Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7273 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 2016 No. 176 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, December 7, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ANDY  N
EUGEBAUER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
PROTECTING PENSIONS OF COAL MINERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, miners and their widows in West Virginia and across the country are asking us to protect their pensions and health care, families like Robin Workman of Boone County, who wrote to me about how she and her husband depend on these benefits. These are the benefits that they earned. She said: ‘‘My husband put in 35 years underground, a promise made to them shouldn’t be broken. West Vir-ginia helped keep the lights on back then as well as today. Please don’t for-get about us.’’ This promise dates back to 1946 when the Truman administration signed an agreement with coal miners, an agree-ment that guaranteed their pensions and health care would be there for them when they retired. Now that agreement—no, that promise—is in jeopardy. In just a few weeks, tens of thousands of miners and widows will lose their health insurance. These miners have back problems, knee problems, and breathing problems, all from their work in the mines. They simply cannot go without insurance. Kenny Meade’s father is one of those retired miners. He lives in Chapmanville and reached out to me to share the story of his parents. Kenny wrote about his father. He said: ‘‘He worked 31 years in the mines and often for less than other miners so he could bargain for their right to health care and pensions.’’ This is an issue we can fix, but it is not an issue that arose overnight. The war on coal has decimated coal jobs in West Virginia and across the country. An onslaught of overreaching Federal regulations have made it harder to mine coal and harder to burn coal. Coal-fired power plants have shut down, making electricity more expen-sive and reducing the market for coal. As demand has decreased and regula-tions have made it harder to mine coal, mines are closing and companies are filing for bankruptcy. A company in bankruptcy isn’t going to have the re-sources to meet its pension obligations. All of these market forces, regula-tions, and the war on coal have had devastating impacts on our miners and their families. It is time for Congress to act to keep the promise and protect the benefits the miners worked their entire life to earn. The Coal Healthcare and Pensions Protection Act won’t cost taxpayers anything. It uses existing funds paid for by mining companies to provide for retired miners. This is not a tax. Tax-payers won’t be on the hook for these pensions. This is about ensuring a promise made is a promise kept. Mr. Speaker, as we approach the holi-day season, I hope we will remember the retirees and widows worried about what the new year will bring. We must act now to pass a solution to this crisis to keep our word. f 
FAREWELL TO THE HONORABLE STEVE ISRAEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about my friend and colleague, S
TEVE ISRAEL , who is retir-ing from Congress after 16 years. We came into Congress together and have been the best of friends and brothers ever since. Now, the last time I mentioned S
TEVE ISRAEL on the House floor was after making a bet with S
TEVE over the Dodgers-Mets series, a bet that I lost, and I had to sing the ‘‘Meet the Mets’’ song on the House floor. I want to as-sure all my colleagues that is never going to happen again either on the playing field or on the House floor. When we came to Congress together, we were given a book, like all incoming freshmen, called ‘‘Charting the Course.’’ This is a book that basically says that there are three different models of being a Congressman. You can be the policy expert or you can be the political animal or you can be the pothole Congressman who is focused on district needs and excellent at meeting the needs of constituents, but the gist of the book is you can’t be all three. You have to pick where you are going to make your specialization, and if you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.000 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7274 December 7, 2016 
try to do all three, you will end up not doing any one of them very well. S
TEVE  I
SRAEL proved the premise of that book wrong because he proved to be super-lative at each and every aspect of being a Member of Congress. On policy, S
TEVE developed an exper-tise in energy policy and became a leading champion of the development of renewable sources of energy. He be-came an expert on defense issues; and as one of the members of the Appro-priations Committee, he helped elimi-nate wasteful expenditures on systems we didn’t need and investment in de-fenses that would really protect the country. He became an expert on Middle East policy and sorting out the difficulties of all the complicated relationships be-tween the nations in the Middle East. He became an expert on the Syrian conflict. He also became an expert on issues affecting the middle class and has al-ways been a champion for what needs to be done to make sure that people in this country can enjoy a secure retire-ment, can get a good job, can raise their family, and that their kids will enjoy a quality of life at least as great as that of their parents, and hopefully even better. He also founded and co-chairs the Center Aisle Caucus, doing something very difficult in this institution, and that is bringing people together of both parties—something we need to see a lot more of. In addition to those policy strengths, he was also and has been one of our greatest political leaders. He served for many years as the DCCC chair and had an encyclopedic knowledge of each and every district in the country belonging to friend or foe alike. He was an ex-traordinary chair, not only in terms of raising resources, but recruiting some of the finest candidates, and a great many Members of this institution owe their very presence here to his incred-ible work. He then became the chair of the House Democratic Policy and Commu-nications Committee and was a very ef-fective Member at shaping our message and at helping us articulate what the Democratic Party was about and has been among the most effective surro-gates the Democrats have. In addition to his political expertise and policy expertise, having visited his district and having met his constitu-ents, I know he was also so attuned to the needs of his constituents, particu-larly the veterans and the homeless, but also in championing the economy and bringing improvements to Long Is-land Sound. His casework was re-nowned within New York, and his staff was among the most superb anywhere on the Hill or in any district office. In addition to all that—and that would be enough for any of us—he also wrote a fabulous novel on his iPhone, ‘‘The Global War on Morris.’’ Who can do that? Who can write a book at all, let alone one on his iPhone, let alone it gets published by a major publisher and does phenomenally well? When STEVE retires, this Congress is going to lose another of its great Mem-bers, someone of genuine talent, intel-lect, and integrity, someone who has come to be relied upon by Presidents. We are also going to lose someone with a great sense of humor, who is a won-derful friend and a bit of a practical joker—like the time he convinced his chief of staff that one of his district staff had run over his dog. Yes, S
TEVE  is a cruel man, but funny. We are going to miss him tremendously. I want to wish him all the luck in the world in the exciting career that awaits him when he retires, and all his new endeavors. I look forward to find-ing him not in the center aisle nec-essarily, but in a different aisle in the bookstore near me with his latest work. I want to join my colleagues in thanking S
TEVE ISRAEL for his tremen-dous years of service and for his won-derful friendship. We will all miss him as, indeed, will this entire institution. 
f 
TRAGIC LOSS OF AMERICAN LIFE IN AFGHANISTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I am back on the floor again today to discuss the tragic loss of American life in Afghani-stan. This past week, I was touched by George Stephanopoulos and ABC as they publicly listed the nine service-members that died in Iraq and Afghani-stan during the month of November. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the names of the nine American heroes. 
Sergeant John W. Perry of Stockton, Cali-fornia; Private 1st Class Tyler R. Lubelt of Tamaroa, Illinois; Sergeant 1st Class Ryan A. Gloyer of Greenville, Pennsylvania; Cap-tain Andrew D. Byers of Rolesville, North Carolina; Senior Chief Petty Officer Scott C. Dayton of Woodbridge, Virginia; Specialist Ronald L. Murray, Jr., of Bowie, Maryland; Staff Sergeant James F. Moriarty of Kerrville, Texas; Staff Sergeant Kevin J. McEnroe of Tucson, Arizona; Staff Sergeant Matthew C. Lewellen of Lawrence, Kansas. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I find it quite ironic that the last moment of si-lence for our men and women in uni-form who have died serving this Nation during wartime by the House Chair took place on March 23, 2015, almost 2 years ago. I, frankly, do not under-stand how House leadership is not more concerned about those who have given their life serving this Nation. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, I wrote to Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter several weeks ago regarding an article that said that there are 200,000 Afghan soldiers who do not exist—they call them ghosts—who are on the payroll of the Department of Defense. I asked him in the letter: Why are we wasting this money, and can you identify where the money is going? Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  my letter to Secretary Ashton Carter. CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 14, 2016. Hon. A
SHTON B. C ARTER , Secretary of Defense, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY CARTER : I am responding to Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense (Acting) Jedidiah Royal’s October 3, 2016, re-sponse to the Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR)’s letter to you (dated August 5, 2016) regarding ‘‘ghost soldiers’’ in Afghanistan. I am appalled that the U.S. taxpayer has, and continues to pay, for ‘‘ghost soldiers’’ in Afghanistan. Moreover, I am also concerned about the risks that inadequacy of data con-cerning personnel levels of the Afghan Na-tional Security and Defense Forces (ANDSF) may pose to American forces in Afghanistan. In Deputy Assistant Secretary Royal’s re-sponse to SIGAR, he indicates the systems that U.S. Forces-Afghanistan are putting in place to try to verify Afghan personnel data will not be ready until at least July 2017. Given the estimate that there may be up to 200,000 ‘‘ghost soldiers,’’ I would respectfully request an estimate of how much funding provided to the ANDSF for salaries in fiscal years 2016 and 2017 is expected to be wasted on ‘‘ghost soldiers.’’ Additionally, Deputy Assistant Secretary Royal indicates that a limited amount of funds has been withheld from the ANDSF for not adhering to the agreed-upon timeline for implementation of personnel verification systems. How much money was withheld, and what percentage does that number rep-resent of the amount originally designated to be allocated? Given that many Afghan military and po-lice outposts have limited, if any, access to electricity and telecommunications systems, I would also ask whether there is a contin-gency plan to back-up the biometric data-base and personnel system given that units may not always have regular access to the technology needed to operate them? Further, under the current deployment arrangement ordered by President Obama, U.S. forces do not have the capability to witness firsthand, at the lowest levels of the ANDSF, whether there is fraudulent use of the biometric cards. With that in mind, does DOD expect there will be salary overpayments even after July 2017? I am also concerned about the effect the ‘‘ghost soldier’’ problem is having on U.S. forces in Afghanistan. While the Afghan Min-ister of Defense was recently quoted as say-ing there is not a single ‘‘ghost soldier’’ in Afghanistan, the Deputy Assistant Sec-retary’s letter makes clear that is not the case. We know the collapse of the 215th Corps in Helmand in 2015 was at least in part due to an overestimation of ANDSF personnel in Helmand based on inflated numbers reported to the Ministry of Defense. USFOR–A subse-quently deployed additional personnel closer to the front lines in Helmand to assist with improving that corps. The ‘‘ghost soldier’’ issue clearly is affecting decision-making within the Defense Department that affects U.S. personnel. I would like to know how DOD plans to mitigate any further risk to U.S. military and civilian personnel that may result from the ongoing ‘‘ghost solider’’ problem. Finally, how confident is the Defense De-partment that the ANDSF and the Afghan government have the capability and the will to effectively implement the new systems, and when will that implementation be fully achieved? When implemented, does the De-fense Department expect the ‘‘ghost soldier’’ problem to be eliminated, or merely re-duced? Mr. Secretary, the ‘‘ghost soldier’’ problem has clearly existed in Afghanistan since the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.002 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7275 December 7, 2016 
beginning of U.S. operations there. The De-fense Department should have known that ‘‘ghost soldiers’’ represented a major risk to American personnel and American taxpayers no later than 2008, when a Government Ac-countability Office report raised the issue. But year after year, the administration— with far too little oversight from Congress— continues sending tens of millions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to pay the salaries of Af-ghan military and police, thousands of whom never show up for duty or may not even exist. And now, we are almost $20 trillion in debt. After 15 years of wounded and murdered Americans, it is time to bring this waste, fraud and abuse to an end. It is sickening, unaffordable, and it must stop. Many schol-ars have said that Afghanistan is a grave-yard of empires—when this financial disaster finally brings us to our knees, maybe the ghost soldiers can visit the headstone that says United States of America. Sincerely, W
ALTER B. J ONES , Member of Congress. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, the reason I mentioned these ghost soldiers is be-cause Americans are still dying in this godforsaken country known as Afghan-istan, all while our Nation is headed for an economic collapse as we soon will see the $20 trillion debt number come forward. For the sake of our mili-tary, we need to end this madness in Afghanistan. I have beside me a photograph of a flag-draped coffin being taken off of an airplane. This is a humble way that I can say to the nine Americans who also came home in a flag-draped coffin in the back of a plane thank you for your service. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to have a debate on the floor of the House as to whether we need to stay in Afghanistan for another 16 years. We have been there for 16 years now. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article that tells the story of Af-ghanistan better than I can today on the floor. The title of that article is ‘‘It’s Time for America to Get Out of Afghanistan.’’ 
[Dec. 2, 2016] I
T’STIME FOR AMERICA TOGETOUT OF  A
FGHANISTAN  (By Mark Kryzer) ‘‘Nation-building’’ hasn’t achieved lasting goals, Afghanis continue to suffer casualties and be displaced, and the costs to the U.S. keep mounting. After 15 years and $115 billion of taxpayer dollars spent on failed ‘‘nation-building,’’ it’s time for the U.S. to let go of Afghanistan. (The actual ‘‘total cost of war and recon-struction’’ which includes all U.S. military spending, has been estimated at $783 billion by the Cost of War project at Brown Univer-sity.) The situation in 2016 has been described by one senior U.S. government official as an ‘‘eroding stalemate.’’ That’s optimistic. We are losing whatever has been achieved there and the Afghan government is slowly col-lapsing under the Taliban onslaught and its own ineptitude driven by corruption. The Taliban control more territory now than at any time since their overthrow by the U.S. in 2001 with the Afghan government controlling only two-thirds of the country— during daylight hours. Since January 2016, the Taliban have contested five provincial capitals, carried out some of the largest ter-rorist attacks in the capital city of Kabul, and have pressed attacks in all 34 provinces of the country, with an average of 68 attacks a day. As a result, the Afghan army and police forces have incurred about 15,000 casualties so far this year, with civilians suffering more than 5,000 casualties, the highest levels ever recorded. An estimated 1.2 million Afghans have been displaced because of the fighting and are living as refugees in their own coun-try, with another 85,000 opting to leave the country in the first six months of 2016 alone for the migrant trail to Europe. Adding to the Taliban threat, ISIS has now established itself in two eastern Afghan provinces and Al Qaida operatives are active in seven provinces, according to a recent re-port in ‘‘The Guardian.’’ With opium produc-tion also up by 43 percent in the country, there is no shortage of funds to fuel the in-surgency and corruption. According to a 2016 World Bank report, the social and economic gains achieved with international assistance over the last 15 years are also quickly eroding due to war and corruption. The Obama administration has opted to leave 8,400 troops in Afghanistan in 2016 in a support role to the Afghan army, down from a high of 100,000 in 2010. And the U.S. com-pletely pays for the Afghan army and police forces. On the civilian side of reconstruction, the U.S. continues to pour money into the country for ‘‘nation-building.’’ At the Brus-sels Afghanistan ‘‘Donors Conference’’ in early October, the international community pledged another $15 billion in support; the U.S. is the largest contributor. Given the abysmal results achieved so far, isn’t it time to re-evaluate U.S. foreign pol-icy goals in Afghanistan? Recently, a group of U.S. generals and former U.S. ambas-sadors to Afghanistan announced that a ‘‘generational commitment’’ of assistance was still required of the American people to-ward Afghanistan to see it securely to the end goal of . . . what? Nobody can give a co-herent answer to that question, indicating that we have seriously lost our way. Most Americans have forgotten about Af-ghanistan (or no longer want to hear about it) and are not aware of the ongoing costs in American lives and resources. It’s time for the next American president to drastically change direction and explain it to the Amer-ican people. That direction should be to start the pull-out of Afghanistan after 15 years of failure to achieve any lasting policy objectives there. The U.S. should immediately stop the mul-titude of civilian ‘‘nation-building’’ pro-grams that have been so costly and failed to achieve their unrealistic goals. U.S. funding for the Afghan army and police forces should be put on a diminishing schedule that would stop entirely after two years, forcing Af-ghanistan to finally stand or fall on its own. It’s time to let go of Afghanistan and end the 15-year drain on American lives and re-sources. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I ask God to bless our men and women in uni-form, and I ask God to continue to bless America. 
f 
PUTTING FLORIDA FIRST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am so very fortunate to have grown up in a family dedicated to public service. I watched and learned from my father as he served as a State legislator, Flor-ida’s Governor, and as a United States Senator, and from my mother who worked tirelessly as an advocate for students and seniors. Together, they were a team that always put Florida first. Following in their footsteps, I served my community as a PTA volunteer, and I worked for my local school dis-trict. While I was happy to serve, I never planned to follow in my father’s footsteps into politics. But as our country became more divided, my thoughts began to change. Like so many Americans, I was disappointed to see our Nation’s civil discourse deterio-rate to shouting matches on cable news and gridlock in government. In 2013, I decided to run for office with my own message and my own mis-sion: to bring back civility, to work with both parties to actually get things done, and to always put the peo-ple of Florida first. b1015 I ran for office to bring the north Florida way to Washington. Almost 4 years after making that decision, I am proud to say we have had many suc-cesses in our own mission. After winning my election, I imme-diately began reaching out to my Flor-ida colleagues, Republicans and Demo-crats. I am proud to say that those friendships have paid off to the benefit of Florida. We were able to recruit almost the entire State delegation to support our Apalachicola Bay Restoration Act. I cosponsored legislation with Congress-man PATRICK MURPHY to protect the Everglades and with Congressman D
AVID JOLLY to ban oil drilling off the coast of Florida. I asked to serve on the committees that were most important to my dis-trict—the Armed Services Committee and the Agriculture Committee. On the Armed Services Committee we were able to make substantial legis-lative gains. We were able to amend the National Defense Authorization Act with initiatives to protect pro-grams that helped Florida’s economy, create jobs, and strengthen our na-tional security, as well as the work we have done to improve our relationship with Israel, including authorizing a joint anti-tunneling program to fight terrorism and to protect both of our countries’ borders. On the House Agriculture Com-mittee, I work closely with farmers across the State. I will never forget our 14-county north Florida farm tour, where I tried my own hand at planting peanuts and even pregnancy checked a cow. I am so proud of the work we did to bring the U.S. Department of Agri-culture Strike Force program to Flor-ida, which will help rural counties to protect their communities, to grow their economies, and to create jobs. While we have had many successes in Washington, I am even more proud of the work we have accomplished in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.003 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7276 December 7, 2016 
Florida. Our focus on constituent serv-ices and cutting through bureaucratic redtape has paid off. We have helped re-turn almost $2 million in benefits owed to Florida seniors and families, includ-ing more than half-a-million dollars to veterans. While the numbers are impressive, the stories behind them are what really count. Stories like Kenneth McCray, a Vietnam veteran who was denied bene-fits by the VA until our office stepped in to help. In every vote and in every way, we always put the people of Flor-ida first. While working in Congress, the peo-ple of north Florida have never let me down. I have felt their love and support in each hug, whether at a press con-ference or along a parade route. I have witnessed their compassion after Hur-ricane Hermine, when neighbors helped neighbors clear debris and sheltered those in need. I have seen local leaders put partisanship aside to fight for our communities. We call this the north Florida way, but we don’t have a monopoly on that spirit. It is the essence of the American spirit. I have witnessed a bit of it here in Washington. Between campaigns and commercial breaks, I have seen that Republicans and Democrats can actu-ally like one another. If we can begin talking to each other again instead of shouting at each other, we can move our country forward in a way that helps every American. So, as I prepare to leave Congress, I offer up this parting advice to new and veteran Members. Take the time to form friendships, put partisanship aside, and always put the people you represent first. Now that I have shared this advice, I would like to end my speech by saying thank you. Thank you to my com-mitted staff, my family, and, most im-portantly, I want to thank the people of north Florida’s Second Congres-sional District. I am so thankful to them for giving me the opportunity to serve. Running for Congress and serv-ing in the House has been an enriching experience with many workdays, pos-sum festivals, and parades along the way. I am sad it is coming to an end, but this moment is bittersweet. I will al-ways treasure the friendships and expe-rience I have gained in Congress. I know that as this chapter closes, an-other opens, and I will continue to serve my community and the people of Florida for as long as I am able. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ) for 5 minutes. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, as I think all of us know, today marks the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor; a devastating event that took the lives of more than 2,300 Americans and ultimately led, of course, to the United States’ entrance into World War II. Though it is painful to think of all the brave men and women we lost that day, I am grateful for this heroic gen-eration of soldiers, including my own father, who served in defense of the freedoms of our country during World War II. I wear my father’s wings. I have them on today. I wear them every day. My mom and dad love their country and they, like so many others, sac-rificed so much. It was examples of he-roes such as these that led me to make the decision when I was a young man to become a pilot in the Air Force. I would like to take a moment and share the story of one brave Utahn, Mervyn Bennion, who was stationed at Pearl Harbor on the day of the attack. After graduating from high school in Salt Lake City, Bennion accepted his appointment to the United States Naval Academy, where he graduated near the top of his class. He later as-sumed command of the USS West Vir-ginia in July of 1941. The ship was moored with other ves-sels on Battleship Row on that Sunday morning. Just shy of 8 a.m., Japanese forces struck the USS West Virginia with at least six torpedoes and two bombs. Under attack and struggling to orga-nize a defense from the bridge, Captain Bennion was struck with shrapnel from one of these bombs; but, still, he con-tinued to direct the ship’s battle while using one of his hands to hold his own wounds closed. Several sailors at-tempted to convince him to go to the first-aid station and seek medical at-tention, but he refused to leave his post. Sadly, he later died from a loss of blood. Captain Bennion was recognized with the Medal of Honor—our Nation’s high-est military honor—for his ‘‘con-spicuous devotion to duty, extraor-dinary courage, and complete disregard for his own life.’’ Today, on the anniversary of the at-tack on Pearl Harbor, let us remember not only the brave men and women who lost their lives in that attack, but also those who have continued to fight for our freedoms for the last 75 years. In dark and dangerous places all around the globe, American soldiers, sailors, and airmen are doing what they can to bring stability and safety to many parts of the world. We should remember them. We should thank them. We should keep them and their families in our prayers. What we have asked them to do is not easy. They de-serve our gratitude and our respect. CONGRATULATING COMPLETION OF THE  
FREEDMEN ’S BUREAU RECORDS PROJECT  
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a few minutes to congratu-late the completion of the Freedmen’s Bureau Records Project. The Freedmen’s Bureau was orga-nized by Congress in 1865 at the conclu-sion of the Civil War. It offered assist-ance to freed slaves in a variety of ways. The Bureau opened schools to educate the illiterate. It managed hos-pitals, it rationed food and clothing for the destitute, and it even solemnized marriages. In the process, it gathered priceless handwritten personal infor-mation on potentially 4 million Afri-can Americans. Due to the work and commitment of over 25,000 volunteers, with the help of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints and FamilySearch Inter-national, they have been able to un-cover the names and stories of over 1.9 million freed slaves. In some cases, for the very first time, African Americans are able to discover their Civil War-era families through an online and search-able database. I was especially pleased to attend an event yesterday where the newly in-dexed database of the Freedmen’s Bu-reau Records was delivered to the Smithsonian’s new National Museum of African American History and Cul-ture. If I could just divert for a moment, I would like to share a story from this experience from one of the leaders of the museum, and I hope he will forgive me for stealing his story and repeating it to you. This gentleman told of how his grandparents passed away when he was very young. He had no memory of his grandparents, except for going to his grandmother’s house and watching her cook on some old tin cookie sheets. But as he was able to, for the first time, research his own family records, he found the records of one of his an-cestors who was a slave; and part of those records was an accounting of money that was paid to her and some of the things that she was able to pur-chase. One of them was a line which re-corded that she paid 22 cents for a set of tin cookie sheets. What an emo-tional moment it was for him to have that connection now with his ancestors that he would not have been able to otherwise. The Freedmen’s Bureau Records Project allows families to discover their ancestors. It allows them to con-nect with them. It allows them to see the heroes among their ancestors that so many of them have. I would like to congratulate and thank the thousands of volunteers who sacrificed their time in this wonderful project. f 
HONORING REID RIBBLE AND RICHARD HANNA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I have been privileged to serve with many exceptional people during my tenure in Congress. This year, there are a number of my Democratic col-leagues who are leaving who will be sorely missed. We just heard from one—G
WEN GRAHAM . And L OISCAPPS is in a chair in front of me and will be speaking soon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.007 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7277 December 7, 2016 
Today I would like to take a moment to recognize two exceptional friends of mine on the other side of the aisle, Re-publicans who enriched my time in Congress and brought honor to this body. I rise today to speak of the serv-ice of R
ICHARD HANNA and R EIDRIBBLE . These two gentlemen represent small town America—rural Upstate New York, in the case of R
ICHARD ; and Green Bay, Wisconsin, and surrounding environments in the case of R
EID. They have a number of similarities. They are both hardworking, dedicated Members of this Chamber, who leave after only three terms. They are fierce-ly dedicated to their family, and fam-ily concerns figured heavily into their decision not to seek reelection. They have both been very successful businesspeople, building their own en-terprises; taking pride, in the case of R
EID, in the employment and terrific service from a roofing company; and R
ICHARD , founding and growing a con-struction enterprise. Both are accomplished in a broad range of other areas. R
ICHARD is a pilot who travels across the country piloting his own plane. R
EIDrecently completed a motorcycle trip from Alaska, all the way across North America to the Flor-ida Keys; most of it with his wife riding along with him. They are both what normally would have been regarded as conservative Re-publicans. That description really be-lies their approach and their value to the institution. In some respects, they may actually entertain some liber-tarian leanings. But they believe in less interference, whether it is liberal overreach or zealotry of the other ex-treme. R
ICHARD is equally disdainful of government telling women what they and their doctors should do with wom-en’s bodies. They are both deeply concerned about budgets and the economy—core Republican values in the past—with R
EIDfamously, in an exchange with some of his Tea Party constituents, in-dicating that they weren’t fair to their grandchildren by refusing to even con-sider raising the gas tax to meet our transportation needs, and he made an eloquent case. R
ICHARD has been a partner with me for the last two Congresses as we work with transportation stakeholders to try to inform one another and find common ground, working forward on solutions to common problems of re-building and renewing America. I fully respect the decision of both gentlemen to follow their instincts and their families to the next phase of their careers, but their decision to end con-gressional service weakens this institu-tion. The fact that we could not find enough incentive to keep them here, being productive and adding their wis-dom and energy, says something about the challenges that this Congress faces in the years ahead. Serving with them has been a re-markable pleasure. They have helped both Republicans and Democrats func-tion a little better in a largely dysfunc-tional climate. They have both given good advice to their Republican col-leagues, which I hope, as they leave, will find greater resonance with those who are left. We are going through a great period of a national civics lesson, where Americans discover that elections have consequences, that facts really should matter, and voters need to be very dis-cerning about the decisions they make. RICHARD HANNA and R EID RIBBLE  have helped, through their service, to advance that civics lesson. I will be grateful to them for as long as I am a citizen, and I look forward to years of friendship in the future and maybe ways to advance that national civics lesson that they speak to so eloquently by their service. 
f 
b1030 WRDA CONFERENCE REPORT: WATER FOR CALIFORNIA; FIRE PROTECTION FOR TAHOE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the conference report on the Water Re-sources Development Act is the prod-uct of many hours of good faith nego-tiations between the House and the Senate and between Republicans and Democrats. Like any compromise, I don’t like everything that is in it, but the net effect is an important step for-ward in protecting against the devasta-tion of future droughts in California and catastrophic wildfire that threat-ens Lake Tahoe. It provides $335 million for des-perately needed surface water storage. It opens a new era of hatcheries to pro-vide for burgeoning populations of en-dangered fish species. It adds flexi-bility to the management of New Melones Reservoir and enables water transfers to assure that water can be more efficiently moved to where it is the most needed. It adds strong protec-tion to northern California area of ori-gin water rights. It expedites the re-view and approval of new projects. It updates flood control management cri-teria to make better use of our existing reservoirs. I particularly want to highlight the provisions related to Lake Tahoe. For many years, we have spent enormous resources to adjust drainage in the basin to improve water clarity at the lake. The Senate version of the meas-ure, which was introduced this session by Senators H
ELLER and F EINSTEIN , continued this effort; but the Heller- Feinstein bill neglected the most im-mediate environmental threat to Lake Tahoe, and that is catastrophic wild-fire. The Senate bill had no provision for forest management, specifically for fire prevention. The number of acres burned by wild-fire in the Lake Tahoe Basin has in-creased each decade since 1973, includ-ing a tenfold increase over the past decade. Eighty percent of the Tahoe Basin forests are now densely and dan-gerously overgrown. They are dying. At lower elevations, there are now four times as many trees as the land can support. Modeling by the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit warns that, in two-thirds of the forest, conditions now exist for flame size and intensity that are literally explosive. If a super fire of the size we have seen in other parts of the Sierra were to strike the Tahoe Basin, it could decimate this lake and its surroundings for a generation to come. For this reason, Congressman AMODEI  and I introduced a bill focused on fire prevention. This measure was specifi-cally designed, after extensive input from fire districts throughout the Tahoe region, to reduce excess fuel be-fore it burns. It provides for expediting collaborative fuel reduction projects consistent with the Lake Tahoe Land and Resource Management Plan, and it calls for funds generated by timber sales and other fee-based revenues to stay in the Tahoe Basin to provide for further fuels management and other improvements. This was falsely portrayed by left-wing activists in the region as a sub-stitute for the Senate bill. As Con-gressman A
MODEI and I made clear re-peatedly, it was designed to supple-ment that bill and fill a glaring defi-ciency that ignored the single greatest environmental hazard to the lake. I am very pleased to note that the critical provisions of both bills—for lake clarity and fire prevention—are now in the conference report, thanks to bipartisan negotiations between House and Senate negotiators, most notably by Senator F
EINSTEIN and House Ma-jority Leader M
CCARTHY . Unfortunately, in the last 48 hours, Senator B
OXER has threatened to blind-side this effort and destroy the fruit of these years of labor and endless hours of negotiation. She has threatened to assemble enough votes, not to put for-ward a positive and credible plan of her own to address these critical needs but, rather, to ruin the painstaking nego-tiations of many others just as they are coming to fruition. In the last 4 years, the King Fire, the Butte Fire, the Rough Fire, and the Rim Fire have destroyed more than 1,000 square miles of forest in the Si-erra Nevada. If we don’t restore sound forest management for fire prevention in the Tahoe Basin now, the next fire could reduce its magnificent forests to cinders and clog the lake with ash and debris for decades to come. We can only pray that wiser heads prevail in the Senate and that this conference report is speedily adopted by both Houses and signed into law by the President. 
f 
MY TENURE AS RESIDENT COMMISSIONER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.008 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7278 December 7, 2016 
Puerto Rico (Mr. P IERLUISI ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, after 8 years, this will be my last floor speech as the Resident Commissioner of Puer-to Rico in Congress. I want to thank my constituents for giving me the op-portunity to serve as their voice in Washington. They are enduring dif-ficult times, but they never lose their hope, dignity, or appreciation for life’s blessings. I also want to thank my colleagues in the House and the Senate. I respect your dedication to public service, en-ergy, and commitment to the causes you champion. In addition, I want to thank my staff, which has served me and the people of Puerto Rico with skill, passion, and loyalty. Most importantly, I want to thank my wife, Maria-Elena; my four chil-dren; and the rest of my family. They have walked alongside me on this jour-ney through the peaks and valleys, and my love for them cannot be captured with words. It is impossible to condense 8 action- packed years into 5 minutes. However, if there is a central theme to my ten-ure as Resident Commissioner, it has been ‘‘fighting the good fight’’ on be-half of the 3.4 million American citi-zens in Puerto Rico, who have been treated unfairly for too long. In an example of baptism by fire, the battle began almost as soon as I as-sumed office in 2009, when Congress was debating the stimulus bill known as ARRA. Even as I was still learning to navigate my way through the Cap-itol, we managed to secure virtually State-like treatment for Puerto Rico, injecting almost $7 billion into the is-land’s economy when we needed it most. The fight continued the following year with the Affordable Care Act, which resulted in the largest funding increase in history for Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program. Separately, we se-cured legislative and administrative action that eliminated many of the dis-parities that Puerto Rico faced under the Medicare program. I am also proud of our work to com-bat drug-related violence in Puerto Rico, requiring the Federal Govern-ment to prepare the Caribbean Border Counternarcotics Strategy and per-suading Federal lawsuit agencies to in-crease their resources in Puerto Rico. The number of homicides on the island was cut in half between 2011 and 2015. But this is not about statistics. It is about preserving human life. Moreover, I have tried my best to serve those who have served us. Resi-dents of Puerto Rico have a rich mili-tary tradition, and no unit exemplifies their courage and character better than the 65th Infantry Regiment, which fought the enemy on the battle-field and discrimination in the bar-racks. After we enacted legislation to award them the Congressional Gold Medal, these warriors—now in the twi-light of their lives—stood beside Presi-dent Obama as he signed the bill into law and were honored at a ceremony in the Capitol, one that I will never for-get. The toughest fight of my tenure came earlier this year when Congress and the White House worked together to enact legislation, called PROMESA, to prevent the Government of Puerto Rico from collapsing. Nobody was pleased that such legislation was nec-essary, and nobody liked every provi-sion in the bill, but I firmly believe that PROMESA, if properly imple-mented, provides a path to a better fu-ture for Puerto Rico. I close with this thought: Puerto Rico’s current territory status, which gives Congress license to treat my con-stituents like second class citizens, is undignified and unsustainable. Following a 2012 local referendum in which island residents expressed their opposition to the current status and their support for statehood, Congress enacted legislation that provided fund-ing for the first federally sponsored ref-erendum in Puerto Rico’s history. The significance of this achievement has yet to be sufficiently appreciated. Puerto Rico should use this authority to conduct a vote on whether the terri-tories should become a State. If the people of Puerto Rico ratify their sup-port for statehood, as I expect they will, it will be incumbent upon Con-gress to implement that result. This country, which was founded on the principles of equality and justice, must live up to its creed. May God bless Puerto Rico and the United States of America. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO JOSE ABEYTA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mr. Jose Abeyta of Montrose, Colorado, who passed away on Novem-ber 14, 2016. Jose is survived by his wife, Loretta, whom he married 40 years ago, and they have two sons, Lenny and Juan. Jose was a personal friend of mine and was a beloved member of his com-munity. He served our country proudly during the Vietnam war from 1969 to 1971, as a fixed wing mechanic for the Army’s 358th Aviation Detachment. He received an honorable discharge after serving for 2 years. Mr. Abeyta was a hero for the time he spent in the Army, but the life he lived after his service showed us what an honorable man and model citizen he truly was. Jose married Loretta 1 month after returning home from Vietnam, and they moved to Colorado Springs, where he went to school and earned a degree in sociology at the University of Colo-rado at Colorado Springs. Mr. Abeyta paid his own way through school. He and Loretta then moved back to Montrose, where he began his career as a probation officer. He later ran suc-cessfully for the city council in 2006 and served as the mayor of Montrose in 2009. Mr. Speaker, it was not just his work that defined who Mr. Abeyta was. It was the devotion to serving others. As a husband, a father, a war veteran, a little league coach, and a public serv-ant, he lived a life full of selfless serv-ice and stood as an example for all Americans to live by. He started out as the new guy in Montrose, and he ended up serving as the mayor, which speaks volumes about the impact he had on his community. Mr. Speaker, I am saddened by Jose’s passing because he was an irreplaceable figure in Montrose, but I am grateful that I had the opportunity to know him. His family is in my thoughts and prayers, and I hope that the commu-nity of Montrose will continue to cele-brate his tremendous accomplishments in the weeks and months to come. Jose Abeyta will be missed. f 
END HUNGER NOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on the Monday and Tuesday before Thanks-giving, back in Massachusetts, I par-ticipated in the seventh annual Monte’s March, which is a 43-mile walk to raise awareness about hunger in our community and to raise money for The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts. The leader of this remarkable event is Monte Belmonte, a well-known local radio personality with WRSI, the River, and a committed activist on be-half of those who are most vulnerable. This year, the march raised a record $211,213. This translates into over a half a million meals for individuals and families who struggle with food insecu-rity. I was impressed by the stamina of all of those who walked and by the in-credible generosity of the community. The sad reality is that there is no congressional district in the United States that is hunger free, and those who battle hunger defy stereotypes. Some are homeless; some are jobless; but there are many who work but who earn so little that they can’t afford to put food on the table on a regular basis for their families. While food banks and food pantries and charitable organizations are vital in our efforts to combat hunger, they cannot do it alone. We need a strong commitment by our government to do its part. Indeed, I would argue that we have fallen way short of doing what is needed to ensure that no one goes hun-gry. Those whom I marched alongside during Monte’s March are good people who understand what it means to truly be part of a community. I want to thank, first and foremost, the incredible Monte Belmonte and all of the people at the River, including Mark Lattanzi, Joan Holliday, Michael Sokol, Kaliis Smith, Dave Musante, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.010 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7279 December 7, 2016 
and Matt Peterson. They are amazing people who worked overtime to make this march a success. I am grateful to Andrew Morehouse, the executive director of The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, and to everyone at the food bank. They do in-credible work. Thanks to all of the elected officials who joined part of the march, including my colleagues, Congressmen R
ICHIE  N
EALand J OEKENNEDY . We were also joined by State Representatives Steve Kulik and Aaron Vega, State Rep-resentative-elect Solomon Goldstein- Rose, as well as by Northampton Mayor David Narkewicz and District Attorney Dave Sullivan. We kicked off the march at Friends of the Homeless in Springfield, and I am grateful for all that they do. The Sheriff’s Departments in Hampden, Hampshire, and Franklin Counties, as well as the Deerfield Police, helped provide escorts for us during all 43 miles. A special thanks to the students who joined the march from Greenfield Cen-ter School, HEC Academy, Conway Grammar School, and Erving Elemen-tary. We were joined by a contingent from Greenfield Community College, which included its president, Bob Pura. We also had a group of farmers from The Kitchen Garden in Sunderland who joined the effort. Sean Barry, from Four Seasons Liq-uors in Hadley, was, as usual, Monte’s right-hand man and always at the front of the line. We had a large group of in-dividuals who marched and raised a lot of money. Thanks to all of them. My friend Chia Collins of Northampton de-serves special credit for raising the most. Thanks to all of the people who greeted us along the way, including Karen Blanchard of Kate’s Kitchen, Andrea Marion at Lorraine’s Soup Kitchen and Pantry, Mindy Domb at the Amherst Survival Center, Lori Di-vine and Vitek Kruta at Gateway City Arts, Chancellor Subbaswamy at UMass Amherst and his top aide Nat-alie Blais, who marched 27 miles with us. b1045 We are grateful to Northampton Brewery for a wonderful dinner on Monday, Chandler’s in Deerfield for a great lunch on Tuesday, Richardson’s Candy Kitchen in Deerfield for the in-dulgent chocolates that gave us en-ergy, and all the folks at Seymour’s in Greenfield for the magnificent celebra-tion at the end of the march. Also, a special thanks to Tea Guys for their wonderful tea in honor of the march and for their generosity. Thanks to Ben Clark from Clarkdale Fruit Farm in Deerfield for the apples and for keeping us in line. Thanks to Erika Connell Cooper’s mother for the delicious apple pies. And thank you to Mr. Michael Brooks and the students at the Smith Vocational and Agricul-tural High School in Northampton for making the shopping carts we used during the march. Mr. Speaker, I was glad to be part of this, but I want to close by expressing my deep concern about the future. I re-main worried about rumors of more cuts to SNAP or separating SNAP from the farm bill or weakening child nutri-tion. With so many relying on these programs to help put food on the table, these cuts would be devastating for families across the country. We must protect and strengthen these programs. I believe food ought to be a right for every single individual in this country and on the planet, but the sad reality is that it isn’t. All of us need to do bet-ter. All of us need to care more. All of us need to recognize our moral failings in not addressing this issue sooner. So on behalf of the dedicated crew that took part in Monte’s March, I urge all of us in Congress to act and end hunger now. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DAVID HOWLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize David Howle. For the past 29 years, Coach Howle has served as the head football coach for the Bunn High School Wildcats in Franklin County. During that time, Coach Howle had unprecedented suc-cess, amassing 214 wins and just 90 losses. He has had 45 players go on to play at the collegiate level, a nearly unheard of number for an AA high school. While Coach Howle built the Bunn football program into a regional power-house, it is more important to recog-nize the impact he has had on thou-sands of students, parents, and staff in the Bunn community. His expectation of his players to work hard, not just on the field, Mr. Speaker, but also in the classroom, translated into a 99 percent graduation rate for his student ath-letes. Coach Howle has famously told his team, ‘‘show me your friends and I’ll show you your future,’’ encouraging his players not just to be good citizens, but also to be productive members of soci-ety. And no matter the outcome of any game—win, loss, or draw—Coach Howle was always there to encourage his players to keep their heads up and to look to the future as the team ended every game with the Bunn High School fight song followed by the Lord’s pray-er. David Howle exemplifies what the thousands of dedicated educators in North Carolina do every day. The les-sons Coach Howle taught and the dif-ference he made in thousands of lives will be remembered in his community for years to come. FAREWELL ADDRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the House one last time as a Member of Congress. Over 18 years ago, I was honored and humbled to be elected to this House. It has been the job and the responsibility of a life-time. After a career spent as a nurse and in our public schools as a school nurse, it was the start of a life I never expected, but I was eager to answer the call to public service on behalf of the citizens of the central coast of California. It was the same call that had beckoned my husband, Walter, before me. He was a religious studies professor who felt compelled to serve. Like Walter, I sought to help restore the bonds of trust between the people and their gov-ernment. While the circumstances of my join-ing Congress were unexpected, it has been a tremendous honor to serve with all of you over these years. Together with our colleagues, our dedicated staff, and our constituents, I have been proud to work on behalf of issues so important to our congressional district on the central coast of California, issues important also to our entire Na-tion. We have worked hard to ensure that everyone has the chance to fulfill their American Dream, while moving our economy and our country forward. We have fought to protect women’s rights, strengthen families, and push for equality. We have made great strides in making health care more accessible and affordable so that no one has to go bankrupt just because they get sick. And we have championed a clean en-ergy future while protecting our beau-tiful landscapes, our coastlines, and our precious natural resources for fu-ture generations. In recent months, I have often been asked what I will miss most about serving in Congress. While there is much to miss, the answer is easy: it is the people. To me, this job has always been and always will be about the peo-ple: the people we represent, the people who work so hard to keep this place going, the people on my staff over the years who have been so dedicated to making our community and our coun-try just a little bit better—and the peo-ple I serve with here, you, my col-leagues. It has been such a privilege and pleasure to get to know you and work alongside many of you over the years, learning more about your districts, your backgrounds, and your families. After all, isn’t this what Congress was meant to be? You, my colleagues, com-ing from all over the country, from all walks of life, to represent your neigh-bors and communities in this place, this Congress, to work together for the good of our Nation. During my time in Congress, I have been so proud of those laws we have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.011 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7280 December 7, 2016 
passed that have made a real difference in people’s lives. When I am home, I often hear about the positive impact of our work, the role our office has played in the district, the difference our ef-forts have made in individual lives. I am proud of the progress we have made as a country, but we need to keep this momentum going. As we all know, cooperation and progress is not always easy, but it is what we are sent here to do and it is what we must do, regard-less of partisanship. We are here, each one, because we believe in the role of government to make the lives of every-day Americans better, and that has been my guiding light both as a Mem-ber of Congress and as a nurse before. As I have said, I may be retiring, but I do not want to consider myself re-tired. I prefer to say I am graduating to continue working locally on issues that have defined my time in Congress. Our work is cut out for us, but I am deeply optimistic about what the fu-ture holds. I trust that the next Con-gress will hold healthy debates about how to build a better country for our children. I urge my colleagues to re-member that, even during the most trying times, as my husband Walter often said: There is much more that unites us as a people than that which divides us. Now I want to take one last oppor-tunity to thank my staff, the people who have become family to me both here in D.C. and in the district. And I want to thank you, my colleagues, for your camaraderie, your hard work, and the friendship that has lasted over 18 years. It has meant the world to me. And finally, thank you. Thank you, truly, to the people of the central coast for trusting me as your Representative, for inspiring me every single day with your passion and your dedication for our Nation and for California’s 24th District. You make our community a place in which I have been proud to raise my children and my grand-children now, one I am proud to call home. 
f 
8-YEAR ASSAULT ON AMERICA’S COAL INDUSTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to mark the end of a long, harsh, par-tisan, politicized campaign, unprece-dented in American history. I am not talking about the recent election. No. We are finally at the end of the Obama administration’s 8-year assault on Ken-tucky’s and America’s coal industry. In two terms, President Obama’s policies have successfully put thou-sands of coal miners and utility work-ers into the unemployment line. In 2008, then-candidate Obama pledged that any company looking to build a coal-powered electric plant would be bankrupted. The combined regulations of the EPA, the Army Corps of Engi-neers, the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and several other bureaucracies have turned that pledge into a reality, chok-ing off investment in new state-of-the- art, clean-burning, coal-fired electric generation; and it led to the premature closing of existing plants. If we continue on this path, the other promise made by candidate Obama will also come to pass: electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket. And that would be a disaster for consumers, for whom energy prices are often the second or third largest line item in the family budget. I also think about industrial con-sumers and the many manufacturers in my district and around the Nation who depend on affordable, reliable energy that will face skyrocketing costs if we fail to act and reverse these adminis-tration policies. However, it is a new day; and voters—particularly in the Rust Belt and Appalachia—turned out in November to close the book on this legacy of job-killing regulation and to seek a new path forward. President Obama said that elections have consequences, and this is true; but his administration ignored every electoral outcome since 2010, doubling down on failed policies while the Amer-ican people called for a different ap-proach. The inverse is also true: con-sequences drive elections. The con-sequences of the Obama administra-tion’s unilateral decisions decided last November’s election, and no place in this country felt those consequences as acutely as coal country. National coal production is at its lowest level in 35 years. Pike County, the long leading coal producer in Ken-tucky, until losing that title in 2012, is down 89 percent since its peak in 1996. Nationwide, consumption of coal has dropped nearly a third since 2007. In Kentucky, coal employment hit its lowest level in 118 years. To repeat, coal employment in Kentucky is now at its lowest level since 1898. In 2009, 18,850 people were employed by coal. About 73,000 jobs were indirectly sup-ported by that economic activity. Today, only about 6,500 Kentuckians now work in the coalfields, and those losses have rippled throughout the economy. Yet this is the legacy that this administration will earn as it leaves office. Never in the history of our country has an administration singled out and targeted a lawful industry—in this case, an industry that has provided jobs and opportunities for American workers for generations, an industry that has literally powered America, and, through that overregulation, crushed an entire sector of our econ-omy. Now, Obama administration apolo-gists will say that depletion in Appa-lachian coalfields and new competition from natural gas are the primary fac-tors in those job losses, but they don’t give the regulators enough credit. The turnaround in natural gas production on State and private lands has been dramatic, to be sure, but relative price parity with coal does not explain two- thirds of mining jobs in Kentucky dis-appearing in 7 years. The administration has targeted coal supply and demand, prohibiting pro-duction leases, rejecting mining permit applications, stretching the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts against congres-sional intent, prohibiting new and ex-isting plants from using coal—the list goes on and on. Many of these rules have been halted or overturned by the courts, and sev-eral more remain subject to challenge by the States and industry; but since the President could not get Congress’ support for his agenda of banning the production and use of coal, most of these regulations can be unwound by the courts or the next administration. I urge the incoming Trump adminis-tration to do just that and to engage with Congress in a bipartisan fashion on our Nation’s energy and environ-mental policies. The livelihoods of peo-ple in the coalfields, of those working in the manufacturing and rail indus-tries, of families trying to keep their homes warm and their lights on must never again be the collateral damage in partisan warfare. I must address the issue of climate change. Let the last 8 years serve as a lesson to all of us. Let’s never again at-tempt to solve problems through cen-tral planning by punishing innocent Americans whose paychecks put food on their table. Instead, let’s address problems like climate change the American way: not through central planning or government, but through innovation, science, technology. While it will be a tough road back for coal country and it may never be the same after 8 years of regulatory at-tack, I do look forward to a new day dawning in the coalfields. f 
ROBERT LEVINSON STILL MISSING IN IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, the holi-day season is upon us. We are getting ready to head home to spend time with family and friends, yet I rise today with a heavy heart. For the family of my constituent Robert Levinson of Coral Springs, Flor-ida, these weeks are a painful reminder of another Thanksgiving, another Christmas—their 10th, in fact—without their father, grandfather, and husband. 
f 
b1100 Bob has been missing in Iran for 3,561 days. He disappeared from Kish Island, Iran, on March 9, 2007. Late that year, Bob’s wife, Christine, and his oldest son Dan traveled to Iran to learn as much as they could about his where-abouts. It was a brutal 3-year wait for the first proof of life, a video of Bob 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.013 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7281 December 7, 2016 
dressed in an orange jumpsuit, pleading for help. A year later, in 2011, another proof of life, pictures of Bob, his beard long, his face thin, his gregarious smile gone, a shadow of the exuberant family man in this photograph. In March, marking the ninth anni-versary of Bob’s disappearance, south Florida came together in support of Bob’s return with a rally. Each of Bob’s children spoke so beautifully about the special relationship that they share with their father, his commitment to his family, his words of wisdom, his ability to touch the lives of everyone that he meets. Bob Levinson served this country for nearly 30 years, first as a DEA agent, and then as an FBI agent. He is the def-inition of a patriot. He loves this coun-try. He dedicated his life to public service. Now we must do whatever we can to bring Bob home; home to Chris-tine, his wife of over 40 years; home to his daughters Susan, Stephanie, Sarah, and Samantha; home to his three sons, Dan, David, and Doug, and son-in-law Randy; home to meet, for the first time, the newest members of his grow-ing family, his sons-in-law and daugh-ter-in-law, Ralph, Ryan, and Sophia, and his six beautiful grandchildren, Ryan, Grace, Caroline, Harry, Sean, and Bobby; home in time for the birth of two new grandchildren; and home in time to hold 2-year-old Bobby as he be-gins treatment for lymphoma. Bobby was named after Grandpa Bob. Bob’s daughter Susan said: I always wanted to name my son after my dad not because he has been taken, but be-cause growing up I always knew how special my dad is. The family needs Bob home. We can’t wait any longer. Whether you support engagement with Iran or not doesn’t matter. The fact is, for the first time since Bob went missing, the United States Government sits directly across the table from their Iranian counter-parts. The future of our relationship with Iran is uncertain. That is why we can’t wait. The Iranians have spent the last 2 years seeking acceptance from the international community, but to be treated as a responsible nation, they must act as a responsible nation. After Iran released other Americans this year, the U.S. Government announced Iran’s commitment to use newly estab-lished channels to move us closer to Bob’s return, but, 11 months later, Iran has not fulfilled that commitment. Our allies are looking to invest in Iran. U.S. businesses are seeking new economic opportunities, and Iran is seeking to change its standing in the world. I am not here today to debate U.S. policy. I am only here to remind Iran and to remind the world that an American is still not home. I am grateful to this Congress for the unanimous passage of a resolution ear-lier this year calling on the Govern-ment of Iran to find Bob and bring him home and for the deep, deep support so many of my colleagues have offered the Levinson family. I don’t want to have to introduce that legislation again next year. I don’t want to come back to the House floor in 2017 to plead for Bob’s return. This is the moment for action. This is the time to bring Bob home. When the Levinson children were growing up, they would pile into the family Suburban before Christmas in search of the best holiday decoration displays. The kids would sit back sing-ing Christmas songs, and Bob would hold Christine’s hand while he drove. Even though the family has grown too large to fit in one Suburban now, Bob and his family deserve to see the lights together this year. They deserve to sing together. This must be the last season that Bob spends away from his family. 
f 
CELEBRATING 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF HOLY CROSS CATHOLIC CHURCH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, this year my parish, Holy Cross Catholic Church in Hutchinson, Kansas, is cele-brating its 60th anniversary. Sixty years ago, then-Bishop of Wichita, Most Reverend Mark K. Carroll, pro-claimed Holy Cross Parish to be the third parish in Hutchinson. On June 23, 1957, the church celebrated their first mass in a 4–H building. Holy Cross Parish has come a long way from that first mass held on the Kansas State Fairgrounds. Now a beau-tiful church adorned with holy images, the parish serves Christ’s people from the moment they are born with the Sacrament of Baptism, to feeding them with the Word of God and the Holy Eu-charist, to couples exchanging mar-riage vows, to those seeking forgive-ness in the confessional, and, finally, to when we prepare to meet our Lord at the end of our earthly lives. At each milestone of a Catholic’s life, Holy Cross Catholic Church is there to guide us toward the truth: to know, love, and serve the Lord in this life so as to be with Him in the next. The work of the Holy Cross commu-nity certainly extends outside the church walls. The parish is present in the community, serving meals to the needy, visiting inmates in prison, working to save the lives of the pre-cious unborn children, and comforting those who grieve. Additionally, education has always been a high priority for the Holy Cross Parish. Hundreds upon hundreds of boys and girls, young men and women, have received a superb Catholic edu-cation at Holy Cross Catholic School and Trinity Catholic High School. Dedicated teachers, administrators, coaches, committed families, holy priests and nuns, and supportive pa-rishioners have worked together to pre-pare each of these students to serve as Christ’s light to the world. The fami-lies that make up Holy Cross Catholic Church are a living example of individ-uals who live out their faith in their work and their daily lives. Our country was founded on Judeo- Christian principles. The First Amend-ment guarantees the freedom of reli-gion, freedom of speech, and freedom of conscience. It is my sincere hope that, as America moves forward, our leaders will place the issue of religious liberty at the forefront of their political and legislative agendas. On this 60th anniversary of Holy Cross Catholic Church, it is my prayer that the parish will continue to grow and thrive, welcome new members, and share the Gospel with the world. f 
THE WAR ON SCIENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the growing antiscience attitude in Washington. This attitude has manifested itself even on the cover of the respected Na-tional Geographic magazine, titled ‘‘The War on Science.’’ The war on science is being conducted in two ways. First, by rejecting or trying to dis-credit legitimate science. Second, by reducing Federal science funding. Skepticism of science is hardly new and is sometimes well founded, but what is happening today is different and is part of a trend in the United States to discount or disbelieve experts in any field. I hear from scientists who are very worried that the quality and quantity of science produced in this country will decline as a result. American inventors and innovators have improved our lives and have given our country an economic edge, helping make us the strongest country in the world. Let me share a partial list of revolutionary achievements by Amer-ican scientists: airplanes, phonographs, practical incandescent lamps, wireless communications, microwave ovens, la-sers, personal computers, washing ma-chines, cyclotrons, 3D printing ma-chines, polio vaccinations, the nuclear bomb, light-emitting diodes or LEDs, fiber optic cables, mobile telephones, computer mouse, public key cryptog-raphy, global positioning systems or GPS, and social media. Now let’s recall an earlier battle against science that used the discredit tactic; namely, the tobacco companies’ effort to dispute the science that smok-ing is addictive and causes deadly dis-eases. The tobacco industry tried to both discredit and threaten the sci-entists who were advancing the facts, and funded questionable scientists to create doubts about the actual sci-entific results. The tactic worked for a time while tobacco producers were able to continually hook millions of new people on their dangerous product. Eventually the science won out, but the cost was terrible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.015 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7282 December 7, 2016 
Today a similar effort is underway with respect to climate change. The science is clear, with a vast majority of climate scientists agreeing that the climate is warming and that con-tinuing to emit carbon into the atmos-phere at current levels will bring sig-nificant and mostly detrimental change to our environment. Moreover, even though the evidence that climate change is already taking place and is overwhelming and increasingly obvi-ous, there is widespread denial that cli-mate change is even happening or that it would be possible to help combat it. But the things that need to be done to address climate change, such as taxing carbon emissions, can be done gradu-ally, predictably, and in a way that helps the economy grow and puts peo-ple to work. So why is there so much resistance? The resistance in America is caused by a well-funded campaign to create doubt about obvious scientific facts. The fossil fuel industry, in particular, has been paying its own scientists to go on talk shows, to publish in their own denial journals, and generally to create doubt whenever possible about climate change, suggesting that it would be better to wait for conclusive evidence before doing anything. But to wait for conclusive evidence is to wait for catastrophe. While Republicans in Washington are trying to reduce or eliminate funding for climate change research, there also seems to be an effort by Republicans to reduce science funding across the board. This will result in fewer sci-entific advances in the U.S., which will likely cause us to fall behind our com-petitors. But this is part of a larger trend that denies there are real ex-perts. Science denial has become a pop culture. This is dangerous because modern society is built upon the things that science got right. I see the war on science in this coun-try as shortsighted and very damaging to our economy. We need to change the tone and direction toward a positive process that acknowledges and sup-ports the role science has played and will continue to play for our country. That means working with legislators and getting more scientists and other concerned citizens involved in the po-litical process to ensure that our Na-tion can continue to benefit from new scientific discoveries and innovation and which will help create the jobs we need to continue to be a great eco-nomic power. 
f 
FAREWELL TO THE HONORABLE JOE PITTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, in my hand is a book, ‘‘Con-gress: The Chester County Line’’ writ-ten by Wayne C. Woodward. A portion of the foreword reads as follows: ‘‘From the very beginning of our great Nation and the first American Congress, Ches-ter Countians have served their south-east Pennsylvania constituents in the United States House of Representa-tives. Not all have been nationally known leaders or internationally re-nowned legislators, but, by and large, Congressmen from Chester County have played a major role in American history.’’ That was written by Richard T. Schulze, member of the United States House of Representatives, serv-ing from 1975 to 1993. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Congressman JOEPITTS, who has served Chester County, Lancaster County, and Berks County with tre-mendous distinction for the past two decades. Whether it was his legislative focus and advocacy involving religious liberty, life, health care, land con-servation, or focusing on those issues at the most local level, J
OEPITTS’ leg-acy and achievements as a legislator will prove lasting in the history of Chester County and this Congress. My predecessor, Jim Gerlach, serving in the neighboring Sixth Congressional District, commented: ‘‘I had the good fortune of working with J
OEfrom my first years as a State legislator in the PA house all the way through my last year in Congress. During those 24 years, J
OEPITTS was a steady and com-mitted voice for conservative prin-ciples and policies that are the bedrock of our economy and society. He cared deeply about his constituents and country, and he always voted for what he believed was best for both. In short, he was a principled leader who worked hard every day to do the right thing, and his leadership will be missed.’’ J
OEPITTS’ predecessor in Congress, occupying what is commonly referred to as ‘‘the Pennsylvania Dutch seat,’’ Congressman Bob Walker, commented: ‘‘J
OEPITTS has distinguished himself and the district he represents with his congressional service. He has become an acknowledged leader in healthcare policy, and his human rights work has won worldwide claim. I have been proud to call him my congressman for the past 20 years, and wish J
OEand Ginny the very best in the years ahead.’’ This book, ‘‘Congress: The Chester County Line,’’ was written in 1992. There will be a day when a second book about the history of Congress and Chester County will be written. We don’t know who will write it, but we do know there will be a chapter on the service of Jim Gerlach and on the serv-ice of Bob Walker; and there will also be a very long chapter, rich in content, on the contributions that J
OEPITTS has played in American history for the betterment of this country, for the bet-terment of Chester County, Berks County, and Lancaster County. Congressman P
ITTS, I wish you the very best as you retire, and a long and healthy retirement to you and your family. God bless you. b1115 FAREWELL TO THE HONORABLE BOB DOLD  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, when I came to Congress, as I suspect when most new Members come to Congress, you tend to look around for those Members who you can take a little something from to improve your-self and to see what they do and also what they don’t do. Congressman B
OBDOLD is finishing his second term. I would like Mr. D
OLD to know that I have taken a great deal from him. I find him to be a very hon-orable man and a friend who has served with purpose, a positive attitude, and is partisan-free. He is a great example of how to serve in this body effectively, with distinction, and with a great atti-tude. I wish Congressman D
OLD the very best in all his future endeavors. 
FAREWELL TO THE HONORABLE RICHARD HANNA  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, R
ICHARD HANNA , serving New York’s 22nd Congressional District, is retiring. I want to commend Congress-man H
ANNA on his thoughtfulness, independence, and courage of convic-tions. I find him to be a great example of how to serve in this body honorably, and I wish him and his family the very best in his retirement. 
FAREWELL TO THE HONORABLE MIKE  
FITZPATRICK  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Congressman M
IKE F
ITZPATRICK of Pennsylvania’s Eighth Congressional District is retiring. His brother, Brian, has big shoes to fill to serve in M
IKE’s place. When I came to Congress, one thing that you would always hear in political circles is that M
IKEFITZPATRICK , while serving in Congress, never stopped being a Bucks County Commissioner. What that really means is, while he came down here to focus on Wash-ington and issues important to this country, he never stopped spending time in Bucks County, serving the dis-trict with distinction. I wish M
IKEFITZPATRICK the very best in retirement and thank him for his mentorship during my first year in Congress. 
f 
CONGRATULATING STAFF SERGEANT AARON TOBLER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Staff Sergeant Aaron Tobler, an Albany native and La Salle Institute of Troy graduate who was recently selected for the Out-standing Airman of the Year award by the United States Air Force. The Air Force provides this recogni-tion to top enlisted Airmen for their unique individual achievements in leadership, job performance, signifi-cant self-improvement, and community involvement. Sergeant Tobler is a fine example of the best the capital region, the Air 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.016 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7283 December 7, 2016 
Force, and our Nation have to offer. In addition to his military service, he serves as a manager at the California Department of Social Services, men-tors local youth, and is a regular blood donor. I thank Staff Sergeant Tobler for his military and civilian service to our Na-tion. He and his colleagues are truly what has made, and continues to make, this country great. 
109TH AIRLIFT BUZZ ALDRIN EVACUATION  
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, last week, the National Science Foundation an-nounced that the 109th Airlift Wing provided a humanitarian medical evac-uation flight from Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station in Antarctica to as-tronaut Buzz Aldrin, one of the first men to walk on the Moon. As the Representative for New York’s 20th Congressional District, I am, in-deed, honored that we are home to Stratton Air National Guard Base, which hosts the 109th Airlift Wing in Scotia, New York. Their unit flies the world’s only ski-equipped LC–130s, bet-ter known as Ski Birds. The 109th continues a proud tradition of critical contributions that New York’s capital region makes to our na-tional security, our economy, and yes, our standing in the world. I am, indeed, proud of their unique service to this country and thank them for their con-tinued support. 
f 
PEARL HARBOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) for 5 minutes. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, 75 years ago, the Imperial forces of Japan attacked Pearl Harbor and other bases in Hawaii. This unforgivable act thrust our country into the war in the Pacific. On this day, 2,403 Americans died, 1,177 of them on the Arizona, and 1,178 were wounded. Today, to honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice, there will be serv-ices here in D.C., throughout the Na-tion, and particularly at Pearl Harbor. This is where Pearl Harbor, the symbol of World War II and the attack, is found. That, of course, is the USS Ari-zona Memorial. Designed by Alfred Preis, it was con-troversial when first unveiled because people could not understand the sig-nificance of it. They said it kind of looked like a squashed milk carton. But when you really understood what went behind it, it made sense. The middle part that looks like it is sagging represented the defeat of De-cember 7; however, the two proud, strong sides represented the victory that our country faced. Think about it. There is a portion of it that is open to the ocean. That is where leis like this were thrown in to honor those who were buried below. In addition, there is a wall with the names of all those who perished. But there is another wall—and this is very significant—with the names of those who survived the attack but chose to return to be buried with their col-leagues. A Navy diver takes their ashes down and puts them on the USS Ari-zona. There are seven large windows on one side representing December 7. There are 21 windows altogether, rep-resenting a 21-gun salute. When Mr. Preis designed it, he said he wanted the memorial to be every-thing to anybody as they looked at it, but, most importantly, he wanted it to be serene. You have to ask yourself: Why? What very few know about Mr. Preis is, like the Japanese Americans, he was detained because he was Austrian. In Hawaii, there were internment camps, not only of Japanese Americans but of Germans of American descent, as well as Italians. Mr. Preis was one of them. World War II created the Greatest Generation of all time, and we must never forget them. We must honor them. But we must always remember that ultimate sacrifice they made. They made it for all of us so we would appreciate and enjoy civil liberties. Remember, in February of the fol-lowing year is when President Roo-sevelt signed Executive Order 9066 put-ting Japanese Americans, whose only crime was that they were Japanese Americans, into internment camps. This group fought the fight to prove their loyalty to this country. Let us not forget them, the Filipino World War II veterans who also served, and everyone who served in World War II. Let us not forget why they served and why they did that ultimate sac-rifice. It was so that we would be the greatest country on this Earth and we would provide people with civil lib-erties. So let us not, as we move forward, forget that. Let us not forget what it means to be a country that welcomes all and has protected the civil liberties. As we look and hear about things like the Muslim registry or building walls, would those brave men of the Greatest Generation really think they fought for that? Is that what they want this country to become? I contend that they do not. On this day, Mr. Speaker, as we honor those who gave that ultimate sacrifice, let us not forget why we are the greatest country on the face of this Earth and why they are the Greatest Generation. 
f 
DROUGHT: HUMAN IMPACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the real human impact that the drought has had on families across California’s San Joa-quin Valley. This drought has lasted for 6 years. Tomorrow, the House will have an opportunity to vote on legislation that will help address the impacts of the drought and begin to repair a broken water system that we have in Cali-fornia today. I hope more than any-thing that we can get the legislation across the finish line, but it seems that some of my colleagues in the House and the Senate remain unconvinced that a solution is necessary. I tell you that a solution is necessary and we are working on borrowed time. I would like to take the opportunity to dispel that misconception. The pic-ture next to me here is Mr. and Mrs. Cabrera from Madera, California. I rep-resent these constituents. As you will notice, they look happy. The reason they look happy is because, when I had the pleasure of meeting with them that day, they found out that they had re-ceived a Federal resource grant to dig a new well in their backyard. Two years prior to that day, their well had gone completely dry. For my colleagues who do not rep-resent the rural constituencies across this country or in California, that means for 2 years the Cabrera family could not turn their faucet on to get water to bathe or cook. Instead, they went outside to haul buckets of water into their house. A 2,500-gallon tank in their backyard was where they got the water from. Some families are even less fortunate and had to have water trucked into their neighborhoods. Also, pictured next to them is Juana Garcia. Juana lives in East Porterville. She was featured in a Fresno Bee story last year. Her family and 700 house-holds in East Porterville have no water. This photo illustrates the deliv-ery of nonpotable water to Ms. Garcia and her family. They walk to the local church several times a week so they can take a shower. The Cabrera and Garcia families rep-resent the faces of thousands of fami-lies throughout the Valley who don’t have water and don’t have a long-term plan to get water. They have been im-pacted. Farmers, farm workers, and farm communities throughout the San Joa-quin Valley have been impacted as well. Without water, hundreds and thousands of acres of productive ag land have gone fallow. That means they are not planted. Without planting, that means no jobs and no water. Un-employment, in many of these Valley farming communities, is in the double digits and at an all-time high. While a California drought relief bill will not resolve every single challenge we face in the Valley and in Califor-nia’s broken water system, it will pro-vide some relief to help these suffering families. To my colleagues in California and elsewhere who think that the language in the WRDA bill is a poison pill, I say it is not. This is important to help solve the problems of the people in this Valley to ensure that more Valley fam-ilies do not become the victims of pol-luted water and dry wells. This is not a poison pill. You should not look at it that way. It is wrong. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House and the Senate to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.018 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7284 December 7, 2016 
this legislation and act swiftly, not only on the behalf of the people of the San Joaquin Valley but Flint, Michi-gan, and the others who will benefit in the very important WRDA bill that will be before us tomorrow. Time is of the essence. The drought- stricken community in California, es-pecially in the San Joaquin Valley, and others who are impacted by very im-portant and needed efforts that Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN and others have put to-gether as part of the WRDA bill, a bi-partisan bill that Congressman M
CCAR-
THY has worked on, should be passed tomorrow. Do the right thing before Christmas. 
f 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST IN TRUMP ADMINISTRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a strong recommendation that President-elect Trump address im-mediately and put to rest the over-whelming conflicts of interest that abound with his personal business af-fairs that threaten to undermine the public interest and destabilize his fu-ture administration. When America’s Founding Fathers wrote the Emoluments Clause in our Constitution, their firm intention was to insulate our new government from unethical foreign inducement to our elected officials and corruption attend-ant to the intertwining of Europe’s pol-itics with our own. b1130 So reads our Constitution, Article I. Article I, right at the beginning, Sec-tion 9, clause 8: ‘‘No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States’’—that means we don’t coronate kings here—‘‘And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept any present, Emolu-ment, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever from any King, Prince, or for-eign State.’’ No elected official in this country is above the Constitution, the law of the land. This is the strict, time-tested standard, ethical standard to which the President and Congress and all senior government appointees are held. Unfortunately, American history has no shortage of examples of Presidents and senior officials who attempted to skirt this ethical standard outside of appropriate channels, and they paid the price: Ulysses S. Grant’s Whiskey Ring, or Warren G. Harding’s Teapot Dome, or Richard Nixon’s Jewel Scan-dal or Watergate, to name a few. Each represents an instance of improper gifting, self-dealing, and an array of clandestine and illegal activities, of which President-elect Trump would be wise to reflect upon their con-sequences. There have been many suggestions offered to the President-elect on what he should do to clear up such potential conflicts about his foreign invest-ments, contacts, and his vast private wealth that could compromise his posi-tion as President; yet President-elect Trump’s advisers keep us waiting and dodging the main question. He, himself, has said that action is not legally required. He is wrong. He also incorrectly asserts there can be no conflict of interest for a President. His-tory shows that is false. Without separation of his private in-terests from his public interests, how will the American people know he is acting fairly and impartially in his ap-pointments to regulatory agencies, for example? or his funding recommenda-tions of budgets and departments that could impact his investments? Or how about the contracts that are let by the Federal Government itself? How will he work with banks, and which ones, nation-state-owned or for-eign, that have loaned him and his as-sociates money? Who will he be appointing to key reg-ulatory positions that could impact his vast financial interests across many continents? A former Reform Party Vice Presi-dential candidate opined on the Huff-ington Post site that Mr. Trump has three options to address his conflicts of interest: Number one, to place his company and assets into a true blind trust, su-pervised by a totally independent enti-ty; Number two, to persuade the GOP- controlled Congress to enact a law that exempts the President from the Emolu-ment Provision, which I would vote against; or Number three, to resign, or risk im-peachment. As the Office of Government Ethics advised, only a true divestiture of his financial stake in his sprawling and global business dealings will resolve ethical concerns about conflicts of in-terest as he assumes the role of Presi-dent of the United States. Now, this map gives you a sense of some of his interests that he has ac-knowledged in some of his filings, of 144 companies in 25 different countries. We don’t know what these relation-ships are. He has a sprawling global business empire, and the list includes countries with strained diplomatic ties to the United States. As the President, his responsibilities will force him to make decisions on foreign policy and tax policy, for exam-ple, that will impact these significant business interests. Only a truly com-plete removal of his ownership can as-sure the American people that his Presidential actions and political deci-sions are not motivated by personal fi-nancial interests. Even then, suspicion will arise about every move he makes and be subject to prosecution. In the 3 weeks since his election, President-elect Trump has held meet-ings and calls with foreign dignitaries, Prime Ministers, and Presidents in his official capacity as President-elect. That is normal. What is not normal or appropriate, though, is for the public to hear afterwards that his adult chil-dren, who are slated to take over the family business, were also present. The American public is well aware that the Trump team has a steep learn-ing curve in understanding his role, the operation and legal allowances of our Federal Government, and he has a long way to go in separating his personal fi-nancial interests from his public finan-cial interests. I can’t say in strong enough terms we do need to have his tax filings on record, and we do need to have clarification for the American people that our Constitution must pre-vail. No public official—no public offi-cial—is exempt from the law of the land, and the highest law is the Con-stitution of the United States. He must separate himself from his business dealings. 
f 
ST. XAVIER FOOTBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, December 2, my alma mater, St. Xavier High School in Cincinnati, Ohio, beat the odds in a true underdog story and won the Ohio high school Di-vision I football State championship. They join the St. Xavier water polo team as State champs this year as well. Through a tough regular season schedule, the St. X Bombers went into the final regular season game with a record of 4 and 5, needing one more win to make it to the playoffs, and they were losing at halftime. They won and went on to win five more times, ulti-mately beating a tough Cleveland Saint Ignatius team, in front of 13,000 people at Ohio Stadium, to win the State championship. In one of the most thrilling high school football games, St. X won 27–20 in double overtime. In fact, three of the five playoff victories were won in over-time. In a historic year, St. X became the first team in Ohio high school athletic history to lose five regular season games and then go on to win the State championship. The 2016 football season can teach us all something about perse-verance and never giving up. I would like to congratulate the St. Xavier players, Coach Steve Specht, and his staff, for their hard work and dedication. This win adds to a long his-tory of sportsmanship and commit-ment on the field at St. Xavier High School. Go Bombers. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. BEN CARSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.020 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7285 December 7, 2016 
South Carolina (Mr. W ILSON ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that President- elect Donald Trump has appointed Dr. Ben Carson to serve as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, where he will promote opportunity for success for everyone. President-elect Trump announced: ‘‘Ben Carson has a brilliant mind and is passionate about strengthening com-munities and families within those communities . . . Ben shares my opti-mism about the future of our country and is part of ensuring that this is a Presidency representing all Ameri-cans.’’ Dr. Carson knows that there is power in education and hard work. He earned a full scholarship to Yale University, received his doctorate from the Univer-sity of Michigan, and then, at just age 33, became the director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins. With his dear wife, Candy, he started the Carson Scholars Fund, a valuable national scholarship program to em-power students from all backgrounds to strive for academic excellence and community service. Our Nation is fortunate that Dr. Ben Carson has been nominated to this im-portant position, and I am confident in his future success for American fami-lies. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 9/11 was the Pearl Harbor of our era, being a surprise attack on our civiliza-tion. President-elect Donald Trump, with Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, will lead us to victory to protect Amer-ican families. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 38 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. On this day 75 years ago, our Nation was attacked, and war was visited upon our people. In so many places in our world, war rages still. May all leaders be empowered to work toward lasting peace, with the help of Your grace. We ask also this day for wisdom, pa-tience, and understanding among the Members of this people’s House. Give them the generosity of heart, and the courage of true leadership, to work as true statesmen and women, toward a common solution to the many issues facing our Nation. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. Mr. BARTON led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. EDUARDO J. PADRON ON RECEIVING THE PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREE-DOM (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Dr. Eduardo Padron, president of my alma mater, Miami Dade College, for receiv-ing the Presidential Medal of Freedom. As a fellow refugee who escaped the Castro regime, I was honored to help lead the effort to nominate Dr. Padron for this meritorious recognition. He has always made it his life’s work to advocate on behalf of underserved pop-ulations. Through his expert guidance and leadership, Dr. Padron has propelled Miami Dade College into national prominence by improving student ac-cess, retention, and graduation, as well as helping them with their professional achievements. Today, MDC enrolls and graduates more minority students than any other institution of higher education in the country. Congratulations to Dr. Padron on re-ceiving our Nation’s highest civilian honor. South Florida and the MDC community could not be more proud of you. 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, my heart is in Hawaii today. At almost this exact time, on this very day 75 years ago, the first bombs were dropped in the attack on Pearl Harbor. More than 2,400 people perished on that fate-ful day that will forever live in infamy. We remember our brothers and sis-ters who paid the ultimate price and those who answered the call to serve in the months and years that followed, in-cluding our two former Senators Inouye and Akaka, and the more than 320,000 who gave their lives in that war. We remember the Japanese Ameri-cans whose lives were forever changed when, after the attack on Pearl Har-bor, were thrown into internment camps; and the brave nisei who, in spite of these atrocities, volunteered to serve, forming the nisei-only ‘‘Go for Broke’’ 442nd Infantry Regiment, serv-ing courageously and sacrificing great-ly. May we never forget what happened at Pearl Harbor, the lessons learned, and the sacrifices of all who served. f 
HONORING NED RANDOLPH (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a faithful public serv-ant of Louisiana, Mr. Edward Gordon Randolph, Jr., better known as Ned, who passed away October 4, 2016, at the age of 74. Ned was a political force in Lou-isiana. He served in the Louisiana House of Representatives, the Lou-isiana Senate, and served as mayor of his hometown, the great city of Alex-andria, Louisiana. Ned served in that capacity for over 20 years, and he had many, many ac-complishments in that job. Among those was the opening of the Alexan-dria Riverfront Center, and advocating for the transition from England Air Force Base to England Airpark, which is still in existence. He revitalized that entire city and left behind a legacy of great, great success. So, again, just a tribute to Ned Ran-dolph. He will be missed. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 75th anniversary of the trag-ic attacks on Pearl Harbor. It is a day we reflect to remember over 2,400 Americans whose lives we lost that morning. Today I especially remember Army Corporal Earl Wickett, a south Buffalo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.022 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7286 December 7, 2016 
native, who was stationed at Pearl Harbor on the day of the attacks. Mr. Wickett went on to fight on behalf of our Nation for over 4 years. Following his tour, he returned home to western New York, raised a family, and continued to serve his community as a Buffalo firefighter. Unfortunately, Mr. Wickett is no longer with us, passing away a few years ago, but his stories and acts of bravery live on. Today I join all Americans in remem-bering those who paid the ultimate price at Pearl Harbor and those who sought and seek to protect our freedom here and throughout the world. This Nation is always grateful for those like Mr. Wickett, for their bravery, dedica-tion, and selfless service. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FAIRFIELD AREA HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS’ SOC-CER TEAM (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I proudly honor my constituents, the Fairfield Area High School girls’ soccer team, for earning the PIAA 1A cham-pionship. These young women have brought home the first State team sports title in Fairfield’s history. The Green Knights defeated District 7 champion, Shady Side, in a 9–4 vic-tory, at Hersheypark Stadium, on No-vember 18, 2016. The Green Knights fin-ished the season with a 25–1 record and scored 27 goals in four State playoff games, including two nine-goal per-formances. For a team from a small community, the Green Knights had an army of loyal supporters. I extend my congratulations to the team, to the head coach, Phomma Phanhthy, and the school officials, family, and friends who supported these young women on this incredible journey. We are all so very proud of you. 
f 
RESPONSIBILITIES OF PUBLIC SERVANTS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise to acknowledge the fallen on this day, December 7, at Pearl Harbor, the day of infamy, and offer to them our greatest admiration and gratitude. Our prayers continue to be with their ongoing families. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to speak about the responsibilities of pub-lic servants. To my knowledge, Air Force One does not belong to any particular Pres-idency, regardless of party. Therefore, any attempt to ensure the techno-logical sophistication and the quality of that aircraft should be left to the de-cisionmakers who have the responsi-bility of protecting the President of the United States or, in essence, those who have the responsibility of gov-erning the United States military, which includes the Congress and, cer-tainly, our Pentagon. I am concerned when the incoming person that will take the oath of office begins to abuse the process and sug-gests that this is too costly and that this company—Boeing, in particular— should be undermined. Our job is to create and save jobs, not to destroy jobs. Our job also, Mr. Speaker, is to protect the President of the United States; and that kind of in-terference, uninformed, should be stopped immediately. f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, to remember, in particular, the recognition of one of the survivors we still have with us, David Edward Callahan, a great north-ern California veteran who put his life on the line to serve in the United States Navy at a time when the world was on fire. Less than 4 months after he reported to the U.S. naval training station in San Diego at the age of 16—he fibbed a little on his application—Mr. Callahan soon would be standing to colors aboard the USS New Orleans when the drone of the first Japanese aircraft was heard that morning at Pearl Harbor. It would only be the start of his serv-ice to us in the U.S. For 6 years, he would fight the Japanese in almost every major battle of the Pacific war as a combat swimmer, which later be-came known as the Navy SEALs, from Guadalcanal to Iwo Jima, where he was awarded a Purple Heart. On behalf of the First District of California, we want to show our grati-tude to Mr. Callahan because his serv-ice didn’t end there. Later on in the Pacific nuclear proving grounds, he used his diving skills there to see how that would work in the nuclear testing that was going on at that time. He has never stopped serving. He has never been less than an inspiration for all of us. He will be taking part in Pearl Harbor ceremonies today. We are glad to have him, and we are proud to have him as an American. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. It was a defining moment in our Nation’s history, and, as has been said, a day that will live in infamy. The events of Pearl Harbor dem-onstrated the resolve of the American people and our Armed Forces. It is a day when we honor those who gave their lives in the defense of this coun-try, but also honor those who have saved lives of others during this trag-edy. Petty Officer Doris ‘‘Dorie’’ Miller, from my hometown of Waco, was one such individual who went above and be-yond the call of duty in defense of this country and his fellow Americans. Dorie Miller is widely recognized as a hero after the attack on Pearl Harbor for his remarkable courage when his ship, the USS West Virginia, came under attack by the Japanese. In the face of imminent danger, he assisted his ship’s commander, who was mortally wounded, to safety. He then reportedly manned a .50-caliber anti- aircraft machine gun to shoot down at least 3 of the 29 Japanese planes that went down that day. Mr. Speaker, ever since I have been a Member of Congress, I have worked time and time again to get Dorie Mil-ler awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. Yet, today he is left with still the Navy Cross. It is time we honor the unheard sacrifices of our men and women in uniform and award Dorie Miller the Congressional Medal of Honor. f 
WHY THE CONSTITUTION IS IMPORTANT (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, the United States of America is a nation of laws, where the government derives its lim-ited powers from ‘‘We the People,’’ the consenting governed. Since 1789, the Constitution has served as our country’s legal founda-tion. Its wisdom is timeless. And just as George Washington called the Con-stitution the guide he would never abandon, we won’t abandon it either or try to tinker unnecessarily with its brilliance. Thanks to the foresight of the Con-stitution’s Framers, their under-standing of government overreach, and their grasp of human nature, we have an abiding document that checks the power of the Federal Government and protects the rights of individual citi-zens. It is genius in its brevity, in its en-durance, and in its aforethought to limit and separate the governing pow-ers established therein. As a Member of Congress, it is an honor and sacred duty to protect and uphold the Constitution. 
f 
b1215 FBI AND WALL STREET (Mr. PASCRELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.024 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7287 December 7, 2016 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I wrote to FBI Director James Comey in September and requested the materials related to the FBI’s investigations into the 2008 financial crisis. E
LIZABETH  W
ARREN joined me in this request, which we made as a result of the prece-dent the FBI established in a high-pro-file case involving a Secretary of State’s emails. In citing ‘‘intense pub-lic interest’’ and ‘‘the interest of trans-parency,’’ the FBI saw fit to provide extensive testimony to Congress and hundreds of pages of documents that gave context to its decision not to prosecute. It has been 8 years since casino-style bets and a culture of fraud on Wall Street crashed our economy and caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs and their homes; yet no top executives were charged with crimes, and many Americans have a gnawing sense that justice has not been served. As of today, I have not received one word. The DOJ has obtained financial set-tlements from major institutions, like Citigroup and Bank of America. The American public has a clear in-terest and stake in understanding why the FBI did not pursue charges against the recommendations of its own com-mission. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE KEYSTONE LITTLE LEAGUE TEAM (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Pennsylvania State Little League champions, the Keystone Little League team, from Clinton County, Pennsyl-vania. Today, I had the privilege of hosting them for a Capitol tour, and they currently join me from the House Gallery. The team had a remarkable 2016 sea-son, claiming their district and sec-tional titles before winning the state-wide championship for Pennsylvania. As the Pennsylvania champions, they made an impressive run in the regional playoffs and came just one game short of representing the mid-Atlantic region in the Little League World Series. Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District has a rich history of great Lit-tle League players and teams, and this year’s Keystone team continues that legacy. They join greats such as Spe-cialist Ross A. McGinnis, a Medal of Honor winner and Little League Hall of Excellence inductee, and the 2011 Mid- Atlantic Little League World Series team, also the former Keystone team, which also hailed from Clinton County. In keeping with this tradition, Key-stone made their region proud through their love and dedication to America’s favorite pastime—baseball. Congratu-lations to the players and coaches on such a great run. CONTINUING RESOLUTION: NYPD REIMBURSEMENT FOR PRESI-DENT-ELECT DONALD TRUMP (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep disappointment in the continuing resolution that was released last night. The $7 million appropriated to reim-burse New York City for costs incurred to provide security for President-elect Trump and his family was a mere frac-tion of the $35 million requested by the city and the police department. The security efforts involved are un-precedented, and it is totally unfair to ask New York City taxpayers alone to pay for these costs. This is the second busiest intersection, not in New York City, not in New York State, but in the entire country. Over 10,000 residents per hour cross at 57th and 5th. It is a security challenge personified. Because of this budget’s failure, New Yorkers are now being forced to pro-vide a no-interest loan to the Federal Government and have no guarantee of being paid back. This is a terrible deal. Securing the President-elect is a national security priority, and it must be paid for by the Federal Government. f 
COMMENDING PRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP’S PHONE CALL TO PRESI-DENT TSAI (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise for two reasons today. First, I honor the life of my father, Larry L. Barton. He died on this date, December 7, 1996. He was a World War II veteran and a B–24 Liberator navi-gator. He was based in Italy and flew 40 combat missions over Central Europe. I also rise to commend President- elect Trump for his phone call to the President of Taiwan, President Tsai. Taiwan is a friend of the United States. We recognized Taiwan from the late 1940s to 1972. We then recognized Main-land China but maintained diplomatic relationships with Taiwan until 1978. President-elect Trump was right to make a phone call to President Tsai. They are a friend of the United States. In my opinion, there is no reason we can’t have diplomatic relations with both nations. I am told that President Tsai is going to come through Texas in the fall on her way to Guatemala. I will welcome her if that trip occurs and will try to give her the hospitality that she gave me when I visited her great nation last month. A phone call is a phone call, Mr. Speaker. I commend the President- elect for calling President Tsai. I hope this means a warming of a relationship with Taiwan. JOSIE AND ROLLIE HEATH (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we know it is truly a privi-lege to serve because of the people we serve. Today, I want to acknowledge two very special constituents of mine who are retiring this year. Josie and Rollie Heath are beloved members of the community in Boulder, Colorado. The pair moved to Boulder, Colorado, in the 1970s, where their family and love grew alongside their history of public service. In a recent newspaper article, Josie said that people say to her: Oh, now that you are retiring, you can do what you want to do. And she thinks: Well, I have been doing what I want to do. This month, Josie retired after 20 years as the head of The Community Foundation Boulder County. Prior to that, she was a county commissioner, and she served in the Carter and Clin-ton administrations. When I was 15 years old, I volunteered on her United States Senate race in 1990. Early next month, Rollie Heath, a 23- year veteran of the Army, is retiring as a State Senator. Prior to the legisla-ture, he had a career in international business and founded the Rocky Moun-tain World Trade Center. For Rollie and Josie, their jobs weren’t simply about the work they did. They were about building commu-nity. Both served on so many boards and advocated for so many just causes. Above all, they have remained true to themselves as purveyors of progress in all that they do. I am honored not only to be their Congressman but to be their friend. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I congratulate them on their life’s work, and I look forward to joining them in future ad-ventures. 
f 
CAPTAIN WILLIAM M. PETERSON (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Captain William M. Peterson of Richland, Washington, who was recently inducted into the Wall of Gallantry in the Hall of Heroes at the United States Coast Guard Academy. While serving as an aircraft com-mander with the Coast Guard in July of 1982, then-Lieutenant Peterson en-gaged in a perilous rescue of nine sur-vivors from an HC–130 that had crashed in bad weather on Attu Island, off the coast of Alaska. Flying in extremely hazardous conditions, with winds gust-ing up to 40 knots, and with visibility as low as 50 feet, Lieutenant Peterson inched his helicopter along the side of a mountain and transported nine sur-vivors back to safety over multiple trips from the crash site. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.026 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7288 December 7, 2016 
Captain Peterson demonstrated the highest forms of courage, judgment, and unwavering devotion to duty that day. I congratulate him on this much- deserved honor. I also offer my humble appreciation to Captain Peterson for serving on my Academy Nomination Board. Your heroic service is an inspiration to these future military leaders. 
f 
HONORING LINDA CHRISTLE (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Linda Christle, who is re-tiring as executive director of Eco-nomic Development Sedalia-Pettis County. She has faithfully served the commu-nity of Sedalia for the past 12 years. Throughout her tenure as executive di-rector, Linda has achieved many ac-complishments, including the creation of three enhanced enterprise zones, re-sulting in over 50 companies benefiting and growing their businesses in her community. Additionally, this past year, the community was able to com-plete its third strategic plan in 15 years. As a result, multiple task forces were established to enhance the com-munity, which also led to the eventual creation of the entrepreneurial pro-gram called 1 Million Cups. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to con-gratulate and to thank Linda Christle for her years of distinguished service in Sedalia and Pettis County. I am blessed to represent her in Congress, and I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
MEDIACRATS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we need a new word for the dictionary, a new term for the merger of the liberal media and the Democratic Party. Obviously, the liberal media have no intention of treating President-elect Trump objectively or fairly. They want to continue to link arms with the Democrats. This is no surprise, given that 96 percent of national reporters’ contributions went to Hillary Clinton. As chairman of the Media Fairness Caucus, here is my proposal: let’s com-bine the two words—‘‘media’’ and ‘‘Democrat’’—and go with ‘‘mediacrat.’’ It is short; it gives the media first mention; and it sounds like a new species. Now, I realize the liberal media is not likely to use this word ‘‘mediacrat’’ very often, but there are two reasons for them to do so—first, to show they have a sense of humor, and, second, to show they have a sense of humility. I think most Americans would be happy if the liberal media didn’t dis-play their bias every time they covered the President-elect. Maybe the mediacrats should try balanced report-ing. It surely would help their credi-bility. f 
FEDERAL IMMIGRATION LAW MUST BE ENFORCED (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, a dis-turbing trend has developed of leading universities in their promoting lawless-ness by refusing to comply with Fed-eral immigration law; so, today, I am introducing the Federal Immigration Law Compliance Act of 2016, with co-sponsors from California to New York to Florida. This act requires any entity that re-ceives Federal funds, including institu-tions of higher learning, to comply with all lawful requests made by Fed-eral immigration enforcement authori-ties. Should the entity refuse to com-ply with Federal immigration enforce-ment requests, all Federal funding can be withheld. For instance, the Univer-sity of Pennsylvania, which charges $51,000 tuition, despite its having an endowment of $10.7 billion, would stand to lose $700 million in Federal grants if they were to choose to continue their policy of not complying with Federal immigration law. Congress has the responsibility to protect the rule of law in our country and to provide for the safety of our citizens. The American people have spoken loudly in this past election that they want Federal immigration law en-forced. Shame on those universities that take Federal money and then pro-mote lawlessness. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5143, TRANSPARENT IN-SURANCE STANDARDS ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 9, 2016, THROUGH JANUARY 3, 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 944 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 944 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 5143) to provide greater transparency and congressional oversight of international insurance standards setting processes, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment rec-ommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-68 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services; (2) the further amendment printed in the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be separately debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. On any legislative day of the second session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress after December 8, 2016— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 4. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). S
EC. 5. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. S
EC. 6. It shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of December 8, 2016, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his des-ignee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
b1230 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 944 provides for consideration of H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016. The resolution provides for a structured rule. This leg-islation is an important effort to pro-tect the U.S. model of insurance super-vision, provide for improved oversight, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.027 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7289 December 7, 2016 
and keep the U.S. insurance industry strong and competitive. For over 150 years, individual States have successfully regulated insurance and coordinated their activities. This model has worked and ensured that the focus remains on the consumer. Well, when Congress passed the Dodd- Frank Act back in 2010, the Federal Government assumed a new role in the regulation of the insurance industry. This change included the creation of the Federal Insurance Office, otherwise known as FIO, and charged FIO with representing the interests of U.S. in-surers—not consumers, insurers—dur-ing the negotiation of any inter-national agreements. The change also allowed for both the FIO Director and the Federal Reserve to participate in an international orga-nization known as the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. Previously, insurance regulators from the individual States participated in the international discussions. Remem-ber, the State insurance regulators are there to protect consumers. The International Association of In-surance Supervisors is responsible for developing regulatory guidelines and best practices for insurance supervisors around the world to adopt. Europe and the United States have very different regulatory models for insurance. Recently, the European Union has developed a regulatory protocol known as Solvency II. Solvency II is signifi-cantly different from the successful State-based insurance regulatory sys-tem that has been successful in the U.S. for the last 150 years. The fear is that the International Association of Insurance Supervisors will adopt Sol-vency II as the gold standard, which would put U.S. insurers and consumers at a severe disadvantage. More alarming, the Treasury Depart-ment and the U.S. Trade Representa-tive are already engaged in negotia-tions with the European Union regard-ing a ‘‘covered agreement’’ over insur-ance regulations. If based on the Sol-vency II model, this could severely hurt the U.S. insurance industry and consumers. That is where our legislation comes in. The Transparent Insurance Stand-ards Act simply enhances Congress’ oversight of international delibera-tions relating to insurance standards. The bill sets reasonable requirements that must be met before the United States can agree to accept, establish, or enter into the adoption of any inter-national insurance standard. The same requirements would be followed throughout any negotiations over a covered agreement with the European Union. To be clear, this bill would not stop the international process. It simply will ensure that the United States is leading on the issues instead of being led by foreign governments. This bill also requires that the Fed-eral Insurance Office and the Federal Reserve report and testify before Con-gress at least twice a year about ongo-ing negotiations. I appreciate Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Chairman H
ENSARLING for their leader-ship on this very important issue, and I hope we can come together to pass this very important legislation. I just don’t understand why anyone would be opposed to greater congres-sional oversight over such an impor-tant issue. Adoption of these standards or entering into an agreement with the European Union could fundamentally alter the U.S. insurance industry and, yes, hurt consumers. It only makes sense for the democratically elected Congress to play a role in the process. This legislation is simply about im-proving oversight and protecting the State-based model of insurance regula-tion that has held up so well in our country over the last 150 years and has enjoyed wide, bipartisan support. Most importantly, this bill is about ensuring the concerns of the American people come first, not the worries of some for-eign government or group. I urge my colleagues to protect in-surance consumers across America by supporting House Resolution 944 and the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Ala-bama for yielding to me the customary 30 minutes for debate. I rise to debate the rule for consider-ation of H.R. 5143, the Transparent In-surance Standards Act of 2016. At best, this bill is unnecessary. At worst, it will harm our ability to reach vital international agreements to protect our financial system. Mr. Speaker, the 2008 financial crisis and the subsequent Great Recession was the worst financial disaster in our Nation’s history since the Great De-pression. Nearly 9 million Americans lost their jobs, doubling the unemploy-ment rate. More than 11 million Ameri-cans lost their homes to foreclosures. Home values dropped more than 30 per-cent. Our Nation lost more than $13 trillion in economic output. To put that in perspective, that is the equiva-lent of losing a year’s gross domestic product. From this disaster, we learned many lessons and passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Pro-tection Act to ensure that we are bet-ter able to prevent such a financial ca-lamity from occurring again. One lesson we learned was the signifi-cant risk posed to our financial system by potentially unstable, large, globally active insurance companies, as dem-onstrated by the near collapse of AIG. As a result, commonsense reforms to the insurance industry were put in place, including the creation of the Federal Insurance Office to coordinate Federal efforts, develop policy, and represent the United States in the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. This office, along with new authori-ties for the Federal Reserve and the Department of the Treasury, allow our regulators to work to ensure that our unique insurance regulatory regime provides stability in our financial sys-tem, both nationally and globally. Now, however, the majority seems to have forgotten the lessons of the 2008 financial crisis. Mr. Speaker, at best, this legislation is unnecessary. Under the guise of transparency, H.R. 5143 would require additional public notice and comment regarding potential agreements on international insurance standards. But such international agreements would only take effect domestically after reg-ulations were promulgated in accord-ance with U.S. law, which already in-cludes a notice and comment period. The transparency this bill is seeking is already enshrined in our rulemaking process. Then, at worst, this bill will harm U.S. negotiators by tying their hands and making setting workable insurance standards nearly impossible to achieve. Mr. Speaker, by requiring our nego-tiators to seek consensus positions with all 50 State insurance commis-sioners, this bill weakens the United States’ ability to work with other countries to improve the regulation of large global insurance companies. By placing unnecessary, counter-productive, and overly cumbersome re-porting and negotiating requirements on the Federal Reserve and Treasury, we will not be able to achieve the glob-al insurance stability we need to pre-vent future financial disasters. As we approach the end of the 114th Congress, I am dismayed to see that consideration of this bill is how the majority has decided we should spend what few precious legislative days re-main. I guess my dismay carries over from last night’s so-called impeach-ment consideration of the IRS Com-missioner, who will be gone from office by the time they could get through this process. I was pleased to see the chairman of the Judiciary Committee refer it to his committee, where I am sure it will die. It just seems that we get to this im-portant juncture and we find ourselves caught up in bumper sticker politics, as we have for most of the session of the 114th Congress. It appears that, in the final hours of this Congress, the majority is attempting to throw up roadblocks to prevent commonsense fi-nancial regulations aimed at pre-venting large insurance companies from once again threatening the sta-bility of our economy. The American people—all of them, Republican and Democrat—deserve bet-ter. Assuredly, we can anticipate that if this measure were to become law— and I predict it won’t—but if it were to become law, then I can see us, at some point, faced with another serious finan-cial crisis. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.030 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7290 December 7, 2016 
I have listened to my colleague from Florida’s remarks, and I certainly un-derstand the concern that we all have with the aftermath of the Great Reces-sion of 2008. But there are many of us who believe that the Dodd-Frank law, which contains the provision that we are trying to affect here, really did things that went way outside of what we should have been doing to try to prevent another recession from hap-pening again. How does ceding control over the U.S. insurance market to foreign gov-ernments and groups help our economy or help prevent a future recession? How does a bill like the underlying bill, that protects consumers and provides con-gressional oversight, hurt our econ-omy? How does that not help our econ-omy, help the consumers? b1245 This bill is necessary because the United States faces losing control over our insurance that is so very important to everybody in the United States of America. My colleague talked about State in-surance departments. One thing we have seen these last several years is a steady effort to take power away from State governments, which is, frankly, contrary to the intent of our Constitu-tion. Our State governments do very im-portant things, like they are the pri-mary providers for public education. But they are also the primary regu-lators for insurance, and they have done a good job of that. We have 150 years of experience with that. We have bipartisan support for that. Why would we be taking power away from them? Why isn’t continuing to allow them to have that power and utilize it as each State sees fit, why isn’t that a good thing? Finally, my colleague talked about how, at the end of this Congress, we are doing bumper sticker things. Well, I believe that passing, with a huge bipar-tisan vote, the National Defense Au-thorization Act last week was a good thing. If that is a bumper sticker, I want that bumper sticker. We passed, last week, the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act that I really believe is going to save lives. If that is a bumper sticker, I want that bumper sticker. And I predict on the floor tomorrow we are going to take a WRDA bill for everybody in the United States that is going to enhance the well-being of peo-ple all over this country. That is an-other bumper sticker I will be happy to have on my car. So I appreciate my colleague’s re-marks. He knows the tremendous re-spect that I have for him, but I respect-fully disagree with the premise for his arguments. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My colleague from Alabama and I do have mutual respect for each other, and I agree with him the three meas-ures that he cited, and I can cite others during the course of the 114th that were substantive legislation that right-ly we should have bipartisan support for and did, and I agree with him that the WRDA bill will be one that we could equally wear proudly on our bumper stickers. The point that I was making was that we spent a good portion of the 114th Congress, number one, doing nothing. We didn’t even make any bumper stickers because we weren’t here that often to undertake to do any-thing. At the very same time, many of the things that we did fell in the cat-egory, at least as I perceive it, of being bumper sticker measures: 60-plus times repealing the Affordable Care Act, knowing full well that the sitting President was not going to sign any-thing, so all we did it for was for cer-tain people to have talking points. Now, we are entitled; that is a part of what politics is. But make no mistake about it: we did a lot of bumper sticker legislation in the last session because a lot of it went nowhere, and a lot of it was done during a period that we should have been about the business of substantive legislation. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up a bill that would close a tax loophole that rewards companies for moving jobs overseas and would, instead, pro-vide a tax credit for companies that move jobs back to the United States. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), the bill’s sponsor and my good friend, to discuss our pro-posal. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule. In the waning days of the 114th Con-gress, here we are debating a bill once again to roll back Wall Street reforms. This is what it comes down to. How tone deaf can we be? Here is a news flash: the whole country is fo-cused on defending blue-collar jobs, bolstering our industrial manufac-turing base. Folks are zoned in on that, focused on that issue. So we need to stop outsourcing now. This Congress should start by defeat-ing the previous question and bringing up the Bring Jobs Home Act. Around 5 million United States manufacturing jobs have been lost since 1994, good- paying jobs. Their loss has led to a somewhat demise of the middle class in America. Just ask folks in places like Ohio and Pennsylvania, who have seen steel mills and rubber factories shipped overseas. My hometown of Paterson, New Jersey, was formerly the hub of the textile manufacturing industry, which no longer exists. So why are we subsidizing it? Why are we subsidizing American companies to move to other shores? That is what we are doing. Right now, when compa-nies move overseas, they can take a tax deduction for the cost of the move. That is a huge tax break. How do we defend it and why do we defend it? So the bill that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ) referred to eliminates this tax deduction and gives a tax credit of up to 20 percent of the cost of moving businesses, bringing businesses back to the United States of America through U.S. companies. That seems to me to make more sense. Why are we paying folks to leave when we could be paying them to get back into this country? I don’t know how you disagree with that. The companies would have to add jobs to claim the tax credit. That is the caveat. I think it works. I ask you to consider it. Let’s stop subsidizing com-panies that ship jobs overseas and start bringing jobs back to our shores. Let’s stop talking about it. Let’s do some-thing about it. Mr. Speaker, it doesn’t get much simpler than that. This is not a new idea at all. Presi-dent Obama and the Democrats in Con-gress have raised this bill for years, and the Republican Congress has blocked the bill at every turn. Senator S
TABENOW of Michigan leads this bill in the Senate, where it cleared a proce-dural vote 93–7 in 2014. I challenge you today to take up and pass the bill, to stand up for American manufacturing and the workers here at home who need help. Don’t be all talk. Step up to the plate. Take a stand where it counts. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question so we can bring up the Bring Jobs Home Act and start bringing jobs back to the United States of America, the greatest country in the world. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This bill, the underlying bill, has nothing to do with Wall Street and ev-erything to do with consumers, so I re-spectfully disagree with my colleague from New Jersey. I know that it would be good for them to try to characterize this bill as something having to do with Wall Street, but it really has to do with you and me and the average people in this country. I listened to his remarks about his proposal regarding doing things to try to keep American companies from going abroad and doing everything we can to attract other companies abroad, whether they are U.S. based or not, to come back here. That sounds a whole lot like what President-elect Trump is saying, and I think it is pretty clear that that is going to be a big priority for him when we come back in Janu-ary. Now, we had been talking about tax reform here in this House, and there is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.031 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7291 December 7, 2016 
a proposal moving forward that is com-prehensive that will not only provide the appropriate incentives for Amer-ican companies to stay here, but also provide incentives for companies that are in other countries to come here and provide jobs for the American people, which is really what this is all about. Our tax reform proposal would actu-ally lower tax rates for everybody in America, and we should be about that as well. Instead, our friends on the other side of the aisle, every time we talk about tax reform, they want to stick some tax increases in there. The American people don’t want a tax increase. They are tired of tax in-creases. They are tired of the over-extension of the Federal Government, and they are tired of ceding control over things in America to inter-national governments and groups. What the underlying bill does is it keeps control over our domestic insur-ance market here in America and doesn’t give that control, doesn’t give any of that authority to people in other countries. I listened with interest to the re-marks that were just made. I am look-ing forward to President-elect Trump being President Trump so that we can have a comprehensive approach to keeping American businesses here and attracting more businesses here for more jobs. I believe that is exactly what we are going to see during this very exciting year to come. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. As my friend from Alabama knows, we are currently debating the rule. This is a tool used to set the House’s agenda and to prioritize consideration of legislation. For that very reason, this is, in fact, the appropriate time for us to explain to the American people what legislation we would like to prioritize and what agenda we would like to pursue in this House. That is why we have a previous question. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman will also be pleased to learn that our amend-ment does not prevent the House from considering the majority’s bill. Our amendment simply allows the House to consider our bill as well. As Mr. P
AS-
CRELL pointed out, it is not as if this isn’t something that hasn’t been brought up for the last 2 years; and therefore, I join the gentleman in his excitement about the possibilities going forward of us being able to ad-dress this legislation, but now is the time that we can do it if we were to vote the previous question as re-quested. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me reit-erate that the bill before us is unneces-sary; it is a waste of valuable time; and if it were ever to be enacted into law, which I predict it won’t, it would be harmful to our country’s fiscal well- being. Let me go back and put a caveat there. It won’t become the law in the 114th session. It may very well pass the 115th session. We need to protect and wisely con-tinue to implement commonsense regu-lations and oversight passed in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis to en-sure it doesn’t happen again. I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule and the underlying measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. In closing, I want to go back to some remarks I made at the very beginning. No one wants to see a repeat of the Great Recession. It harmed everybody in this country. But in response to it, by passing the Dodd-Frank law, which this provision is going to try to affect, we essentially took a liberal grab bag of ideas that have been hanging around for years and just threw it into a bill and then tried to pretend that some-how that was going to have something to do with preventing a future reces-sion. b1300 Virtually everything that is in the Dodd-Frank law has nothing to do with preventing a future recession, and the particular provision that we are talk-ing about with the underlying bill has nothing to do with preventing a future recession. What it does do is take the bill we have right now—not the under-lying bill but the law we have right now—and take authority away from the American people. We have sat back the last several years and watched this administration go through negotiation and agreement after agreement that were bad for the American people. My colleague and I have agreed over and over again that the Iran deal was a bad deal for the American people. So why would we continue to cede control to foreign gov-ernments and groups? I think the election that we just had was, in part, about taking control of our country back—taking it back from Federal overreach and taking it back from ceding authority to people in other countries. This bill, the underlying bill that this rule deals with, gets that author-ity back for the American people and gets the control back to the States, where it has been successful for 150 years. That is what is good for the American people, and that is why we have chosen to bring this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, I, again, urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 944 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 944 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC7. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2963) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage do-mestic insourcing and discourage foreign outsourcing. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 8. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 2963. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the lime will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.033 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7292 December 7, 2016 
then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 7, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 7, 2016, at 12:24 p.m.: Appointments: United States-China Economic Security Review Commission Virgin Islands of the United States Centen-nial Commission With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. INDIAN EMPLOYMENT, TRAINING AND RELATED SERVICES CON-SOLIDATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 329) to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Serv-ices Demonstration Act of 1992 to fa-cilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Fed-eral sources, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 329 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT OF SHORT TITLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401 note; 106 Stat. 2302) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This Act may be cited as the ‘Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992’.’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in law to the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Re-lated Services Demonstration Act of 1992’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992’’. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
Section 2 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The purposes of this Act are to demonstrate how Indian tribal govern-ments can’’ and inserting ‘‘The purpose of this Act is to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes and tribal organizations to’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘from diverse Federal sources’’ after ‘‘they provide’’; (3) by striking ‘‘and serve tribally-deter-mined’’ and inserting ‘‘, and serve tribally determined’’; and (4) by inserting ‘‘, while reducing adminis-trative, reporting, and accounting costs’’ after ‘‘policy of self-determination’’. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3402), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The terms ‘Indian tribe’ and ‘tribe’ have the meaning given the term ‘Indian tribe’ in section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ includes tribal organizations (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)).’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means a program described in section 5(a).’’. 
SEC. 5. INTEGRATION OF SERVICES AUTHORIZED. 
Section 4 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3403), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 4. INTEGRATION OF SERVICES AUTHOR-IZED. 
‘‘The Secretary shall, after approving a plan submitted by an Indian tribe in accord-ance with section 8, authorize the Indian tribe to, in accordance with the plan— ‘‘(1) integrate the programs and Federal funds received by the Indian tribe in accord-ance with waiver authority granted under section 7(d); and ‘‘(2) coordinate the employment, training, and related services provided with those funds in a consolidated and comprehensive tribal plan.’’. 
SEC. 6. PROGRAMS AFFECTED AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
Section 5 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3404), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 5. PROGRAMS AFFECTED. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAMS AFFECTED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The programs that may be integrated pursuant to a plan approved under section 8 shall be only programs— ‘‘(A) implemented for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) job training; ‘‘(ii) welfare to work and tribal work expe-rience; ‘‘(iii) creating or enhancing employment opportunities; ‘‘(iv) skill development; ‘‘(v) assisting Indian youth and adults to succeed in the workforce; ‘‘(vi) encouraging self-sufficiency; ‘‘(vii) familiarizing individual participants with the world of work; ‘‘(viii) facilitating the creation of job op-portunities; ‘‘(ix) economic development; or ‘‘(x) any services related to the activities described in clauses (i) through (x); and ‘‘(B) under which an Indian tribe or mem-bers of an Indian tribe— ‘‘(i) are eligible to receive funds— ‘‘(I) under a statutory or administrative formula making funds available to an Indian tribe; or ‘‘(II) due to their status as Indians under Federal law; or ‘‘(ii) have secured funds as a result of a competitive process, a noncompetitive proc-ess, or a specific designation. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF BLOCK GRANT FUNDS .— For purposes of this section, programs fund-ed by block grant funds provided to an In-dian tribe, regardless of whether the block grant is for the benefit of the Indian tribe be-cause of the status of the Indian tribe or the status of the beneficiaries the grant serves, shall be eligible to be integrated into the plan. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec- retary shall, in cooperation with the Attor-ney General, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Energy, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Transportation, and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, after the Secretary approves a plan submitted by an Indian tribe or tribal organization under section 8, authorize the Indian tribe or tribal organization, as appli-cable, to coordinate, in accordance with the plan, federally funded employment, training, and related services programs and funding in a manner that integrates the programs and funding into a consolidated and comprehen-sive program.’’. 
SEC. 7. PLAN REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 6 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.006 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7293 December 7, 2016 
U.S.C. 3405), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6. PLAN REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘A plan submitted to the Secretary for ap-proval under this Act shall— ‘‘(1) identify the programs to be integrated and consolidated; ‘‘(2) be consistent with the purposes of this Act; ‘‘(3) describe— ‘‘(A) a comprehensive strategy identifying the full range of potential employment op-portunities on and near the service area of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) the education, training, and related services to be provided to assist Indians to access those employment opportunities; ‘‘(C) the way in which services and pro-gram funds are to be integrated, consoli-dated, and delivered; and ‘‘(D) the results expected, including the ex-pected number of program participants in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from the program, from the plan; ‘‘(4) identify the projected expenditures under the plan in a single budget covering all consolidated funds; ‘‘(5) identify any agency of the Indian tribe to be involved in the delivery of the services integrated under the plan; ‘‘(6) identify any statutory provisions, reg-ulations, policies, or procedures that the In-dian tribe believes need to be waived to im-plement the plan; and ‘‘(7) be approved by the governing body of the Indian tribe.’’. 
SEC. 8. PLAN REVIEW; WAIVER AUTHORITY; AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
Section 7 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3406), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7 PLAN REVIEW. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Upon receipt of a plan from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall consult with— ‘‘(1) the head of each Federal agency over-seeing a program identified in the plan; and ‘‘(2) the Indian tribe that submitted the plan. ‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF WAIVERS .—The par- ties identified in subsection (a) shall identify any waivers of applicable statutory, regu-latory, or administrative requirements, or of Federal agency policies or procedures nec-essary to enable the Indian tribe to effi-ciently implement the plan. ‘‘(c) T
RIBAL WAIVER REQUEST .—In consulta-tion with the Secretary, a participating In-dian tribe may request that the head of each affected agency waive any statutory, regu-latory, or administrative requirement, pol-icy, or procedure identified subsection (b). ‘‘(d) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), notwithstanding any other provision of law, the head of each affected Federal agency shall waive any applicable statutory, regulatory, or administrative re-quirement, regulation, policy, or procedure promulgated by the agency that has been identified by the parties under subparagraph (b). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The head of an affected Federal agency shall not grant a waiver under paragraph (1) if the head of the af-fected agency determines that a waiver will be inconsistent with— ‘‘(A) the purposes of this Act; or ‘‘(B) the provision of law from which the program included in the plan derives its au-thority that is specifically applicable to In-dians. ‘‘(e) D
ECISION ON WAIVER REQUEST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the head of an affected agency receives a waiver request, the head of the affected agency shall decide whether to grant or deny the request. ‘‘(2) DENIAL OF REQUEST .—If the head of the affected agency denies a waiver request, not later than 30 days after the date on which the denial is made, the head of the affected agency shall provide the requesting Indian tribe and the Secretary with written notice of the denial and the reasons for the denial. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO ACT ON REQUEST .—If the head of an affected agency does not make a decision under paragraph (1) by the deadline identified in that paragraph, the request shall be considered to be granted. ‘‘(f) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW .—If the head of an affected agency denies a waiver request under subsection (e)(2), not later than 30 days after the date on which the request is denied, the Secretary shall review the denial and determine whether granting the waiv-er— ‘‘(1) will be inconsistent with the provi-sions of this Act; or ‘‘(2) will prevent the affected agency from fulfilling the obligations of the affected agency under this Act. ‘‘(g) I
NTERAGENCY DISPUTE RESOLUTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary deter-mines that granting the waiver will not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Act and will not prevent the affected agency from fulfilling the obligations of the affected agency under this Act, the Secretary shall establish and initiate an interagency dispute resolution process involving— ‘‘(A) the Secretary; ‘‘(B) the participating Indian tribe; and ‘‘(C) the head of the affected agency. ‘‘(2) D
URATION .—A dispute subject to para-graph (1) shall be resolved not later than 30 days after the date on which the process is initiated. ‘‘(h) F
INAL AUTHORITY .—If the dispute reso-lution process fails to resolve the dispute be-tween a participating Indian tribe and an af-fected agency, the head of the affected agen-cy shall have the final authority to resolve the dispute. ‘‘(i) F
INAL DECISION .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the dispute is resolved under this section, the Secretary shall provide the requesting Indian tribe with— ‘‘(1) the final decision on the waiver re-quest; and ‘‘(2) notice of the right to file an appeal in accordance with the applicable provisions described in section 8(d).’’. 
SEC. 9. PLAN APPROVAL; SECRETARIAL AUTHOR-ITY; REVIEW OF DECISION. 
Section 8 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3407), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8. PLAN APPROVAL; SECRETARIAL AU-THORITY; REVIEW OF DECISION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall have exclusive authority to approve or dis-approve a plan submitted by an Indian tribe in accordance with section 6. ‘‘(b) A
PPROVAL PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a plan, the Secretary shall, after co-ordinating with the Secretary of each Fed-eral agency providing funds to be used to im-plement the plan, approve or deny the plan. ‘‘(2) A
PPROVAL .—If the Secretary approves a plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall authorize the transfer of program funds identified in the plan in accordance with sec-tion 13. ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL .—If the Secretary denies the plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to the Indian tribe a written notifi-cation of disapproval of the plan that con-tains a specific finding that clearly dem-onstrates, or that is supported by a control-ling legal authority, that the plan does not meet the requirements described in section 6. ‘‘(4) PARTIAL APPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a plan is denied under paragraph (3) solely on the basis that a re-quest for a waiver that is part of the plan has not been approved (or is subject to dispute resolution) under section 7, the Secretary shall, upon a request from the tribe, grant partial approval for those portions of the plan not affected by the request for a waiver. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL AFTER RESOLUTION .—With respect to a plan described in subparagraph (A), on resolution of the request for a waiver under section 7, the Secretary shall, on a re-quest from the tribe, approve the plan or amended plan not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the request. ‘‘(5) F
AILURE TO ACT .—If the Secretary does not make a decision under paragraph (1) within 90 days of the date on which the Sec-retary receives the plan, the plan shall be considered to be approved. ‘‘(c) E
XTENSION OF TIME.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may extend or otherwise alter the 90-day pe-riod identified in subsection (b)(1) for not more than 90 additional days, if, before the expiration of the period, the Secretary ob-tains the express written consent of the In-dian tribe. ‘‘(d) R
EVIEW OF DENIAL .— ‘‘(1) P
ROCEDURE UPON REFUSAL TO APPROVE  
PLAN .—If the Secretary denies a plan under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) state any objections in writing to the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) provide assistance to the Indian tribe to overcome the stated objections; and ‘‘(C) unless the Indian tribe brings a civil action under paragraph (2), provide the In-dian tribe with a hearing on the record with the right to engage in full discovery relevant to any issue raised in the matter and the op-portunity for appeal on the objections raised, under such rules and regulations as the Sec-retary may promulgate. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The district courts of the United States shall have original juris-diction of a civil action against the appro-priate Secretary arising under this section. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE HEARING AND APPEAL  
NOT REQUIRED .—An Indian tribe may bring a civil action under this paragraph without re-gard to whether the Indian tribe had a hear-ing or filed an appeal under paragraph (1). ‘‘(C) R
ELIEF .—In an action brought under this paragraph, the court may order appro-priate relief (including injunctive relief to reverse a denial of a plan under this section or to compel an officer or employee of the United States, or any agency thereof, to per-form a duty provided under this Act or regu-lations promulgated thereunder) against any action by an officer or employee of the United States or any agency thereof con-trary to this Act or regulations promulgated thereunder. ‘‘(3) F
INAL AGENCY ACTION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a deci-sion by an official of the Department of the Interior or the Department of Health and Human Services, as appropriate (collectively referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Depart-ment’) that constitutes final agency action and that relates to an appeal within the De-partment that is conducted under paragraph (1)(C) shall be made— ‘‘(A) by an official of the Department who holds a position at a higher organizational level within the Department than the level of the departmental agency (such as the In-dian Health Service or the Bureau of Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.008 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7294 December 7, 2016 
Affairs) in which the decision that is the sub-ject of the appeal was made; or ‘‘(B) by an administrative law judge.’’. 
SEC. 10. EMPLOYER TRAINING PLACEMENTS. 
Section 10 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3409), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 10. EMPLOYER TRAINING PLACEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), an Indian tribe that has in place an ap-proved plan under this Act may use the funds made available for the plan under this Act— ‘‘(1) to place participants in training posi-tions with employers; and ‘‘(2) to pay the participants a training al-lowance or wage for a training period of not more than 24 months, which may be non-consecutive. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An Indian tribe may carry out subsection (a) only if the Indian tribe enters into a written agreement with each applicable employer under which the employer shall agree— ‘‘(1) to provide on-the-job training to the participants; and ‘‘(2) on satisfactory completion of the training period described in subsection (a)(2), to prioritize the provision of permanent em-ployment to the participants.’’. 
SEC. 11. FEDERAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 11 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3410), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 11. FEDERAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
‘‘(a) L EADAGENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the lead agency re-sponsible for implementation of this Act shall be the Bureau of Indian Affairs. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The responsibilities of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in carrying out this Act shall include— ‘‘(A) in coordination with the head of each Federal agency overseeing a program identi-fied in the plan, the development of a single model report for each Indian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act to submit to the Director reports on any con-solidated activities undertaken and joint ex-penditures made under the plan; ‘‘(B) the provision, directly or through con-tract, of appropriate voluntary and technical assistance to participating Indian tribes; ‘‘(C) the development and use of a single monitoring and oversight system for plans approved under this Act; ‘‘(D)(i) the receipt of all funds covered by a plan approved under this Act; and ‘‘(ii) the distribution of the funds to the re-spective Indian tribes by not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the funds from the appropriate Federal department or agency; and ‘‘(E)(i) the performance of activities de-scribed in section 7 relating to agency waiv-ers; and ‘‘(ii) the establishment of an interagency dispute resolution process. ‘‘(3) M
EMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2016, the Secretary (act-ing through the Director of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs), in conjunction with the Secre-taries of Agriculture, Commerce, Education, Energy, Health and Human Services, Home-land Security, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, Labor, Transportation, and Veterans Affairs and the Attorney General, shall enter into an interdepartmental memorandum of agreement providing for the implementation of this Act. ‘‘(B) INCLUSIONS .—The memorandum of agreement under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude provisions relating to— ‘‘(i) an annual meeting of participating In-dian tribes and Federal departments and agencies, to be co-chaired by— ‘‘(I) a representative of the President; and ‘‘(II) a representative of the participating Indian tribes; ‘‘(ii) an annual review of the achievements under this Act, including the number and percentage of program participants in unsub-sidized employment during the second quar-ter after exit from the program, and any statutory, regulatory, administrative, or policy obstacles that prevent participating Indian tribes from fully and efficiently car-rying out the purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(iii) a forum comprised of participating Indian tribes and Federal departments and agencies to identify and resolve interagency conflicts and conflicts between the Federal Government and Indian tribes in the admin-istration of this Act. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT FORMAT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall de-velop and distribute to Indian tribes that have in place an approved plan under this Act a single report format, in accordance with the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The lead agency shall ensure that the report format developed under paragraph (1), together with records maintained by each participating Indian tribe, contains information sufficient— ‘‘(A) to determine whether the Indian tribe has complied with the requirements of the approved plan of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) to determine the number and percent-age of program participants in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from the program; and ‘‘(C) to provide assurances to the head of each applicable Federal department or agen-cy that the Indian tribe has complied with all directly applicable statutory and regu-latory requirements not waived under sec-tion 7. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The report format devel-oped under paragraph (1) shall not require a participating Indian tribe to report on the expenditure of funds expressed by fund source or single agency code transferred to the Indian tribe under an approved plan under this Act but instead shall require the Indian tribe to submit a single report on the expenditure of consolidated funds under such plan.’’. 
SEC. 12. NO REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS. 
Section 12 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3411), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12. NO REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In no case shall the amount of Federal funds available to an In-dian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act be reduced as a result of— ‘‘(1) the enactment of this Act; or ‘‘(2) the approval or implementation of a plan of an Indian tribe under this Act. ‘‘(b) I
NTERACTION WITHOTHER LAWS.—The inclusion of a program in a tribal plan under this Act shall not— ‘‘(1) modify, limit, or otherwise affect the eligibility of the program for contracting under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) eliminate the applicability of any pro-vision of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), as the provision relates to a specific program eligible for contracting under that Act.’’. 
SEC. 13. TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
Section 13 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3412), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 13. TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 30 days after the date of apportionment to the appli-cable Federal department or agency, the head of a Federal agency overseeing a pro-gram identified in a plan approved under this Act shall transfer to the Director of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs for distribution to an Indian tribe any funds identified in the ap-proved plan of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(b) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, at the request of the Indian tribe, all program funds transferred to an Indian tribe in accordance with the approved plan of the Indian tribe shall be transferred to the Indian tribe pur-suant to an existing contract, compact, or funding agreement awarded pursuant to title I or IV of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 14. ADMINISTRATION OF FUNDS. 
Section 14 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3413), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (d); (2) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through sub-section (a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 14. ADMINISTRATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSOLIDATION AND REALLOCATION OF  
FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, all amounts transferred to a tribe pursuant to an approved plan may be consolidated, reallocated, and rebudgeted as specified in the approved plan to best meet the employment, training, and related needs of the local community served by the Indian tribe. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS .—The amounts used to carry out a plan approved under this Act shall be administered in such manner as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to ensure the amounts are spent on activities authorized under the approved plan. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section interferes with the ability of the Secretary or the lead agency to use accounting proce-dures that conform to generally accepted ac-counting principles, auditing procedures, and safeguarding of funds that conform to chap-ter 75 of title 31, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Single Audit Act of 1984’). ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE RECORDS AND AUDITS NOT RE -
QUIRED .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law (including regulations and circu-lars of any agency (including Office of Man-agement and Budget Circular A–133)), an In-dian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act shall not be required— ‘‘(A) to maintain separate records that trace any service or activity conducted under the approved plan to the program for which the funds were initially authorized or transferred; ‘‘(B) to allocate expenditures among such a program; or ‘‘(C) to audit expenditures by the original source of the program. ‘‘(b) C
ARRYOVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any funds transferred to an Indian tribe under this Act that are not obligated or expended prior to the beginning of the fiscal year after the fiscal year for which the funds were appropriated shall re-main available for obligation or expenditure without fiscal year limitation, subject to the condition that the funds shall be obligated or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.008 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7295 December 7, 2016 
expended in accordance with the approved plan of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(2) N
O ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION .—The Indian tribe shall not be required to provide any additional justification or documenta-tion of the purposes of the approved plan as a condition of receiving or expending the funds. ‘‘(c) I
NDIRECT COSTS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Indian tribe shall be entitled to recover 100 percent of any indi-rect costs incurred by the Indian tribe as a result of the transfer of funds to the Indian tribe under this Act.’’; and (3) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by paragraph (1))— (A) by striking ‘‘All administrative’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—All administrative’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘regulations)’’ and all that follows through the end of the subsection and inserting the following: ‘‘regulations). ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—The amount equal to the difference between the amount of the com-mingled funds and the actual administrative cost of the programs, as described in para-graph (1), shall be considered to be properly spent for Federal audit purposes if the amount is used to achieve the purposes of this Act. ‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds trans-ferred to an Indian tribe under this Act shall be treated as non-Federal funds for purposes of meeting matching requirements under any other Federal law, except those administered by the Department of Labor or the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(f) C
LAIMS .—The following provisions of law shall apply to plans approved under this Act: ‘‘(1) Section 314 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 1991 (Public Law 101–512; 104 Stat. 1959). ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 (commonly known as the ‘Federal Tort Claims Act’). ‘‘(g) I
NTEREST OR OTHER INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe shall be entitled to retain interest earned on any funds transferred to the tribe under an ap-proved plan and such interest shall not di-minish the amount of funds the Indian tribe is authorized to receive under the plan in the year the interest is earned or in any subse-quent fiscal year. ‘‘(2) P
RUDENT INVESTMENT .—Funds trans-ferred under a plan shall be managed in ac-cordance with the prudent investment stand-ard.’’. 
SEC. 15. LABOR MARKET INFORMATION ON IN-DIAN WORK FORCE. 
Section 17(a) of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3416(a)), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘manner,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary, Indian tribes, and the Director of the Bureau of the Census, shall’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘, by gender,’’. 
SEC. 16. REPEALS; CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) R EPEALS .—Sections 15 and 16 of the In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3414, 3415), as amended by section 2 of this Act, are re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Sections 17 and 18 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3416, 3417) (as amended by this Act) are redes-ignated as sections 15 and 16, respectively. 
SEC. 17. EFFECT OF ACT. 
Nothing in this Act or any amendment made by this Act— (1) affects any plan approved under the In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401 et seq.) (as so redesignated) before the date of enact-ment of this Act; (2) requires any Indian tribe or tribal orga-nization to resubmit a plan described in paragraph (1); or (3) modifies the effective period of any plan described in paragraph (1). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, my bill, the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Serv-ices Consolidation Act, will empower tribes and tribal organizations to offer workforce development issues that up-lift Native communities throughout the country. This bipartisan legislation will make the tribal 477 program per-manent and make improvements to its administration. The 477 program was established in 1992—by the way, I was the sponsor of that legislation at that time, also—as a demonstration program. It allows tribes to combine employment, child care, and job training funding from a variety of Federal sources to conduct consolidated, comprehensive reporting. This has enabled tribes to run innova-tive programs and saved both the tribes and the Federal Government money and resources. I would suggest respectfully that this is a great piece of legislation. The 477 program embodies tribal self-deter-mination by allowing tribes to provide opportunities tailored to the unique needs of their communities. Signifi-cant education and training needs exist in Indian country, and the 477 program has a proven track record of success. This is particularly true in Alaska, where the Cook Inlet Tribal Council has pioneered a smart model that pro-vides holistic services, all under one roof, for individuals and families. My bill improves accounting proce-dures and reporting mechanisms to up-hold the original intent of the pro-gram, ensures that agencies treat tribes fairly, and sets a foundation for participants’ continued success. I especially, at this time, would like to thank the members of the 477 tribal work group who, over the past 4 years, have been dedicated to developing and advancing this legislation. Without the work group’s tireless advocacy, this bill would not have been possible. I would also like to thank Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member G RIJALVA  and their staffs for their work on the bill and commitment to advancing it through the process. I would specifi-cally like to recognize Ken Degenfelder on Chairman B
ISHOP ’s staff and Alex Ortiz on my staff. Finally, I would like to offer my thanks to Chairman B
RADY , Chairman K
LINE, and Chairman G OODLATTE and their staffs for working together on the committee on which I serve to improve this bill. I would like to thank them for agree-ing to help expedite consideration of this bill today, and I urge adoption of H.R. 329. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  W
ORKFORCE , Washington, DC, December 5, 2106. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 329, the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2015. Thank you for consulting with the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 329 on those matters within my committee’s jurisdiction and making im-provements to the legislation to address con-cerns. In the interest of expediting the House’s consideration of H.R. 329, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo fur-ther consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this proce-dural route will not be construed to preju-dice my committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 329 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, J
OHNKLINE, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, December 2, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On November 16, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources favor-ably reported as amended H.R. 329, the In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2016. The bill was sequentially referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Education and the Workforce until Decem-ber 8, 2016. I understand our staffs have been able to negotiate out text that is agreeable to you. Therefore, I ask that you allow the Com-mittee on Ways and Means to be discharged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.008 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7296 December 7, 2016 
from further consideration of the bill before December 8, 2016, so that this revised text for H.R. 329 may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bill be necessary, I would sup-port your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the con-ference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to submit this letter and any re-sponse to the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you next Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, December 2, 2016. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : I write with re-spect to H.R. 329, the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2015,’’ on which the Committee on Ways and Means received a sequential refer-ral. I appreciate your willingness to work with my Committee on this legislation. In order to allow H.R. 329 to move expeditiously to the House floor, I agree to forgo a markup of this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with our mutual under-standing that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 329 at this time, we do not waive any ju-risdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Com-mittee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, December 2, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On November 16, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources favor-ably reported as amended H.R. 329, the In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2016. The bill was sequentially referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Education and the Workforce until Decem-ber 8, 2016. I understand our staffs have been able to negotiate out text that is agreeable to you. Therefore, I ask that you allow the Com-mittee on Ways and Means to be discharged from further consideration of the bill before December 8, 2016, so that this revised text for H.R. 329 may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bill be necessary, I would sup-port your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the con-ference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to submit this letter and any re-sponse to the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you next Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, September 12, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On March 16, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources favorably reported as amended H.R. 329, the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2016, by unanimous con-sent. My staff has shared the reported text of the bill with your staff. The reported bill contains provisions re-garding judicial review, a matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judici-ary. Specifically, section 9 of the bill amends section 8(d) of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 to provide for judicial review of the Secretary of the Interior’s denial of a plan. I under-stand that you have concerns regarding this provision. Based on my agreement to drop this text from the bill when it is considered by the House of Representatives, I ask that the Committee on the Judiciary not seek a sequential referral of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader before the House adjourns for the election. This concession in no way affects your jurisdic-tion over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future re-ferrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary and the issues raised by the omitted text are within the scope of the conference, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Judiciary rep-resented on the conference committee. Fi-nally, I would be pleased to include this let-ter and any response in the Congressional Record to document this agreement. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further oppor-tunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 22, 2016. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 329, the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act.’’ I appreciate your will-ingness to work with me on this issue. As you note in your letter, the reported bill contains provisions regarding judicial re-view that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary. Specifi-cally, section 9 of the bill amends section 8(d) of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 to provide for judicial review of the Secretary of the Inte-rior’s denial of a plan. The Judiciary Com-mittee has concerns with this provision. However, based on your agreement to drop this text from the bill or similar legislation when it is considered by the House, the Judi-ciary Committee will not seek a sequential referral of the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by forgoing a sequential referral of H.R. 329 at this time, we do not waive any juris-diction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our com-mittee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee report and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 329. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Public Law 102–477 es-tablished what is commonly known as the 477 program to foster employment and economic development in Indian country. This highly successful pro-gram authorizes tribal governments to consolidate up to 13 different Federal grant programs into a single plan with a single budget and a single reporting system. Current participants in the program have significantly improved effective-ness of the delivery of services included in the 477 plan, while lowering adminis-trative costs. These cost savings have been translated into more and better direct services for their communities. H.R. 329 will build on this success by permanently authorizing the program, by increasing the scope and avail-ability of participating Federal grant programs, and by setting a streamlined process for tribes to follow. I want to congratulate Chairman Y
OUNG for his tireless work on this leg-islation and for putting together a piece of legislation that we should al-ways consider and for bringing to-gether all of the stakeholders to ad-dress the concerns and find a workable solution. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge passage of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my concerns with H.R. 329. While the legislation seeks to provide additional flexi-bility and support to Indian tribes—a worthy goal—I remain concerned that it could have the effect of weakening the services provided to families and children in Indian tribes. Currently, Indian tribes have the option to consolidate certain federal funding streams re-lated to work and job training into one grant. H.R. 329 includes a number of changes to this consolidation option and expands the number of programs that can be consolidated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.011 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7297 December 7, 2016 
The legislation could be interpreted in an overly broad fashion resulting in the inclusion of programs that may not be appropriate to in-clude—programs or services only ‘‘relating to’’ job training, skill development, and economic development, or other related goals. The Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, on which I serve as Ranking Member, was given a sequential jurisdictional referral on this legislation, but has not considered the legislation nor considered its impact on edu-cation and training programs within our juris-diction. Specifically, our Committee has an interest in ensuring that program funds are used for their intended purpose. Whether the TANF program or Head Start, adequate reporting and oversight protect beneficiaries and ensure the quality of services. For example, Head Start performance standards are vital to the success of the program. While I do not intend to oppose the legisla-tion, I encourage continued robust oversight of the programs impacted by this bill to ensure that quality and effective education and job training programs remain available to our na-tion’s tribes. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 329, the Indian Employment, Training, and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2015. In particular, I’m grateful for the opportunity I had to work with Representative Y
OUNG and the Natural Resources Committee to address some concerns I had with a previous version of the bill, and I’m grateful for the collaborative effort between our two committees so this bill can move forward today. Under current law, Indian tribes can com-bine funding for employment, training, and re-lated services to streamline their administra-tion of social service programs—often referred to as ‘‘section 477 demonstration projects.’’ Many times the dollar amounts received from the individual programs are rather small, so being able to combine funds with similar pur-poses allows tribes to achieve more effective economies of scale. However, in recent years these tribes have run into challenges as they have sought to operate these demonstration projects to best serve their members. The goal of H.R. 329 is to clarify confusion related to these demonstration projects, increase the flexibility Indian tribes have in consolidating these programs, and ensure accountability of taxpayer dollars. While I agreed with the general intent of the prior version of this bill, I was concerned that it may have unintentionally undermined impor-tant requirements in current law for programs under Ways and Means jurisdiction, such as TANF and child care. To balance the goal of increased flexibility for tribes with appropriate oversight and accountability, I asked Rep-resentative Y
OUNG to amend the text to en-sure the bill would not: Undermine important rules regarding how funds appropriated for specific purposes can be used; Eliminate requirements specifying how the spending of consolidated funds must be ac-counted for; and Change how funds authorized by the Ways and Means Committee are treated for match-ing purposes. First, I’m glad this bill now reiterates that agencies providing funding to tribes have the authority to approve or deny waivers of key program provisions. For example, this would mean the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) could deny an Indian tribe’s request to use federal child care funds for the purchase or improvement of land, as such use of child care funds is not permitted under cur-rent law. HHS could also forbid a tribe from using federal TANF funds to pay for medical services, something states and tribes are not permitted to do under current law. At the same time, agencies and departments, like HIS, are encouraged to waive program requirements when they will assist the tribe in streamlining the administration of their social service pro-grams to better serve their members, as long as they don’t undermine the central purposes for which the money was originally appro-priated. Second, there was some concern that the bill would eliminate requirements that tribes re-port how they spend funds consolidated in section 477 projects. Mr. YOUNG has modified the bill to reiterate that tribes must report how funds are spent, but that they will not be re-quired to report spending by specific program. Since 2011, a tribal working group has worked diligently to simplify tribal financial reporting, and the group has recently agreed upon a uni-fied financial report that allows tribes to report by category, instead of by program. This form allows taxpayers to understand broadly how dollars are spent, without requiring tribes to maintain complex accounting systems nec-essary to report on spending per the rules for each separate program. This form is now in use, and I hope this working group, or future iterations of it, will continue to engage, as needed, to ensure this form adequately serves all stakeholders in the same manner. Third, the earlier version of this bill allowed tribes operating section 477 projects to count federal funding received through HHS and the Department of Labor (DOL) to count as tribal spending for matching purposes. Because this would have allowed tribes to use federal funds as match to draw down additional federal dol-lars—and because it would have advantaged tribes operating these demonstrations com-pared to those not operating these demos—I asked that this language not apply to funding administered by HHS and DOL. Mr. Y
OUNG  agreed to incorporate this change, and I’m grateful for his willingness to do so. Finally, I’m glad we could work together to restore language in the bill regarding coordina-tion between the Department of the Interior and other departments as these projects are approved. It is important that agencies work together to ensure tribes have the flexibility they need to streamline their services, while maintaining a balance between flexibility and accountability. Together, these changes will support tribes as they seek to better serve their members, while maintaining appropriate accountability of taxpayer dollars and ensuring funds are used to meet the goals for which they were appro-priated. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 329, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BAR-RIER RESOURCES SYSTEM BOUNDARIES REVISION Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6400) to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Bar-rier Resources System units in New Jersey. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6400 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPLACEMENT OF JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYS-TEM MAP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The map subtitled ‘‘Seidler Beach Unit NJ–02, Cliffwood Beach Unit NJ–03P, Conaskonk Point Unit NJ–04’’, dated August 1, 2014, that is included in the set of maps entitled ‘‘Coastal Barrier Re-sources System’’ referred to in section 4(a) of the Coastal Barrier Resources Act (16 U.S.C. 3503(a)) and relating to certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey, is hereby replaced by another map subtitled ‘‘Seidler Beach Unit NJ–02/NJ–02P, Cliffwood Beach Unit NJ–03P, Conaskonk Point Unit NJ–04, Sayreville Unit NJ–15P, Matawan Point Unit NJ–16P’’ and dated October 7, 2016. (b) A
VAILABILITY .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall keep the replacement map re-ferred to in subsection (a) on file and avail-able for inspection in accordance with sec-tion 4(b) of the Coastal Barrier Resources Act (16 U.S.C. 3503(b)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6400, introduced by my colleague, Mr. P
ALLONE , makes boundary adjustments to multiple units of the Coastal Barrier Resources System along the coast of his New Jer-sey congressional district. I have no objection to this bill and compliment the gentleman for introducing the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, under the Coastal Barrier Re-sources Act—or CoBRA—the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service identifies hazardous areas on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.024 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7298 December 7, 2016 
the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts, and submits maps to Congress recommending that we make Federal subsidies off limits to people who choose to develop those lands. This is a commonsense, scientific, fiscally conservative way to protect private property and public infrastructure, while also ensuring that taxpayers do not have to foot the bill for risky coastal development. In this time of ris-ing sea levels and increased storm surge brought on by climate change, CoBRA is be-coming more and more important every day. H.R. 6400 would adjust the boundaries of several Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey, including one that con-tains an important flood control structure. These changes have been carefully mapped by the Fish and Wildlife Service, and reflect improvements in technology that have allowed us to show with great accuracy which parcels of land do and do not constitute ‘‘coastal bar-rier resources’’ under the law. As a result, numerous properties that were originally included by mistake will be removed, and other properties that have been identified as at-risk will be included. These changes to the C.B.R.S. are protec-tive of private property rights, the environment, and the taxpayers, and I support passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), the author of the bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6400. This bill is extremely important to my constituents, especially those liv-ing in Union Beach, New Jersey. Pass-ing this bill will allow the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to move forward on an important flood control project for Union Beach. H.R. 6400 would realign the mapping of several New Jersey units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resource System. Congressional approval is re-quired for any changes to these maps by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Over the past year, the Fish and Wild-life Service worked with the Corps to make noncontroversial changes to the mapping, completed its review, and transmitted them to Congress on No-vember 21 of this year. Until these maps are approved by Congress, Mr. Speaker, the Union Beach flood control project will be in limbo. The Corps cannot sign a project partnership agreement or make other progress until the updated maps are ap-proved. Union Beach was devastated by Superstorm Sandy, and residents have been waiting far too long for this project to be completed. It was ini-tially authorized by the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 on No-vember 8, 2007, and funding and author-ization for the project came from Sandy relief funding in 2013. Moving forward on this project is a priority for the State of New Jersey, local authorities in Union Beach, and the Army Corps; however, that can only be done if Congress approves the new maps, which it can do by passing H.R. 6400. Again, passing this bill is vitally im-portant. It is noncontroversial. I want to thank Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member G
RIJALVA , and House leader-ship for allowing this legislation to be considered under suspension of the rules. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6400. The people of Union Beach have waited long enough to rebuild and pro-tect their community from future storms. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I would like to compliment the gentleman from New Jersey. I do hope he understands that this is his district and I will support his legislation. I would like to have him do the same thing when I bring legislation to the floor that only affects my district. So, with courtesy to him, I will urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6400. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CHICANO PARK PRESERVATION ACT Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3711) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of Chicano Park, lo-cated in San Diego, California, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3711 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Chicano Park Preservation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a special resource study of Chi-cano Park and its murals located in San Diego, California. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the site; (2) determine the suitability and feasibility of designating the site as a National Historic Landmark or Affiliated Area of the National Park System; (3) consider other alternatives for preserva-tion, protection, and interpretation of Chicano Park and its murals by Federal, State, or local governmental entities, or private and nonprofit organizations; (4) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and non-profit organizations or any other interested in-dividuals; and (5) identify cost estimates for any develop-ment, interpretation, operation, and mainte-nance associated with the alternatives. (c) APPLICABLE LAW.—The study required under subsection (a) shall be conducted in ac-cordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code, except that the study shall not con-sider any options that involve Federal acquisi-tion of lands, interests in lands, or any other property related to the Chicano Park and its murals. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date on which funds are first made available for the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report containing the results of the study and any conclusions and recommenda-tions of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, located in the Barrio Logan community of San Diego, Chi-cano Park is a 7.4-acre parcel known for its display of nearly 50 vibrant mu-rals depicting the history, culture, and its civil rights movement. b1315 Residents secured the creation of the park in 1970 by protesting the construc-tion of a parking lot on the vacant land the city previously promised for the de-velopment of the community park. After successfully taking over the land, artists painted dozens of vibrant mu-rals on the pillars and ramps of the San Diego-Coronado Bay Bridge located in the park, creating the largest con-centration of these murals in the world. H.R. 3711 authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to evaluate the national significance of the park, determine the suitability and feasibility of desig-nating it as a national historic land-mark or affiliated area of the National Park Service through a special re-source study. The bill prohibits the Secretary from considering any options that result in the Federal acquisition of the park. I urge adoption of this bill, H.R. 3711. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. V
ARGAS ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.012 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7299 December 7, 2016 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues for their support of H.R. 3711, the Chicano Park Preservation Act. Again, I thank the chairman for those kind words about the park. I appreciate it very much. Ranking member, thank you again for allowing me to be here to support moving this legislation forward. Chicano Park is a historic park under the San Diego-Coronado Bridge that embodies the spirit of the Hispanic cul-ture in San Diego. As was said, in the spring of 1970, the Barrio Logan community in San Diego united to advocate for the community park and, with the support of the city and State officials, the park was born. Since then, the park has been trans-formed by world-renowned muralists who have adorned the freeway pillars with breathtaking murals, sculptures, and architectural pieces that tell the story of the Hispanic community in San Diego. Chicano Park is home to the largest collection of outdoor murals, 89 of them, in the country, in addition to various sculptures, earthworks, and an architectural piece dedicated to the cultural heritage of the community. The murals are recognized at the local, State, and national levels as historical, cultural, and public art. This legislation, as was said, author-izes a special resource study of Chicano Park and its murals to evaluate the feasibility of the park becoming a na-tional historic landmark or an Affili-ated Area of the National Park Serv-ice. It is also interesting that now the community has taken it on as a com-munity park. Unfortunately, the area has very few parks, and this is one of the places where the community now, since 1970, has been coming and having picnics there with their families, their children, and it has become really a wonderful opportunity for the people that live in the community. Even more than that, if you go there on a Saturday, you will find artists and different people from throughout the State, and Arizona, and other places coming to look at the murals and to look at the art. It is quite a vibrant area. If you take a look at some of the things that are sold in the area, you will see T-shirts and you will see lots of cultural food. It has become a won-derful place for everyone to come to-gether. So I appreciate very much the oppor-tunity here, and I thank the ranking member, and especially the chairman, for this opportunity. Again, I encour-age them to come to the park. It is not quite as grand as some of the things in Alaska, and I look to going to Alaska some day because I have only seen them in the pictures. Again, I thank you for your kind words about the park. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers on this legislation. I do urge the passage of the legislation as a classic example of where people are working together to have a place to rest and save some great art. I congratulate the gentleman for introducing the legislation. So I urge the passage of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill will permit the National Park Service to study and evaluate the Chicano Park for inclu-sion on the National Register of His-toric Places and possibly to become an affiliated site of the agency. Chicano Park has come to represent not only the civil rights struggles and victories for the residents of the Barrio Logan community, but has become a center for discussions around civil rights movements for all Mexican Americans today. Today, this space has become a vi-brant expression of the history and concerns of the community and, be-cause of their efforts, I know it will continue to remain a relevant site for generations to come. I am glad to see that this community will receive the national recognition it deserves. I thank my colleague, Congressman V
ARGAS , for introducing this bill, and I am very pleased to see that we are able to move this through the House expedi-tiously. I would also like to, one day, visit Alaska, but at this point in time I urge adoption of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I would assure both gentlemen, Alaska will welcome you on a visit. I hope to visit both of their communities in the future. The only way we can get things done around here is if we understand your locations, your people, and what you will treasure, as I do in my State of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3711, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 944; Adoption of House Resolution 944, if ordered; The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1219; and The motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 3028. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5143, TRANSPARENT IN-SURANCE STANDARDS ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 9, 2016, THROUGH JANUARY 3, 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 944) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5143) to pro-vide greater transparency and congres-sional oversight of international insur-ance standards setting processes, and for other purposes; providing for pro-ceedings during the period from De-cember 9, 2016, through January 3, 2017; and providing for consideration of mo-tions to suspend the rules, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 178, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 609] YEAS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.045 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7300 December 7, 2016 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NAYS—178 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—24 
Brown (FL) Clyburn Crenshaw Ellmers (NC) Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Forbes Garrett Graves (MO) Honda Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee MacArthur Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Rothfus Sanchez, Loretta Serrano Sewell (AL) Tiberi Westmoreland Zeldin 
b1349 Messrs. CICILLINE, PETERS, VELA, and VISCLOSKY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 180, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 610] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—21 
Brown (FL) Clyburn Crenshaw Ellmers (NC) Fincher Fitzpatrick Forbes Garrett Graves (MO) Honda Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee MacArthur Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Rothfus Sanchez, Loretta Serrano Tiberi Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.014 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7301 December 7, 2016 
b1357 Mrs. TORRES changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ARBUCKLE PROJECT MAINTE-NANCE COMPLEX AND DISTRICT OFFICE CONVEYANCE ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1219) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Ar-buckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Ar-buckle Master Conservancy District, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 412, nays 1, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 611] YEAS—412 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—20 
Brown (FL) Clyburn Crenshaw Ellmers (NC) Fincher Fitzpatrick Garrett Graves (MO) Honda Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Rothfus Sanchez, Loretta Schweikert Serrano Tiberi Westmoreland ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1405 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DANIEL J. EVANS OLYMPIC NATIONAL PARK WILDERNESS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3028) to redesignate the Olym-pic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 401, nays 8, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 612] YEAS—401 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.049 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7302 December 7, 2016 
Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—8 
Amash Brat Gosar Grothman Harris Massie Sanford Sinema ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Mulvaney Rice (SC) 
NOT VOTING—22 
Brown (FL) Clyburn Crenshaw Ellmers (NC) Fincher Fitzpatrick Garrett Graves (MO) Honda Jolly Jones Kirkpatrick Lee Miller (MI) Pittenger Poe (TX) Rothfus Sanchez, Loretta Serrano Sewell (AL) Tiberi Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1413 Mr. RICE of South Carolina changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘present.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1415 AUTHORIZING DIRECTORS OF VET-ERANS INTEGRATED SERVICE NETWORKS TO ENTER INTO CON-TRACTS TO INVESTIGATE MED-ICAL CENTERS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6435) to authorize the Direc-tors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into contracts with appropriate civilian accreditation entities or appropriate health care evaluation entities to investigate med-ical centers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6435 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORITY OF DIRECTORS OF VET-ERANS INTEGRATED SERVICE NET-WORKS TO INVESTIGATE MEDICAL CENTERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of a Vet-erans Integrated Service Network of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs may contract with an appropriate entity specializing in ci-vilian accreditation or health care evalua-tion to investigate any medical center with-in such Network to assess and report defi-ciencies of the facilities at such medical cen-ter. (b) C
OORDINATION .—Before entering into any contract under subsection (a), the Direc-tor of a Veterans Integrated Service Net-work shall notify the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and the Comp-troller General of the United States for pur-poses of coordinating any investigation con-ducted pursuant to such contract with any other investigations or accreditations that may be ongoing. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— (1) to prevent the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs from conducting any review, audit, evaluation, or inspection regarding a topic for which a review is conducted under sub-section (a); or (2) to modify the requirement that employ-ees of the Department assist with any re-view, audit, evaluation, or inspection con-ducted by the Office of the Inspector General of the Department. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of H.R. 6435, a bill to authorize the Directors of Vet-erans Integrated Service Networks, or VISN, of the Department of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with ap-propriate civilian accreditation enti-ties or appropriate health care evalua-tion entities to investigate VA medical centers. This bill would allow VISN directors to contract with an appropriate non- VA entity with expertise and civilian accreditation or healthcare evaluation to investigate any medical center with-in that director’s catchment area. It is no secret that the last few years have been tumultuous for the VA healthcare system, beginning with the access and accountability crisis in Phoenix and across the country in 2014, and continuing to just last week when reports surfaced of potential infectious disease concerns at a troubled VA med-ical center in Tomah, Wisconsin. While the committee has an impor-tant oversight and investigative re-sponsibility toward VA, as a Federal bureaucracy, VA is all too often charged with policing itself through in-ternal watchdogs like the Office of Medical Inspector and the VA Office of Inspector General. However, despite all of our best efforts, waste, fraud, and abuse still persist and still continue to harm veterans throughout the VA healthcare system. H.R. 6435 would provide VA regional leadership yet another tool to root out deficiencies within the VA medical fa-cilities while providing VISN directors the ability to work with an experi-enced, objective entity to assess a given VA medical center’s operations and management. I believe this bill will empower VISN leaders to take a more active role in creating a culture of quality and ac-countability and lead to the provision of better, safer care to veteran pa-tients. I am grateful to my friend and col-league Congressman M
ARKWAYNE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.020 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7303 December 7, 2016 
MULLIN of Oklahoma for sponsoring this legislation, and I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of this legisla-tion by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). Ensuring VA delivers safe and high- quality health care to veterans is an important priority for this committee. This bill will allow Veterans Integrated Service Network directors to contract with civilian accreditation and healthcare evaluation organizations to inspect and investigate VA medical centers. This gives VA another tool to evaluate and improve the quality of care provided at its facilities. VA medical centers are routinely in-spected and accredited by recognized organizations in the healthcare world, such as the Joint Commission on Ac-creditation of Hospitals and the Com-mission on Accreditation of Rehabili-tation Facilities. This bill would allow other organizations to inspect and ac-credit VA hospitals at VA’s discretion. Since the VA inspector general and Government Accountability Office also routinely conduct investigations, in-spections, and audits of VA medical fa-cilities, I would like to emphasize that this bill requires both GAO and the IG to be notified when a VISN chooses to contract with civilian inspection and accreditation organizations. Coordination of efforts with GAO and the IG will avoid duplication and pre-vent the waste of taxpayer dollars. I also want to emphasize that this au-thority should not be used to replace the role of the IG and GAO in con-ducting investigations, inspections, and evaluations of VA medical facili-ties. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ), who brought this legislation to our committee. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman-elect R
OEfor yielding and for his work on the committee. I have no doubt that he will perform admi-rably in his new role, and I want to ex-tend my appreciation to him and to Chairman M
ILLER for their leadership in getting this bill to the floor for con-sideration. This bill is simple, so I will keep it short. All the bill does is authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to con-tract with appropriate civilian healthcare accrediting or evaluating groups to investigate the VA medical centers. Our veterans deserve care equal to the finest civilian hospitals, so let’s allow the VA to invite the people who evaluate and accredit those private hospitals to take a look at our VA medical centers when they have prob-lems. This is a commonsense bill that will help improve the care of our veterans who need us the most. I urge passage of this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I encour-age all of my colleagues to support this important legislation and to join me in passing H.R. 6435. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. MULLIN said, this is a very com-monsense piece of legislation. I worked in hospitals for almost four decades that had joint commission su-pervision. It is a good way. It is best for patient safety. With that, I encour-age all Members to support this legisla-tion. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6435. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNITIES HELPING INVEST THROUGH PROPERTY AND IM-PROVEMENTS NEEDED FOR VET-ERANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5099) to establish a pilot pro-gram on partnership agreements to construct new facilities for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5099 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Commu-nities Helping Invest through Property and Improvements Needed for Veterans Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PILOT PROGRAM ON ACCEPTANCE BY THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF DONATED FACILITIES AND RELATED IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 8103 and 8104 of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out a pilot program under which the Sec-retary may accept donations of the following property from entities described in para-graph (2): (A) Real property (including structures and equipment associated therewith)— (i) that includes a constructed facility; or (ii) to be used as the site of a facility con-structed by the entity. (B) A facility to be constructed by the en-tity on real property of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (2) E
NTITIES DESCRIBED .—Entities described in this paragraph are the following: (A) A State or local authority. (B) An organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (C) A limited liability corporation. (D) A private entity. (E) A donor or donor group. (F) Any other non-Federal Government en-tity. (3) LIMITATION .—The Secretary may accept not more than five donations of real prop-erty and facility improvements under the pilot program and as described in this sec-tion. (b) C
ONDITIONS FOR ACCEPTANCE OF PROP-
ERTY .—The Secretary may accept the dona-tion of a property described in subsection (a)(1) under the pilot program only if— (1) the property is— (A) a property with respect to which funds have been appropriated for a Department fa-cility project; or (B) a property identified as— (i) meeting a need of the Department as part of the long-range capital planning proc-ess of the Department; and (ii) the location for a Department facility project that is included on the Strategic Capital Investment Planning process pri-ority list in the most recent budget sub-mitted to Congress by the President pursu-ant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code; and (2) an entity described in subsection (a)(2) has entered into or is willing to enter into a formal agreement with the Secretary in ac-cordance with subsection (c) under which the entity agrees to independently donate the real property, improvements, goods, or serv-ices, for the Department facility project in an amount acceptable to the Secretary and at no additional cost to the Federal Govern-ment. (c) R
EQUIREMENT TO ENTER INTO AN AGREE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may accept real property and improvements donated under the pilot program by an entity de-scribed in subsection (a)(2) only if the entity enters into a formal agreement with the Sec-retary that provides for— (A) the donation of real property and im-provements (including structures and equip-ment associated therewith) that includes a constructed facility; or (B) the construction by the entity of a fa-cility on— (i) real property and improvements of the Department of Veterans Affairs; or (ii) real property and improvements do-nated to the Department by the entity. (2) C
ONTENT OF FORMAL AGREEMENTS .—With respect to an entity described in subsection (a)(2) that seeks to enter into a formal agree-ment under paragraph (1) of this subsection that includes the construction by the entity of a facility, the formal agreement shall pro-vide for the following: (A) The entity shall conduct all necessary environmental and historic preservation due diligence, shall comply with all local zoning requirements (except for studies and con-sultations required of the Department under Federal law), and shall obtain all permits re-quired in connection with the construction of the facility. (B) The entity shall use construction standards required of the Department when designing, repairing, altering, or building the facility, except to the extent the Secretary determines otherwise, as permitted by appli-cable law. (C) The entity shall provide the real prop-erty, improvements, goods, or services in a manner described in subsection (b)(2) suffi-cient to complete the construction of the fa-cility, at no additional cost to the Federal Government. (d) N
OPAYMENT OF RENT OR USAGE FEES.— The Secretary may not pay rent, usage fees, or any other amounts to an entity described in subsection (a)(2) or any other entity for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.055 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7304 December 7, 2016 
the use or occupancy of real property or im-provements donated under this section. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) F
ROM DEPARTMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not provide funds to help the entity finance, de-sign, or construct a facility in connection with real property and improvements do-nated under the pilot program by an entity described in subsection (a)(2) that are in ad-dition to the funds appropriated for the facil-ity as of the date on which the Secretary and the entity enter into a formal agreement under subsection (c) for the donation of the real property and improvements. (B) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary shall provide funds pursuant to subparagraph (A) under such terms, conditions, and sched-ule as the Secretary determines appropriate. (2) F
ROM ENTITY .—An entity described in subsection (a)(2) that is donating a facility constructed by the entity under the pilot program shall be required, pursuant to a for-mal agreement entered into under subsection (c), to provide other funds in addition to the amounts provided by the Department under paragraph (1) that are needed to complete construction of the facility. (f) A
PPLICATION .—An entity described in subsection (a)(2) that seeks to donate real property and improvements under the pilot program shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication to address needs relating to facili-ties of the Department, including health care needs, identified in the Construction and Long-Range Capital Plan of the Department, at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. (g) I
NFORMATION ON DONATIONS AND RE-
LATED PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall in-clude in the budget submitted to Congress by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information re-garding real property and improvements do-nated under the pilot program during the year preceding the submittal of the budget and the status of facility projects relating to that property. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Information submitted under paragraph (1) shall provide a detailed status of donations of real property and im-provements conducted under the pilot pro-gram and facility projects relating to that property, including the percentage comple-tion of the donations and projects. (h) B
IENNIAL REPORT OF COMPTROLLER GEN-
ERAL OF THE UNITED STATES .—Not less fre-quently than once every two years until the termination date set forth in subsection (i), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the do-nation agreements entered into under the pilot program. (i) T
ERMINATION .—The authority for the Secretary to accept donations under the pilot program shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as a limitation on the authority of the Secretary to enter into other arrangements or agreements that are authorized by law and not inconsistent with this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5099, as amended, the Commu-nities Helping Invest Through Property and Improvements Needed for Veterans Act of 2016—and that is a mouthful—or the CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016. This bill, sponsored by our colleague Con-gressman BRAD ASHFORD from Ne-braska, would authorize the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to accept from certain non-Federal entities up to five dona-tions of either real property that in-cludes a constructed facility or is to be used as a site of a facility constructed by the entity, or a facility to be con-structed by the entity on VA real prop-erty. Such donation may be accepted only if it is for a project for which funds have been appropriated for a VA facility or is identified as meeting both a VA need as part of the Department’s long-range capital planning process and as the location for a VA facility project that is included on the stra-tegic capital investment plan. VA is one of our government’s larg-est real property holders; and, consid-ering that the average age of a VA medical building is five times older than the average age of a building in a nonprofit hospital system, VA’s capital needs continue to grow in both cost and complexity. Meanwhile, the high- profile scandals and failures that VA’s construction and capital asset program has undergone have been well pub-licized over the last few years. In April of 2013, the Government Ac-countability Office found that VA’s major medical facility construction projects, which are already costly, complicated endeavors, experienced cost increases ranging from 66 percent to 427 percent and schedule delays ranging from 14 months to 86 months. Needless to say, it is clear that the time to look for innovative solutions to VA’s capital needs is now. Currently, VA has the authority to accept a donated facility if that facil-ity is already complete; however, it can be challenging to find existing facili-ties that both meet demonstrated VA need and satisfy all the requirements and mandates that a Federal facility must meet. Allowing VA to accept un-conditional donations of real property, improvements, goods, or services from community donors, within certain pa-rameters, could provide a viable solu-tion to meeting VA’s capital needs in an expedient, fiscally responsible man-ner while allowing communities and individuals the opportunity to step up and contribute in honor of their vet-eran friends and neighbors in a mean-ingful way. As chairman in the 115th Congress, I look forward to continuing to aggres-sively oversee VA’s troubled construc-tion program and to leave no stones unturned when looking for new ways to ensure that VA has facilities they need to provide the services our veterans re-quire. I believe that the pilot program could lay the foundation for doing just that. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5099, as amended, Communities Helping Invest through Property and Improvements Needed for Veterans Act of 2016. In-deed, it is a mouthful but is a very, very important, potentially trans-formative piece of legislation. Other-wise, we can shorten it down to the CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016, which was introduced by my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Nebraska, B
RAD A
SHFORD . The bill is a testament to his hard work, as well as many Members and staff on both sides of the Capitol, that we are considering this bill today. This bipartisan legislation will au-thorize a pilot program, allowing the Department of Veterans Affairs to partner with nonprofit and private do-nors to build VA hospitals, receive do-nated land, and acquire other VA fa-cilities so that the VA may continue to serve veterans. Today there are generous donors and organizations ready to pitch in and in-vest in their community’s willingness to support and serve our veterans. That is why we must take immediate action and pass H.R. 5099, as amended. This bill will permit the VA to accept facilities constructed by donors, land where a future facility will be con-structed by a donor, and permit a donor to construct a facility on VA property under an agreement to donate the facility to VA upon completion. It will also preserve VA’s authority to de-termine need by only allowing projects to move forward under this program based on projects authorized and fund-ed by Congress or included on the VA’s strategic capital investment planning process priority list. This bill is necessary not only be-cause of the Federal Government’s sig-nificant budget constraints, but also so that VA has clear authority to under-take these projects and accept dona-tions for the acquisition of facilities. It also allows VA and Congress to de-termine whether this pilot program that permits the VA and non-Federal organizations to combine resources to construct facilities is a viable future model for the funding and management of major and minor VA construction projects. Thanks to the public-private partner-ships this legislation will foster, the VA will be able to take meaningful steps in improving its capacity to pro-vide our veterans the quality care they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.018 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7305 December 7, 2016 
deserve at state-of-the-art VA facili-ties, all the while saving American tax-payers millions of dollars in the proc-ess. It is the very definition of a win- win situation. Mr. Speaker, strengthening the VA and increasing its capacity to provide and coordinate care is one of our high-est priorities at the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and I am pleased to sup-port H.R. 5099, as amended, which will only improve VA’s ability to do so. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ) for his comments. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, as we are about to conclude this legisla-tive session, I hope everyone here real-izes the magnitude of what this bill be-fore us does. Yes, we have got a lot going on. We are distracted. We are eager to finish up business and start a transition pe-riod. But, as Congressman T
AKANO just said, this is transformative. This cre-ates a blueprint of the architecture for a 21st century VA. And why? As Con-gressman R
OEpointed out, we have had extreme difficulties and complexities and problems in the VA with service delivery as well as budgetary cost over-runs. b1430 We have had for a very long time an aging hospital in Omaha. We have had a community that is very eager to find a new innovative way out of this prob-lem. We have a pot of money that has been sitting here for a very long time and will continue to sit here for a very long time unless we become innova-tive, unless we do something different. That is what Congressman A
SHFORD  has done with the rest of the Federal delegation from Nebraska, including Senator F
ISCHER . He has come up with an innovative transformative model that will create a new center of excel-lence based on a public-private part-nership, using existing Federal mon-eys, using a base of community support that has already come forward looking to help the VA better integrate with the private facilities that already exist in the community of Omaha, which are quite extraordinary. As Congressman T
AKANO said, this is a win-win-win. I want to congratulate my friend and colleague, Congressman A
SHFORD , for his extraordinary leadership and vision in this regard as well as the integrity to stay with it until the very end. We have had some complexities along the way, but it is my hope, Mr. Chairman, particularly as you take over the reins of the entire committee, that you will help us implement this rapidly, as I know you will, because it is a trans-formative mechanism by which we are going to deliver the highest and best possible care for our veterans back home. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. A
SHFORD ), who had the te-nacity to stick it through and bring this legislation finally in this form to the floor. Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member TAKANO , Chairman R
OE, certainly Chairman M ILLER , and Mr. Speaker for bringing this impor-tant bill up for a vote today. H.R. 5099, the CHIP IN for Vets Act, was introduced by myself and others in the House and by my good friend and colleague, Senator D
EBFISCHER , in the United States Senate. There is an iden-tical bill in the Senate awaiting action as we speak. As has been suggested and men-tioned, this bill allows for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to enter into donation agreements with community groups in order to complete VA con-struction projects. This is a new and innovative idea not necessarily brought to this body by myself, but by so many other people, as has been men-tioned, who have worked on this bill for literally 2 years. I appreciate my good friend, Congressman F
ORTEN -
BERRY from Lincoln, Nebraska, for his comments and his ability to hold me back from time to time as we pro-ceeded down this course. I think when we started out with this process, what I was focused on was the idea that in our own communities it is veterans who can make those tough de-cisions as to what their needs are. No-body better than our veterans under-stands those needs. What this bill will allow us to do is to combine commu-nity donors with veterans to actually involve themselves together in the de-velopment of these projects. Certainly in Omaha, in my community in Iowa, and Nebraska area, we have had a need for such a renovated facility for many, many years. My bill, I believe, empowers our vet-erans. It puts an end to the decades- long wait for hundreds of thousands of veterans in my area who have been promised new facilities. I think, as clearly as Congressman F
ORTENBERRY , Ranking Member T
AKANO , and Chair-man R
OEmentioned, that this really does open up opportunities for VA fa-cilities across the entire country and starts the course moving forward. Let me just conclude by thanking so many of you. I would be here much longer than 5 minutes if I were going to name everyone, but certainly I appre-ciate my cosponsors, Congressman W
ALZ from Minnesota, Congressman F
ORTENBERRY , Congressman S MITH from Nebraska, Congressman D
AVE Y
OUNG from across the river in Iowa. I thank Chairman M
ILLER , who gave me the opportunity to discuss, even on weekends, some of the positive ele-ments of what we were trying to do in Nebraska. Lastly, thanks to the staff and cer-tainly my staff leader on this bill, Denise Fleming. I am going to be in the House only a few more weeks, but I can’t say that she is actually wel-coming me leaving, but she certainly has been a tenacious advocate and has worked very, very hard. There have been other staff members as well, and certainly they have all added a tremendous amount to this bill: Christine Hill and Grace Rodden most particularly. Moving this bill ensures that Senator FISCHER ’s bill, which is now in the Sen-ate, can move in the Senate and be-come law so we can begin this project now. My friends in Omaha, in Ne-braska, and Iowa are ready to donate what is necessary to unleash, as Mr. F
ORTENBERRY suggests, the money that has already been appropriated for our Omaha facility. Lastly, I would like to thank the Secretary of the Veterans Administra-tion, Robert McDonald. I met Bob McDonald 2 years ago about just now when I was coming in to Congress. I suggested to him that we needed some-thing to be done in Omaha, and I also suggested that I thought that our donor community and our veterans community would work together on an innovative public-private partnership to enable some sort of new way, some sort of center of excellence to develop; and certainly Secretary McDonald and his team have been great and have been so incredibly helpful in moving this along. Lastly, again, I thank my colleague and friend actually from our years to-gether in the unicameral legislature in Nebraska, D
EBFISCHER , whose staff has been tireless and helpful in this mat-ter. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ), my good friend, to speak on this issue. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak in support of H.R. 5099, the bipartisan CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016, which is sponsored by my colleague from across the river, Con-gressman B
RADASHFORD in Nebraska. Our veterans make great sacrifices in defense of our freedoms, and it is in-cumbent upon us to provide them with the best possible health care when they return home. Now, many of our Department of Veterans Affairs facilities are aging. They are in need of upgrades and re-pair, some complete overhauls, yet cost overruns and significant delays trouble VA construction programs and hinder work on other VA facilities in need of improvements. The CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016 seeks to address some of these prob-lems by authorizing the VA to carry out a 5-year pilot program examining the feasibility of leveraging private do-nations to construct new VA facilities, that public-private partnership. This is a new way of doing things and a unique opportunity for the taxpayer and for veterans. This bill could help facilities—and it will—like the Omaha VA Medical Center, which serve my constituents in Iowa as well as those in Nebraska. Now, I appreciate my colleague’s work, Congressman A
SHFORD , for push-ing this bill along. I was proud to sign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.057 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7306 December 7, 2016 
on as a cosponsor. Congressman A
SHFORD has shown great leadership and tenacity in getting this bill over the finish line. That is what he came here to do, to get things done. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to add some more comments about the legislation that we are about to pass. I concur in and associate my-self with the remarks of my colleague from Nebraska, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . I certainly want to extend my apprecia-tion to the majority for its generosity of spirit in this particular case. If there is anything that fills me with great hope that we can restore the esteem of this great institution in the eyes of the American people, it is when we pass legislation such as Mr. A
SHFORD ’s bill today. We rose above politics—both sides rose above politics—to do the right thing for veterans. It was our re-gard for veterans that brought us to-gether. It is fitting that this action is happening in the heartland of our country. This is no small measure today. The American people do not really see the drama. It looks very ef-fortless about what we are going to do because it is going to be voice voted. No real big drama is going to play out in front of everybody, but I am going to tell you that Republicans and Demo-crats worked together. I want to congratulate and show my appreciation to my whip, Mr. H
OYER . He worked his relationships with some Members on the other side in the Sen-ate, and it showed that we shouldn’t be so hasty to move our more senior Mem-bers so quickly out of their positions because these relationships matter after so many years. I will go more into detail with anyone who cares to know more about it later. Mr. M
CCAR-
THY, of my home State of California, my own Leader P
ELOSI , and staff on both sides of the aisle worked tirelessly to bring this bill. We are about to head home for the holiday season, and I can’t think of a greater gift that we can give—well, I can think of a lot of greater gifts, but this is a very important gift that we are going to give. It is truly a poten-tially transformative piece of legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers at this time. I just want to encour-age all of my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation and join me in passing H.R. 5099, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I, too, want to associate myself with the remarks of all the speakers and thank Mr. A
SHFORD for his persever-ance in bringing this, along with Mr. F
ORTENBERRY on our side and Chair-man M
ILLER and Ranking Member T
AKANO . This is the way we are going to have to do this more. There is a fi-nite amount of money we have. There is a finite amount of money we can provide for services, and looking for public-private partnerships, as my city in Johnson City, Tennessee, is doing right now with other projects. I think this is a model for what could go on in the country. I have a CBOC in my district where the local mayor provided use at a hos-pital for a dollar a year for the VA to have the VA facility there. I think that is going on in Nebraska right now. They are trying to see that happen. We need to be thinking about how we can provide these facilities to serve these great veterans who have served our country. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Mem-bers to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5099, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1445 TO RESEARCH, EVALUATE, AS-SESS, AND TREAT ASTRONAUTS ACT Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6076) to require the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to establish a program for the medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of astronauts, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6076 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘To Re-search, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astro-nauts Act’’ or the ‘‘TREAT Astronauts Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Human space exploration can pose sig-nificant challenges and is full of substantial risk, which has ultimately claimed the lives of 24 National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration astronauts serving in the line of duty. (2) As United States government astro-nauts participate in long-duration and explo-ration spaceflight missions they may experi-ence increased health risks, such as vision impairment, bone demineralization, and be-havioral health and performance risks, and may be exposed to galactic cosmic radiation. Exposure to high levels of radiation and microgravity can result in acute and long- term health consequences that can increase the risk of cancer and tissue degeneration and have potential effects on the musculo-skeletal system, central nervous system, cardiovascular system, immune function, and vision. (3) To advance the goal of long-duration and exploration spaceflight missions, United States government astronaut Scott Kelly participated in a one-year twins study in space while his identical twin brother, former United States government astronaut Mark Kelly, acted as a human control speci-men on Earth, providing an understanding of the physical, behavioral, microbiological, and molecular reaction of the human body to an extended period of time in space. (4) Since the Administration currently pro-vides medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment for United States government as-tronauts during their active employment, given the unknown long-term health con-sequences of long-duration space explo-ration, the Administration has requested statutory authority from Congress to pro-vide medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment to former United States govern-ment astronauts for psychological and med-ical conditions associated with human space flight. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should continue to seek the unknown and lead the world in space exploration and scientific discovery as the Administration prepares for long-dura-tion and exploration spaceflight in deep space and an eventual mission to Mars; (2) data relating to the health of astro-nauts will become increasingly valuable to improving our understanding of many dis-eases humans face on Earth; (3) the Administration should provide the type of monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment described in subsection (a) only for condi-tions the Administration considers unique to the training or exposure to the spaceflight environment of United States government astronauts and should not require any former United States government astronauts to participate in the Administration’s moni-toring; (4) such monitoring, diagnosis, and treat-ment should not replace a former United States government astronaut’s private health insurance; (5) expanded data acquired from such moni-toring, diagnosis, and treatment should be used to tailor treatment, inform the require-ments for new spaceflight medical hardware, and develop controls in order to prevent dis-ease occurrence in the astronaut corps; and (6) the 340-day space mission of Scott Kelly aboard the ISS— (A) was pivotal for the goal of the United States for humans to explore deep space and Mars as the mission generated new insight into how the human body adjusts to weightlessness, isolation, radiation, and the stress of long-duration space flight; and (B) will help support the physical and men-tal well-being of astronauts during longer space exploration missions in the future. 
SEC. 3. MEDICAL MONITORING AND RESEARCH RELATING TO HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 20148. Medical monitoring and research re-lating to human space flight ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may provide for the medical monitoring and diagnosis of a former United States govern-ment astronaut or a former payload spe-cialist for conditions that the Administrator considers potentially associated with human space flight, and may provide for the treat-ment of a former United States government astronaut or a former payload specialist for conditions that the Administrator considers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.058 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7307 December 7, 2016 
associated with human space flight, includ-ing scientific and medical tests for psycho-logical and medical conditions. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) N
O COST SHARING .—The medical moni-toring, diagnosis, or treatment described in subsection (a) shall be provided without any deductible, copayment, or other cost sharing obligation. ‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO LOCAL SERVICES .—The med- ical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment described in subsection (a) may be provided by a local health care provider if it is unadvisable due to the health of the applica-ble former United States government astro-naut or former payload specialist for that former United States government astronaut or former payload specialist to travel to the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, as deter-mined by the Administrator. ‘‘(3) S
ECONDARY PAYMENT .—Payment or re-imbursement for the medical monitoring, di-agnosis, or treatment described in subsection (a) shall be secondary to any obligation of the United States government or any third party under any other provision of law or contractual agreement to pay for or provide such medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treat-ment. Any costs for items and services that may be provided by the Administrator for medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment under subsection (a) that are not paid for or provided under such other provision of law or contractual agreement, due to the applica-tion of deductibles, copayments, coinsur-ance, other cost sharing, or otherwise, are reimbursable by the Administrator on behalf of the former United States government as-tronaut or former payload specialist in-volved to the extent such items or services are authorized to be provided by the Admin-istrator for such medical monitoring, diag-nosis, or treatment under subsection (a). ‘‘(4) C
ONDITIONAL PAYMENT .—The Adminis-trator may provide for conditional payments for or provide medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment described in subsection (a) that is obligated to be paid for or provided by the United States or any third party under any other provision of law or contractual agree-ment to pay for or provide such medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment if— ‘‘(A) payment for (or the provision of) such medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment services has not been made (or provided) or cannot reasonably be expected to be made (or provided) promptly by the United States or such third party, respectively; and ‘‘(B) such payment (or such provision of services) by the Administrator is conditioned on reimbursement by the United States or such third party, respectively, for such med-ical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment. ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSIONS .—The Administrator may not— ‘‘(1) provide for medical monitoring or di-agnosis of a former United States govern-ment astronaut or former payload specialist under subsection (a) for any psychological or medical condition that is not potentially as-sociated with human space flight; ‘‘(2) provide for treatment of a former United States government astronaut or former payload specialist under subsection (a) for any psychological or medical condi-tion that is not associated with human space flight; or ‘‘(3) require a former United States govern-ment astronaut or former payload specialist to participate in the medical monitoring, di-agnosis, or treatment authorized under sub-section (a). ‘‘(d) P
RIVACY .—Consistent with applicable provisions of Federal law relating to privacy, the Administrator shall protect the privacy of all medical records generated under sub-section (a) and accessible to the Administra-tion. ‘‘(e) REGULATIONS .—The Administrator shall promulgate such regulations as are necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITION OF UNITED STATES GOVERN -
MENT ASTRONAUT .—In this section, the term ‘United States government astronaut’ has the meaning given the term ‘government as-tronaut’ in section 50902, except it does not include an individual who is an international partner astronaut. ‘‘(g) D
ATA USE AND DISCLOSURE .—The Ad- ministrator may use or disclose data ac-quired in the course of medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment of a former United States government astronaut or a former payload specialist under subsection (a), in accordance with subsection (d). Former United States government astronaut or former payload specialist participation in medical monitoring, diagnosis, or treatment under subsection (a) shall constitute consent for the Administrator to use or disclose such data.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for chapter 201 of title 51, United States Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 20147 the fol-lowing: ‘‘20148. Medical monitoring and research re-lating to human space flight’’. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each fiscal year, not later than the date of submission of the Presi-dent’s annual budget request for that fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion shall publish a report, in accordance with applicable Federal privacy laws, on the activities of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration under section 20148 of title 51, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include a detailed cost ac-counting of the Administration’s activities under such section 20148 of title 51, United States Code, and a 5-year budget estimate. (3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Admin-istrator shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress each report under para-graph (1) not later than the date of submis-sion of the President’s annual budget request for that fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. (d) C
OSTESTIMATE .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall enter into an arrangement with an independent external organization to undertake an independent cost estimate of the cost to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Federal Government to implement and administer the activities of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration under section 20148 of title 51, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). The independent external organization may not be an entity of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, such as the Office of Safety and Mission Assurance. (2) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit the independent cost estimate under-taken pursuant to paragraph (1) to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate. (e) P
RIVACY STUDY .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion shall carry out a study on any potential privacy or legal issues related to the possible sharing beyond the Federal Government of data acquired under the activities of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion under section 20148 of title 51, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report containing the results of the study carried out under para-graph (1). (f) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT.—The Inspec-tor General of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall periodically audit or review, as the Inspector General considers necessary to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse, the activities of the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration under section 20148 of title 51, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) and the gentle-woman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 6076, the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for over 50 years, the United States of America has asked its bravest to travel to space in service of their country. From the dynamic launch environment to the unforgiving vacuum of space, to the energetic re-entry of Earth, human spaceflight places astronauts in challenging envi-ronments. Even training for spaceflight carries significant risks. I am very proud to say that I represent a great number of these astronauts who call Houston their home. As a nation, we have an obligation to those whom we put in harm’s way. As a Congress, we have a responsibility to provide for the treatment of conditions caused by Federal service. As a healthcare professional myself, and as their Representative, you can say it is my duty to make sure that these folks are taken care of properly. This is why I have sponsored H.R. 6076, the TREAT Astronauts Act, a very commonsense, fiscally responsible, bipartisan bill that makes sure that our brave men and women who venture into space re-ceive the support for medical issues as-sociated with their service. The psychological and medical data associated with an astronaut’s human spaceflight service is very important for our future space endeavors. The TREAT Astronauts Act will provide this additional data and will enable NASA to better understand the med-ical risks of spaceflight, minimize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.019 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7308 December 7, 2016 
these risks, and enable future long-du-ration missions to Mars and even be-yond. I am very thankful to Chairman L
AMAR SMITH for his support of the TREAT Astronauts Act and for his leadership as chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I am also very glad that my colleague, Ms. E
DWARDS , is an original cosponsor and that the bill was reported out of committee by a voice vote with broad bipartisan support. The amendment before us today rep-resents compromise language agreed upon with the Senate in good faith that this language will be included and passed in a NASA Authorization Act before the 114th Congress recesses. The program established under this com-promise language is very similar to the program that passed out of the com-mittee. In developing this bill, my staff and I had extensive discussions with former astronauts, NASA, and a number of other Federal agencies. The TREAT Astronauts Act is also informed by a hearing the Space Subcommittee held back in June, at which a number of former astronauts testified, including Captain Scott Kelly, who spent a year on the International Space Station. Under existing statutes, NASA has the authority to collect voluntary as-tronaut medical data for research. It exercises that authority through the Lifetime Surveillance of Astronaut Health program, or LSAH. However, there are limitations on the usefulness of the LSAH program. Former astro-naut participation is only 61 percent and the existing LSAH program only affords NASA access to yearly checkup data, not the entirety of the former as-tronauts’ medical records. Furthermore, NASA is unable to pro-vide for the appropriate diagnosis and treatment under the existing authority to conduct research. The TREAT As-tronauts Act solves this problem by supplementing existing authorities. Congress would be remiss not to en-sure that the TREAT Astronauts Act is fiscally responsible. The TREAT Astro-nauts Act is not a mandate and is sub-ject to existing discretionary appro-priations. In order to address cost risks, the bill establishes NASA as a secondary payer to existing obligations of the United States or third parties, ensuring that the cost to NASA is minimal. Estab-lishing NASA as a secondary payer is not unprecedented. For example, the Department of Defense is a secondary payer to veteran and civilian healthcare programs. Allow me to make this clear for the record. Although NASA is a secondary payer, the TREAT Astronauts Act pro-vides that no participating former as-tronaut or payload specialist will have to pay for anything out of pocket, in-cluding deductibles and copayments as-sociated with the primary payer. There are a number of reporting re-quirements, including an independent cost estimate and an annual fiscal re-port. These reports will ensure that Congress is well informed and able to conduct appropriate oversight. Participation in the program is vol-untary. No astronaut should be forced or coerced to participate in this pro-gram. In the event that an astronaut chooses not to participate in the pro-gram, there are still other occupa-tional healthcare options available to them. But if they do participate, the astronauts have consented that NASA can use and disclose the data they col-lect, subject to protecting their person-ally identifiable health information. In conclusion, I strongly support the TREAT Astronauts Act, and I urge my colleagues to support this common-sense, fiscally responsible, bipartisan bill that makes sure that our brave men and women who venture into space receive the support for medical issues associated with their service. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6076, as amended, the TREAT Astro-nauts Act. The House-passed, bipartisan NASA Authorization Act of 2015 set the long- term goal of sending humans to the surface of Mars. The amendments to the TREAT Astronauts Act being con-sidered today will help provide the re-search results needed to achieve this goal. As Chairman B
ABIN noted, the amendment reflects compromise lan-guage agreed upon with the Senate in good faith. Committee Ranking Member J
OHN-
SONand I thank Space Subcommittee Chairman B
ABIN and his staff for work-ing together to achieve bipartisan and bicameral consensus on this amend-ment. Chairman B
ABIN and I both want to do the right thing for the health of our current and future astronauts. That is why I was pleased to be a cosponsor of this act to provide for monitoring, di-agnosis, and treatment of former astro-nauts. Our astronauts are heroes. They serve this Nation in the face of extreme risks. Some of those risks involve the potential for medical conditions that may not reveal themselves for years or even decades after an astronaut’s serv-ice. It is our responsibility to ensure that we, as a nation, acknowledge the risks that these heroes have taken and, in return, provide our astronauts with the medical monitoring and treatment they need. It is also our responsibility to miti-gate the risks for future NASA explor-ers, especially as we put in place the systems and missions to prepare the way for human exploration to Mars. Such risk mitigation requires data about astronauts’ mental and psycho-logical health. H.R. 6076, as amended, maintains the three principles I identified as critical to this legislation in the original bill. The first principle is getting care to former astronauts under this program as soon as possible. NASA has indi-cated that some former astronauts could already benefit from this new au-thority. As Chairman BABIN noted, this bill provides NASA with supplementary au-thority. As such, I would expect that monitoring provided by NASA’s Life-time Surveillance of Astronaut Health program will continue to be made available to any former astronaut or payload specialist electing not to par-ticipate in the program being estab-lished by this legislation. The second principle is being respect-ful of astronaut rights and privacy. As we expand the amount of data collected on former astronaut health, it is im-portant that we place a priority on en-suring the privacy of the data. NASA is tasked to report on how the agency will ensure the privacy of astronauts in the program when data is shared be-yond the Federal Government. The third principle is ensuring that the program is in sync with the goal of sending humans to Mars. Expanded data acquired from the monitoring, di-agnosis, and treatment of former astro-nauts and former shuttle payload spe-cialists will be invaluable for inform-ing the requirements for new spaceflight medical hardware and de-veloping controls to prevent disease oc-currence in the astronaut corps. Mr. Speaker, it is also my hope that Congress and the administration will enable NASA to get to Mars sooner rather than later. As part of that ef-fort, we must establish the safeguards that will get our astronauts there and back safely. Supporting this bill will allow us to stay on that vector. I ask my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the full committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas, the author of this bill, for yielding. I also want to say that Congressman B
RIAN B
ABIN is an excellent chairman of the Space Subcommittee of the full Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, since NASA selected the first group of astronauts in 1959, more than 300 brave American astro-nauts have ventured into the cosmos as explorers. In an age when spaceflight has come to seem almost routine, it is easy to overlook how dangerous it is and how little we know about its long- term health effects. H.R. 6076, the TREAT Astronauts Act, ensures that our courageous men and women who venture into space re-ceive support for medical issues associ-ated with their service. The TREAT Astronauts Act also will help us better understand the medical science of human spaceflight, enabling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.062 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7309 December 7, 2016 
next generation of explorers to lit-erally go where no man has gone be-fore. I should say where no man or woman has gone before. The TREAT Astronauts Act builds upon NASA’s existing Lifetime Sur-veillance of Astronaut Health program and will operate within existing NASA resources. It provides for enhanced monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of conditions associated with spaceflight service. I thank Space Subcommittee Chair-man B
RIAN BABIN again for introducing this legislation and for his persistence in getting us to the point of passage. We wouldn’t be here today without him. I urge my colleagues to support the TREAT Astronauts Act. Before I conclude, Mr. Speaker, I would just like to take a moment to thank the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ), who is a friend and has been the ranking member of the Space Subcommittee for the last 2 years, for her outstanding service to Congress and for being a wonderful contributor to the Science Committee as a whole, and in particular the Space Sub-committee. To almost any subject, she always brings enthusiasm, knowledge, and in this case, an almost unequal dedication to space exploration, which we will continue to appreciate both now and in the future. I just thank her again for, as I said, her many contribu-tions to the committee and the sub-committee and say that I hope she stays in touch with us. She will always be a friend of the committee and many members of this side of the aisle. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I want to share with Chairman S
MITH that I am so grateful for his remarks today on the floor. He beat me to the punch, but it has been a pleasure both to work on the committee since the beginning of my time here in the Congress. It is the most fun I think that I have ever had, and I have truly enjoyed the colle-gial working relationship and friend-ship that we have shared on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6076, as amended, To Research, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astronauts Act, or the TREAT Astronauts Act. Long-duration exposure to micro-gravity and space radiation can lead to chronic health effects such as muscle atrophy, bone loss, permanent vision impairment, and cancer. However, there is much we still need to under-stand regarding how the space environ-ment relates to these effects and other critical biological functions, such as immunity and tissue healing, so that appropriate countermeasures can be developed. b1500 This bill, as amended, would provide NASA with the statutory authority to perform monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment for former astronauts for medical or psychological conditions as-sociated with human spaceflight. Through this authorization, NASA would be able to acquire data from a larger set of participants, and the data acquired on former astronauts would be more comprehensive. This bill, as amended, reflects several changes that strengthen and improve the bipartisan bill that passed out of committee in September. In particular, the provision that would sunset the monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment program for former astronauts after 10 years has been removed. In addition, the current version of the bill removes a provision that would have denied a fiscal year’s authoriza-tion of appropriations for the program if NASA did not submit an annual re-port on time. Mr. Speaker, NASA’s astronauts are some of the most accomplished, highly trained, and courageous individuals who serve our Nation in the pursuit of furthering our exploration of outer space. We owe them a debt of gratitude for their willingness to risk their health and their lives in the further-ance of space exploration. I would urge all of the House Members to vote for and pass H.R. 6076, as amended. I too want to join the chairman to express my appreciation and thanks for the services of Congresswoman DONNA  E
DWARDS for her leadership in bringing this measure to this point and to her overall leadership as subcommittee ranking member of the Space Sub-committee. She has made many ef-forts, has led the committee with much understanding, and we certainly will miss her. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I hope that my col-leagues will join us in this bipartisan effort to make sure that we can get signed into law the TREAT Act for our current, former, and future astronauts. I would like to close by expressing my gratitude to Chairman L
AMAR  S
MITH, to Ranking Member E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON , and to our Sub-committee Chair B
ABIN for their gra-ciousness and for their leadership. It has truly been a joy to work on the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. It is one of the few places in the United States House of Representa-tives where our charge is really to think about the future, and it is in this spirit that this legislation is in front of us today. I hadn’t anticipated, Mr. Speaker, that I would have a moment on the floor of the House, my last moment on the floor of the House before I depart my service to the United States House of Representatives, but I am grateful for that. As I reflect on the last 8
1⁄2years, it has really been a pleasure, particu-larly, to work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and to do that in what seems like a contentious environment sometimes but has been a lot of collegiality. As I close my service in the Congress, I am, Mr. Speaker, reminded that, as a little girl, I used to picnic with my fa-ther and my mother and my siblings on the west front of the Capitol. My dad was in his Air Force uniform, prepared to go back to work after we had had our little picnic. As little girls, we would run around to the east front of the Capitol, Mr. Speaker, and climb the steps, when you could climb the steps. And we would sit there in between my father and look out on the United States Supreme Court and the Library of Congress. I never would have imagined, Mr. Speaker, that I would have an oppor-tunity to serve in the House of Rep-resentatives; and it has been a great privilege and a joy to represent the people of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Maryland. I wish for my colleagues here in the Congress that, as we approach the 115th Congress, and in the spirit of service to this great Nation, that we work to-gether in service to the Nation. When we come to work every day, Mr. Speaker, people think about things that are big and small; but for a lot of people out there, a lot of our constitu-ents, it is about their health and their life, their safety and their security, the ability of them to raise their children, and to move forward. And I wish that, in the upcoming Congress, that we have an opportunity to do those things together, and that you do. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the staff of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and the Space Subcommittee, Allen Li, Pam Whitney, Dick Obermann; Anne Nelson on the minority staff, and the majority staff for all of their work; to the people who serve in this institution and serve us tremendously, from the Parliamentar-ians to the stenographers and the Clerk’s staff, and the Marshals Service and the Capitol Police, and all of it, be-cause it makes the trains run, and it means that we can get the job done of the people of the United States. God bless the United States of Amer-ica. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I would like to thank our full com-mittee chairman, LAMAR SMITH; our ranking subcommittee member, Ms. E
DWARDS from Maryland; and also our ranking member of the full committee, E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON from Texas as well. I would also like to thank my staff and the staff of the full committee, as well as the subcommittee, who have worked so hard to make this bill hap-pen. It was so badly needed for our as-tronauts. Mr. Speaker, I include a letter from the American Association of Space Ex-plorers into the R
ECORD . This is signed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.063 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7310 December 7, 2016 
by the president of the American Asso-ciation of Space Explorers, astronaut Michael Lopez-Alegria. 
ASSOCIATION OF SPACE  E
XPLORERS —USA, Webster, TX, 7 December 2016. Hon. B
RIAN BABIN, Chair, Subcommittee on Space, House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BABIN: I am writing on be-half of the U.S. chapter of the international Association of Space Explorers (ASE–USA) to strongly endorse H.R. 6076, the ‘‘To Re-search, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astro-nauts’’ (TREAT) Act, that is under consider-ation by the House of Representatives. Our organization counts over 210 American current and former flown astronauts as its members. Our mission is to provide a forum for professional dialogue among individuals who have flown in space, to promote edu-cation in science and mathematics and in-spire in students a lifelong commitment to learning, to foster environmental awareness and encourage planetary stewardship, to pro-mote the benefits of space science and explo-ration and to advocate for international co-operation and operational compatibility in current and future space exploration endeav-ors. We in the astronaut community applaud your Committee for recognizing the risks in-herent in traveling to and exploring space, and for ensuring that the men and women who do so on behalf of our nation receive support for medical issues associated with their service. I urge the House to pass the TREAT Act so that my colleagues and future generations of Americans can continue to explore and ex-pand the frontiers of space and human knowledge, and can return home to Earth suitably protected from the potential med-ical consequences of those endeavors on be-half of the United States. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL LOPEZ-ALEGRIA , President. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6076, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
NATIONAL URBAN SEARCH AND RESCUE RESPONSE SYSTEM ACT OF 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2971) to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2971 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Urban Search and Rescue Response System Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL URBAN SEARCH AND RESCUE RESPONSE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5141 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 327. NATIONAL URBAN SEARCH AND RES-CUE RESPONSE SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(2) A
GENCY .—The term ‘Agency’ means the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy. ‘‘(3) H
AZARD .—The term ‘hazard’ has the meaning given the term in section 602. ‘‘(4) N
ONEMPLOYEE SYSTEM MEMBER .—The term ‘nonemployee System member’ means a System member not employed by a spon-soring agency or participating agency. ‘‘(5) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY .—The term ‘participating agency’ means a State or local government, nonprofit organization, or pri-vate organization that has executed an agreement with a sponsoring agency to par-ticipate in the System. ‘‘(6) S
PONSORING AGENCY .—The term ‘spon-soring agency’ means a State or local gov-ernment that is the sponsor of a task force designated by the Administrator to partici-pate in the System. ‘‘(7) S
YSTEM .—The term ‘System’ means the National Urban Search and Rescue Re-sponse System to be administered under this section. ‘‘(8) S
YSTEM MEMBER .—The term ‘System member’ means an individual who is not a full-time employee of the Federal Govern-ment and who serves on a task force or on a System management or other technical team. ‘‘(9) T
ASK FORCE .—The term ‘task force’ means an urban search and rescue team des-ignated by the Administrator to participate in the System. ‘‘(b) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to the requirements of this section, the Adminis-trator shall continue to administer the emergency response system known as the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—In administering the Sys-tem, the Administrator shall provide for a national network of standardized search and rescue resources to assist States and local governments in responding to hazards. ‘‘(d) T
ASKFORCES .— ‘‘(1) D
ESIGNATION .—The Administrator shall designate task forces to participate in the System. The Administration shall deter-mine the criteria for such participation. ‘‘(2) S
PONSORING AGENCIES .—Each task force shall have a sponsoring agency. The Administrator shall enter into an agreement with the sponsoring agency with respect to the participation of each task force in the System. ‘‘(3) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(A) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCIES .—A task force may include, at the discretion of the sponsoring agency, 1 or more participating agencies. The sponsoring agency shall enter into an agreement with each participating agency with respect to the participation of the participating agency on the task force. ‘‘(B) O
THER INDIVIDUALS .—A task force may also include, at the discretion of the spon-soring agency, other individuals not other-wise associated with the sponsoring agency or a participating agency. The sponsoring agency of a task force may enter into a sepa-rate agreement with each such individual with respect to the participation of the indi-vidual on the task force. ‘‘(e) MANAGEMENT AND TECHNICAL TEAMS .— The Administrator shall maintain such man-agement teams and other technical teams as the Administrator determines are necessary to administer the System. ‘‘(f) A
PPOINTMENT OF SYSTEM MEMBERS  I
NTOFEDERAL SERVICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may appoint a System member into Federal serv-ice for a period of service to provide for the participation of the System member in exer-cises, preincident staging, major disaster and emergency response activities, and training events sponsored or sanctioned by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(2) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN CIVIL  
SERVICE LAWS .—The Administrator may make appointments under paragraph (1) without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service. ‘‘(3) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER AUTHORITIES .— The authority of the Administrator to make appointments under this subsection shall not affect any other authority of the Adminis-trator under this Act. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—A System member who is appointed into Federal service under para-graph (1) shall not be considered an employee of the United States for purposes other than those specifically set forth in this section. ‘‘(g) C
OMPENSATION .— ‘‘(1) P
AY OF SYSTEM MEMBERS .—Subject to such terms and conditions as the Adminis-trator may impose by regulation, the Admin-istrator shall make payments to the spon-soring agency of a task force— ‘‘(A) to reimburse each employer of a Sys-tem member on the task force for compensa-tion paid by the employer to the System member for any period during which the Sys-tem member is appointed into Federal serv-ice under subsection (f)(1); and ‘‘(B) to make payments directly to a non-employee System member on the task force for any period during which the nonemployee System member is appointed into Federal service under subsection (f)(1). ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR EMPLOYEES FILL -
ING POSITIONS OF SYSTEM MEMBERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to such terms and conditions as the Administrator may im-pose by regulation, the Administrator shall make payments to the sponsoring agency of a task force to be used to reimburse each em-ployer of a System member on the task force for compensation paid by the employer to an employee filling a position normally filled by the System member for any period during which the System member is appointed into Federal service under subsection (f)(1). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Costs incurred by an em-ployer shall be eligible for reimbursement under subparagraph (A) only to the extent that the costs are in excess of the costs that would have been incurred by the employer had the System member not been appointed into Federal service under subsection (f)(1). ‘‘(3) M
ETHOD OF PAYMENT .—A System mem-ber shall not be entitled to pay directly from the Agency for a period during which the System member is appointed into Federal Service under subsection (f)(1). ‘‘(h) P
ERSONAL INJURY , I LLNESS , D IS-
ABILITY , ORDEATH .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A System member who is appointed into Federal service under sub-section (f)(1) and who suffers personal injury, illness, disability, or death as a result of a personal injury sustained while acting in the scope of such appointment, shall, for the pur-poses of subchapter I of chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, be treated as though the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.064 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7311 December 7, 2016 
member were an employee (as defined by sec-tion 8101 of that title) who had sustained the injury in the performance of duty. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION OF BENEFITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A System member (or, in the case of the death of the System mem-ber, the System member’s dependent) who is entitled under paragraph (1) to receive bene-fits under subchapter I of chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, by reason of personal injury, illness, disability, or death, and to re-ceive benefits from a State or local govern-ment by reason of the same personal injury, illness, disability or death shall elect to— ‘‘(i) receive benefits under such subchapter; or ‘‘(ii) receive benefits from the State or local government. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE .—A System member or de-pendent shall make an election of benefits under subparagraph (A) not later than 1 year after the date of the personal injury, illness, disability, or death that is the reason for the benefits, or until such later date as the Sec-retary of Labor may allow for reasonable cause shown. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT OF ELECTION .—An election of benefits made under this paragraph is irrev-ocable unless otherwise provided by law. ‘‘(3) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR STATE OR LOCAL  
BENEFITS .—Subject to such terms and condi-tions as the Administrator may impose by regulation, if a System member or dependent elects to receive benefits from a State or local government under paragraph (2)(A), the Administrator shall reimburse the State or local government for the value of the bene-fits. ‘‘(4) P
UBLIC SAFETY OFFICER CLAIMS .—Noth- ing in this subsection shall be construed to bar any claim by, or with respect to, any System member who is a public safety offi-cer, as defined in section 1204 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b), for any benefits au-thorized under part L of title I of that Act (42 U.S.C. 3796 et seq.). ‘‘(i) L
IABILITY .—A System member ap-pointed into Federal service under sub-section (f)(1), while acting within the scope of the appointment, shall be considered to be an employee of the Federal Government under section 1346(b) of title 28, United States Code, and chapter 171 of that title, re-lating to tort claims procedure. ‘‘(j) E
MPLOYMENT AND REEMPLOYMENT  R
IGHTS .—With respect to a System member who is not a regular full-time employee of a sponsoring agency or participating agency, the following terms and conditions apply: ‘‘(1) S
ERVICE .—Service as a System mem-ber shall be considered to be ‘service in the uniformed services’ for purposes of chapter 43 of title 38, United States Code, relating to employment and reemployment rights of in-dividuals who have performed service in the uniformed services (regardless of whether the individual receives compensation for such participation). All rights and obliga-tions of such persons and procedures for as-sistance, enforcement, and investigation shall be as provided for in such chapter. ‘‘(2) P
RECLUSION .—Preclusion of giving no-tice of service by necessity of appointment under this section shall be considered to be preclusion by ‘military necessity’ for pur-poses of section 4312(b) of title 38, United States Code, pertaining to giving notice of absence from a position of employment. A determination of such necessity shall be made by the Administrator and shall not be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(k) L
ICENSES AND PERMITS .—If a System member holds a valid license, certificate, or other permit issued by any State or other governmental jurisdiction evidencing the member’s qualifications in any professional, mechanical, or other skill or type of assist-ance required by the System, the System member is deemed to be performing a Fed-eral activity when rendering aid involving such skill or assistance during a period of ap-pointment into Federal service under sub-section (f)(1). ‘‘(l) PREPAREDNESS COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—Subject to the availability of appro-priations for such purpose, the Adminis-trator shall enter into an annual prepared-ness cooperative agreement with each spon-soring agency. Amounts made available to a sponsoring agency under such a preparedness cooperative agreement shall be for the fol-lowing purposes: ‘‘(1) Training and exercises, including training and exercises with other Federal, State, and local government response enti-ties. ‘‘(2) Acquisition and maintenance of equip-ment, including interoperable communica-tions and personal protective equipment. ‘‘(3) Medical monitoring required for re-sponder safety and health in anticipation of and following a major disaster, emergency, or other hazard, as determined by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(m) R
ESPONSE COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—The Administrator shall enter into a response cooperative agreement with each sponsoring agency, as appropriate, under which the Administrator agrees to reimburse the sponsoring agency for costs incurred by the sponsoring agency in responding to a major disaster or emergency. ‘‘(n) O
BLIGATIONS .—The Administrator may incur all necessary obligations consistent with this section in order to ensure the effec-tiveness of the System. ‘‘(o) E
QUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND RE-
PLACEMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101)) a report on the develop-ment of a plan, including implementation steps and timeframes, to finance, maintain, and replace System equipment.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 5 , UNITED STATES  
CODE .—Section 8101(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by transferring subparagraph (F) to be-tween subparagraph (E) and the matter fol-lowing subparagraph (E); (C) in subparagraph (F)— (i) by striking ‘‘United States Code,’’; and (ii) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following: ‘‘(G) an individual who is a System mem-ber of the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System during a period of appoint-ment into Federal service pursuant to sec-tion 327 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act;’’. (2) I
NCLUSION AS PART OF UNIFORMED SERV -
ICES FOR PURPOSES OF USERRA .—Section 4303 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (13), by inserting ‘‘, a pe-riod for which a System member of the Na-tional Urban Search and Rescue Response System is absent from a position of employ-ment due to an appointment into Federal service under section 327 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act’’ before ‘‘, and a period’’; and (B) in paragraph (16), by inserting ‘‘System members of the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System during a period of appointment into Federal service under sec-tion 327 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act,’’ after ‘‘Public Health Service,’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 1086(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 is amended as follows (which amendments shall take effect as if enacted on January 2, 2013)— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘filed or’’ and inserting ‘‘filed (consistent with pre- existing effective dates) or’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘amendments made by this Act’’ and insert-ing ‘‘amendments made to section 1204 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b) by this Act’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S. 2971, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thank-ing Chairman S
HUSTER for his tremen-dous support and leadership on this issue. For over 8 years, the bipartisan leadership of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee has been the driving force behind trying to get these reforms through Congress, and, today, we are closer than ever. I also want to thank Ranking Mem-ber D
EFAZIO and Ranking Member C AR-
SONfor their bipartisan support. The House unanimously passed a nearly identical measure earlier this year as part of the FEMA Disaster As-sistance Reform Act, H.R. 1471. Today, when members of the search and rescue teams are federalized and sent across State lines, they don’t know who, if anyone, will pay for their injuries, disabilities, or death. So S. 2971 addresses that issue and clarifies that longstanding concern which has hindered the deployment of critical search and rescue teams between States. Currently, there are 28 USAR teams across the Nation. Members of these teams are cross-trained in areas such as search, rescue, medical, hazardous materials, and logistics. The teams in-clude firefighters, physicians, struc-tural engineers, and first responders, and they are trained and equipped with help from FEMA. While the members of these teams are not Federal, they do not hesitate to respond to disasters in other States. These teams have been deployed over the years to numerous disasters, in-cluding the Pentagon and World Trade Center on 9/11, Hurricane Sandy, and, most recently, Hurricane Matthew. The challenge has been that when these team members are federalized, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.023 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7312 December 7, 2016 
they do not have clarity on who would be responsible if they were injured or even killed while performing their jobs. It is amazing that we ask these men and women to go into collapsed struc-tures to search for trapped survivors, risking life and limb, without pro-viding them with clarity when it comes to liability and injuries. The stories of the selfless heroism of these men and women are numerous and humbling. Their work is tireless, physically and emotionally demanding, and nerve-racking. In Hurricane Matthew, one team helped make more than 100 rescues in North Carolina alone, including the rescue of a 98-year-old hospice patient, when they had to go into areas where the water was 5 to 7 feet above street level, and they could only see the tops of the street signs. In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, a single task force rescued more than 850 individuals in 17 hours from a flood-ed area overwhelmed by a tidal surge. And there are hundreds more such as these accounts. These heroes play an essential role in the Federal response to national disas-ters and catastrophes. In addition, the National USAR system benefits our State, local, and regional emergency managers and first responders through training, equipment, and preparedness. The local government and other enti-ties that sponsor the members of the teams should not have to worry about being left vulnerable or exposed by al-lowing their employees to participate in such a critical national asset. After 8 years, it is time to give men and women who put their lives at risk the liability protections they and their families need and deserve. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. First, I would like to compliment the Senate on passing the bill we passed last week, the 21st Century Cures Act, which will help research and save the lives of many Americans, something we did in a bipartisan fashion. I am pleased that that happened. I rise in support of S. 2971, the Na-tional Urban Search and Rescue Re-sponse System Act of 2016, as amended, which codifies the Urban Search and Rescue Response System. Authorizing the urban search and rescue teams, better known as USAR teams, and codifying protections for team members, such as workers’ comp and liability protections, have been a top priority of mine since I first intro-duced a bill to do so in 2007, my first year in Congress. I was pleased that the late former Democratic Transportation and Infra-structure Chairman, an outstanding Member, Mr. Oberstar, now deceased, included my USAR language in a bill that was reported from the committee in 2010. Since then, legislation author-izing USAR teams has passed the House several times, and now the Sen-ate has passed one as well. b1515 The 28 urban search and rescue teams that are strategically located across the United States provide timely re-sponse when needed in the aftermath of a disaster. In fact, USAR teams can be ready for deployment within 6 hours of being called up. These specialized teams of first re-sponders provide search and rescue services, extraction from structural collapses, and swift, rapid rescue, among other activities, after disaster strikes. Their dedication is truly com-mendable, as they drop everything in their busy daily lives to come to the prompt assistance of others when need-ed. It should be noted that USAR teams even respond internationally when as-sistance is requested. In fact, two USAR teams deployed in the aftermath of Nepal’s earthquakes in 2015 and were responsible for many rescues from structural collapses. It is only appropriate that we ensure that they have the protection they need to perform their jobs as well as the peace of mind that will come from clarity in compensation and liability issues. USAR teams may be composed of firefighters, law enforcement officers, paramedics, engineers, medical profes-sionals, and canine handlers. Often, these team members are civil servants. By extending job protection benefits when activated for Federal service, team members know that their jobs will be waiting at home for them. In addition, it helps USAR teams recruit and retain new members. Tennessee’s USAR, known as Ten-nessee Task Force One, has a strong commitment to their jobs, and they do an extraordinarily good job. Tennessee Task Force One is based in Memphis, Tennessee, and consists of firefighters, police officers, and civilians; and they responded when called to assist in the aftermath of disasters, such as Hurri-cane Matthew in South Carolina and, most recently, for the tragic wildfires in our Smoky Mountains. They did so despite the uncertainty of whether they would be covered for any injuries. Their actions are truly heroic, and I applaud them and their dedication. The protections in today’s bill are long overdue, and team members can now rest assured that they will be taken care of if they are injured when per-forming Federal duties. I am sadly disappointed, though, that the Republican leadership is once again selectively choosing when and when not to enforce its budget rules. The un-derlying Senate bill we are considering authorized ‘‘such sums as necessary’’ to carry out the USAR system. Despite the House having passed a bill author-izing ‘‘such sums as necessary’’ for the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System earlier this year, we are now told that this authorization violates budget rules and an amendment and further consideration by the Senate is required. As a result, USAR team members must wait another day before we afford them the protections that they de-serve. They deserve better, and they deserve laws that will ensure that Con-gress will appropriate adequate funds to support them and their activities. I thank all the USAR teams for their service, and I thank Mr. B
ARLETTA for working on this bill as well. I urge my colleagues to support our USAR teams by supporting the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on S. 2971. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2971, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate concurs in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 34) ‘‘An Act to author-ize and strengthen the tsunami detec-tion, forecast, warning, research, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGA-TION WHISTLEBLOWER PROTEC-TION ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5790) to provide adequate protec-tions for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5790 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Bu-reau of Investigation Whistleblower Protec-tion Enhancement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES IN THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVES-TIGATION. 
Section 2303(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘any employee of the Bureau’’ and all that follows through ‘‘health or safety’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘an employee in, or applicant for, a position in the Bureau as a reprisal for a dis-closure of information— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.067 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7313 December 7, 2016 
‘‘(1) made— ‘‘(A) in the case of an employee, to a super-visor in the direct chain of command of the employee, up to and including the head of the employing agency; ‘‘(B) to the Inspector General; ‘‘(C) to the Office of Professional Responsi-bility of the Department of Justice; ‘‘(D) to the Office of Professional Responsi-bility of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; ‘‘(E) to the Inspection Division of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation; ‘‘(F) as described in section 7211; ‘‘(G) to the Office of Special Counsel; or ‘‘(H) to an employee designated by any of-ficer, employee, office, or division described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) for the pur-pose of receiving such disclosures; and ‘‘(2) which the employee or applicant rea-sonably believes evidences— ‘‘(A) any violation of any law, rule, or reg-ulation; or ‘‘(B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substan-tial and specific danger to public health or safety’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5790, the FBI Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2016, as amended. We have great respect and admira-tion for the FBI. They do wonderful work. In fact, I was always proud of my grandfather. He was a career FBI agent serving here in the Greater Wash-ington, D.C., area and then up in Penn-sylvania for a long period of time. It is because I respect the FBI and its agents that I helped introduce this bill. The whistleblower protections in the FBI have really not kept up with the rest of government. That is why we need a change here. The whistleblowers at the FBI should be treated the same as they are within the rest of the Fed-eral Government, and this simple bill goes to help correct that. H.R. 5790 would clarify Congress’ longstanding intent to protect whistle-blowers when they make disclosures to the same supervisors who have the power to take personnel actions against them. While a great many changes remain to be made in how the Department of Justice and the FBI re-spond to whistleblowers, this clarifica-tion is not a minor one. If imple-mented, it would have far-reaching im-plications in protecting whistleblowers at the FBI just as Congress intended in 1978 in the Whistleblower Protection Act. The FBI Director, Mr. Comey, testi-fied a year ago in the Senate that he ‘‘very much’’ supports legal protec-tions for FBI employees who follow FBI’s own policies and report wrong-doing to their supervisors. Similarly, the Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, testified: ‘‘We certainly support pro-tecting those who report within their chain of command.’’ I want to thank, in particular, the Senate Judiciary Committee, and spe-cifically Chairman CHUCK GRASSLEY for his leadership in first introducing this version of the bill. We are also grateful for the support of my colleagues, in-cluding Representative H
AKEEM  J
EFFRIES , who joined me as the lead Democrat on this bill in this House. I also want to particularly thank E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , the ranking member of the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee, a great friend and colleague and somebody who also has been very supportive of the passage of this bill. I thank him for his work and commitment on this issue. Mr. C
UMMINGS , personally and through his dedicated staff, contin-ually has worked hand in hand on whis-tleblower protections, and this is no exception. Together, we have sent the message throughout the Federal Gov-ernment that protecting whistle-blowers is not a partisan issue, and passing this bill will not mark the end of the road for reforming whistleblower protections at the FBI. In fact, in the next Congress, I look forward to ad-dressing other issues raised by the whistleblower community in the GAO as well as the Department of Justice. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5790, as amended. This bill will provide FBI employees with protection for blowing the whistle to a supervisor and make it a prohibited personnel practice to retaliate against a whistleblower for making such a disclosure. This bill will also ensure that FBI employees are protected when they blow the whistle to certain other indi-viduals, including the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Justice and the Office of Special Counsel. These small improvements to protect FBI whistleblowers are why I support this measure before us. The version of this bill that was re-ported by the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee would have done much more to protect the whistle-blowers at the FBI than the measure before us today. The introduced version of this bill would have strengthened the whistleblower protections for FBI employees by more closely aligning them with those of the rest of the Fed-eral workforce. For example, it would have strength-ened the appeals process for whistle-blowers by requiring appellate review by the Attorney General and giving employees access to the courts. It would have defined prohibited per-sonnel practices to be consistent with those of other Federal employees, and it would have prohibited the use of nondisclosure agreements unless the employee was fully aware of his or her rights before signing such an agree-ment. We should work to enact these addi-tional improvements in the next Con-gress. All employees deserve strong whistleblower protections, including the employees of the FBI. Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my ranking member, Mr. CUMMINGS , and to our chair of the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee, thank you for the hearings and the dedicated work to ensure that our FBI agents are protected in any case of whistle-blowing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, Mrs. L
AWRENCE . I want to thank the ranking member, Mr. C
UMMINGS . This is a good, bipartisan issue. It is really a nonpartisan issue. It is to pro-tect Federal employees within the FBI so that they can have the whistle-blower protections that, really, most of the rest of the government has, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5790, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TRANSPARENT INSURANCE STANDARDS ACT OF 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 944, I call up the bill (H.R. 5143) to provide greater transparency and congressional over-sight of international insurance stand-ards setting processes, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 944, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Financial Services, printed in the bill, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.026 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7314 December 7, 2016 
text of Rules Committee Print 114–68, is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5143 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transparent In-surance Standards Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The State-based system for insurance regu-lation in the United States has served American consumers well for more than 150 years and has fostered an open and competitive marketplace with a diversity of insurance products to the benefit of policyholders and consumers. (2) Protecting policyholders by regulating to ensure an insurer’s ability to pay claims has been the hallmark of the successful United States system and should be the paramount ob-jective of domestic prudential regulation and emerging international standards. (3) United States officials participating in dis-cussions or negotiations regarding international insurance standards shall support standards de-signed for the protection of policyholders. (4) The Secretary of the Treasury shall seek advice and recommendations from a diverse group of outside experts in performing the duties and authorities of the Secretary to coordinate Federal efforts and develop Federal policy on prudential aspects of international insurance matters. (5) The draft of the Higher Loss Absorbency capital standard adopted in 2015 by the Inter-national Association of Insurance Supervisors, notwithstanding the concerns of U.S. parties to the International Association of Insurance Su-pervisors, unequally affects insurance products offered in the United States, an issue that must be addressed. (6) Any international standard agreed to at the International Association of Insurance Su-pervisors is not self-executing in the United States for any insurer until implemented through the required Federal or State legislative or regulatory process. 
SEC. 3. OBJECTIVES FOR INTERNATIONAL INSUR-ANCE STANDARDS. 
The objectives of the United States regarding international insurance standards are as fol-lows: (1) To ensure standards that maintain strong protection of policy holders, as reflected in the United States solvency regime. (2) To ensure, pursuant to enactment of the Insurance Capital Standards Clarification Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–279), standards that are appropriate for insurers and are not bank-cen-tric in nature. (3) To promote a principles-based approach to insurance supervision, in which capital ade-quacy is assessed using risk-based capital re-quirements for insurance combined with quali-tative risk assessment and management tools. (4) To consider the most efficient and least disruptive approaches to enhancing regulatory assessment of the capital adequacy of insurance groups, including tools that are already in place. (5) To ensure that any international insur-ance standard recognizes prudential measures used within the United States as satisfying standards finalized by international standard- setting organizations. (6) To support increasing transparency at any global insurance or international standard-set-ting organization in which the United States participates, including advocating for greater stakeholder public observer access to working groups and committee meetings of the Inter-national Association of Insurance Supervisors. (7) To ensure that there is a sufficient period for public consultation and comment regarding any proposed international insurance standard before it takes effect. (8) To ensure that the Secretary of the Treas-ury and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System achieve consensus positions with State insurance commissioners when the Sec-retary and the Board are United States partici-pants in discussions on insurance issues before the International Association of Insurance Su-pervisors, Financial Stability Board, or any other international forum of financial regu-lators or supervisors that considers such issues. (9) To consider the impact of any such stand-ard on the availability and cost of products to consumers. (10) To avoid measures that could limit the availability and accessibility of risk protection and retirement security products that are essen-tial to meeting the needs of aging populations. (11) To ensure that the merits of existing State-based capital standards are recognized and incorporated in any domestic or global in-surance capital standard. (12) To advocate for insurance regulatory standards that are based on the nature, scale, and complexity of the risks posed by the regu-lated insurance group and entity or activity. SEC. 4. REQUIREMENTS FOR CONSENT TO ADOPT INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE STAND-ARDS. 
(a) P UBLICATION OF STANDARDS ; ADOPTION OF  C
APITAL AND PRUDENTIAL STANDARDS .—The United States may not agree to, accept, estab-lish, enter into, or consent to the adoption of a final international insurance standard with an international standard-setting organization or a foreign government, authority, or regulatory en-tity unless the requirements under both of the following paragraphs are complied with: (1) P
UBLICATION .—The requirements under this paragraph are complied with if the condi-tions under one of the following subparagraphs have been met: (A) B
Y FEDERAL RESERVE AND TREASURY .—The Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System and the Secretary of the Treasury have caused the proposed text of the proposed final international insurance standard to be published in the Federal Register and made available for public comment for a period of not fewer than 30 days (which period may run concurrently with the 90-day period re-ferred to in subsection (b)(3)). (B) B
Y STATE INSURANCE COMMISSIONERS .— The State insurance commissioners have caused the proposed text of the proposed international insurance standard to be published in a similar form and manner that provides for notice and public comment. (2) C
APITAL STANDARD .—In the case only of a final international insurance standard setting forth any capital standard or standards for in-surers— (A) such international capital standard is consistent with capital requirements set forth in the State-based system of insurance regulation; (B) the Board has issued capital requirements for insurance companies supervised by the Board and subject to such requirements, which shall be issued through rulemaking in accord-ance with the procedures established under sec-tion 553 of title 5, United States Code, regarding substantive rules, under which the periods for notice and public comment shall each have a duration of not fewer than 60 days; and (C) to the extent that such international cap-ital standard is intended to be applied to a com-pany or companies supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, is con-sistent with the capital requirements of the Board for such companies. (b) S
UBMISSION AND LAYOVER PROVISIONS .— The Secretary and the Board may not agree to, accept, establish, enter into, or consent to the adoption of an international insurance stand-ard established through an international stand-ard-setting organization or a foreign govern-ment, authority, or regulatory entity unless— (1) the Secretary and the Board have— (A) conducted an analysis under subsection (c) of the proposed international insurance standard; and (B) submitted to the covered congressional committees, on a day on which both Houses of Congress are in session, a copy of the proposed final text of the proposed international insur-ance standard and the report required under subsection (c)(2) regarding such analysis; (2) the Secretary and the Chairman of the Board have determined, pursuant to such anal-ysis, that the proposed standard will not result in any change in State law; (3) with respect to a capital standard under subsection (a)(2), the Secretary and the Chair-man of the Board certify that the proposed international capital standard is designed solely to help ensure that sufficient funds are avail-able to pay claims to an insurer’s policyholders in the event of the liquidation of that entity; and (4) a period of 90 calendar days beginning on the date on which the copy of the proposed final text of the standard is submitted to the covered congressional committees under paragraph (1)(B) has expired, during which period the Congress may take action to approve or reject such final standard. (c) JOINT ANALYSIS BY CHAIR OF THE FEDERAL  R
ESERVE AND SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An analysis under this sub-section of a proposed final international insur-ance standard shall be an analysis conducted by the Secretary and the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, in consultation with the State insurance commis-sioners, of the impact of such standard on con-sumers and markets in the United States and whether any changes in State law will result from such final standard. (2) R
EPORT .—Upon completion of an analysis under this subsection of a final international in-surance standard, the Secretary and the Board shall submit a report on the results of the anal-ysis to the covered congressional committees and the Comptroller General of the United States. The report shall include a statement setting forth the determination made pursuant to para-graph (1) regarding any changes in State law resulting from such final standard. (3) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .— (A) N
OTICE .—The Secretary and the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System shall provide notice before the date on which drafting the report is commenced and after the date on which the draft of the report is completed. (B) O
PPORTUNITY FOR COMMENT .—There shall be an opportunity for public comment for a pe-riod beginning on the date on which the report is submitted under paragraph (2) and ending on the date that is not fewer than 60 days after the date on which the report is submitted. Nothing in this subparagraph shall affect the authority of the Board to issue the rule referred to in sub-section (a)(2). (4) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .—Upon submission of a report pursuant to paragraph (2) to the Comptroller General, the Comptroller General shall review the report and shall submit a report to the Congress setting forth the con-clusions of the Comptroller General’s review. (d) L
IMITED EFFECT .—This section may not be construed to establish or expand any authority to implement an international insurance stand-ard in the United States or for the United States or any representative of the Federal Government to adopt or enter into any international insur-ance standard. (e) T
REATMENT OF STATE LAW.—In accord-ance with the Act of March 9, 1945 (Chapter 20; 59 Stat. 33; 15 U.S.C. 1011 et seq.), commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘McCarran-Ferguson Act’’, this section may not be construed to preempt State law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.071 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7315 December 7, 2016 
SEC. 5. REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORTS AND TESTIMONY BY SECRETARY  
OF THE TREASURY AND CHAIR OF THE FEDERAL  R
ESERVE .—The Secretary and the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall submit to the covered congressional committees an annual report and provide testi-mony, not less often than every 6 months, to the covered congressional committees on the efforts of the Secretary and the Chairman with the State insurance commissioners with respect to international insurance standard-setting orga-nizations and international insurance stand-ards, including— (1) a description of the insurance standard- setting issues under discussion at international standard-setting bodies, including the Financial Stability Board and the International Associa-tion of Insurance Supervisors; (2) a description of the effects that inter-national insurance standards could have on consumers and insurance markets in the United States; (3) a description of any position taken by the Secretary and the Board in international insur-ance discussions or on any international insur-ance standard; (4) a description of the efforts by the Secretary and the Board to increase transparency and ac-countability at the Financial Stability Board with respect to insurance proposals and the International Association of Insurance Super-visors, including efforts to provide additional public access to working groups and committees of the International Association of Insurance Supervisors; and (5) a description of how the Secretary and the Board are meeting the objectives set forth in sec-tion 3, or, if such objectives are not being met, an explanation of the reasons for not meeting such objectives. (b) R
EPORTS AND TESTIMONY BY STATE INSUR-
ANCE COMMISSIONERS .—The State insurance commissioners may provide testimony or reports to the Congress on the issues described in sub-section (a). (c) R
EPORT ON TRANSPARENCY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a report and pro-vide testimony to the Congress on the efforts of the Chairman and the Secretary pursuant to subsection (a)(4) of this section to increase transparency at meetings of the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. (d) GAO R
EPORT ON TRANSPARENCY OF OUT-
SIDEORGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the covered congressional committees a re-port, and provide testimony to such committees, identifying and analyzing the transparency and accountability of any organization acting as a designee of, or at the direction of, the head of a State insurance department on issues related to international insurance standards, which is not employed directly by the State. (2) C
ONTENT .—The report and testimony re-quired under this section shall include a de-scription and analysis of— (A) the role, involvement, or relationship, of any organization identified pursuant to para-graph (1), of, with, or to the State insurance de-partments’ activities as authorized by, directed by, or otherwise referred to in this Act, includ-ing a description and analysis regarding such organization’s participation in policy and deci-sion-making deliberations and activities related to international insurance standards; (B) any financial support provided by such organization to any State insurance department personnel in furtherance of their activities re-lated to international insurance standards, the nature and amount of such support, and any understandings between the organization and the State regarding travel protocols and State laws governing State officials’ receipt of, bene-fitting from, or being subsidized by, outside funds; (C) the budget, including revenues and ex-penses, of any organization identified pursuant to paragraph (1) relating to participation in international insurance discussions on issues before, involving, or relating to the Inter-national Association of Insurance Supervisors, the Financial Stability Board, or any other international forum of financial regulators or supervisors that considers such issues, and how the organization collects money to fund such ac-tivities; (D) whether each such budget of such an or-ganization is developed under a process com-parable in its transparency and accountability to the process under which budgets are devel-oped and appropriated for State departments of insurance and Federal executive branch regu-latory agencies, including— (i) an identification of any bodies independent of the organization that set standards for and/ or oversee that organization’s budgeting proc-ess; and (ii) a description of the extent to which and how the organization, in funding its operations, uses or benefits from its members’ ability to com-pel entities subject to its members’ regulatory authority to use the services of the organization or any of its affiliates; and (E) the extent to which the work product of any organization identified pursuant to para-graph (1)has the effect of establishing any self- executing national standards, and in what way, and whether such standards are developed under processes comparable in their trans-parency and accountability to the process under which national standards are developed by the Congress or Federal executive branch agencies. SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem, or the designee of the Board. (2) C
OVERED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES .— The term ‘‘covered congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL INSURANCE STANDARD .— The term ‘‘international insurance standard’’ means any international insurance supervisory standard developed by an international stand-ards setting organization, or regulatory or su-pervisory forum, in which the United States participates, including the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active In-surance Groups, the Financial Stability Board, and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s designee. (5) S
TATE INSURANCE COMMISSIONERS .—The term ‘‘State insurance commissioners’’ means the heads of the State insurance departments or their designees acting at their direction. 
SEC. 7. TREATMENT OF COVERED AGREEMENTS. 
Section 314 of title 31, United States Code is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and (B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so re-designated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) the Secretary of the Treasury and the United States Trade Representative have caused to be published in the Federal Register, and made available for public comment for a period of not fewer than 30 days (which period may run concurrently with the 90-day period for the covered agreement referred to in paragraph (3)), the proposed text of the covered agreement;’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(d) CONSULTATION WITHSTATE INSURANCE  C
OMMISSIONERS .—In any negotiations regarding a contemplated covered agreement, the Sec-retary and the United States Trade Representa-tive shall consult with and directly include State insurance commissioners. ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION ON REGULATORY AUTHOR -
ITY.—In accordance with subsections (k) and (l) of section 313, a covered agreement shall not be used to establish or provide the Federal Insur-ance Office or the Treasury with any general supervisory or regulatory authority over the business of insurance or with the authority to participate in a supervisory college or similar process. ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT UNDER OTHER LAW.—A cov- ered agreement shall not be considered an inter-national insurance standard for purposes of the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016 and shall not be subject to such Act.’’. 
SEC. 8. DUTIES OF INDEPENDENT MEMBER OF FI-NANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL. 
Subsection (a) of section 112 of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 5322(a)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) D
UTIES OF INDEPENDENT MEMBER .—To as- sist the Council with its responsibilities to mon-itor international insurance developments, ad-vise Congress, and make recommendations, the Independent Member of the Council shall have the authority to— ‘‘(A) regularly consult with international in-surance supervisors and international financial stability counterparts; ‘‘(B) consult with, advise, and assist the Sec-retary of the Treasury with respect to rep-resenting the Federal Government of the United States, as appropriate, in the International As-sociation of Insurance Supervisors (including to become a non-voting member thereof), particu-larly on matters of systemic risk, and to consult with the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the States concerning such matters; ‘‘(C) attend the Financial Stability Board of The Group of Twenty and join with other mem-bers from the United States, including on mat-ters related to insurance and financial stability, and provide for the attendance and participa-tion at such Board, on matters related to insur-ance and financial stability, of State insurance commissioners; and ‘‘(D) attend, with the United States delega-tion, the Organization for Economic Coopera-tion and Development and observe and partici-pate at the Insurance and Private Pensions Committee of such Organization on matters re-lated to insurance and financial stability.’’. 
SEC. 9. STATE INSURANCE REGULATOR INVOLVE-MENT IN INTERNATIONAL STAND-ARD SETTING. 
Parties representing the United States at the Financial Stability Board of the Group of Twen-ty on matters, and in meetings, related to insur-ance and financial stability shall consult with, and seek to include in such meetings, the State insurance commissioners. 
SEC. 10. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to support or en-dorse the domestic capital standard for insurers referred to in section 4(a)(2) or any such domes-tic capital standards established by the Board. 
SEC. 11. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMIS-SION RESERVE FUND. 
Clause (i) of section 4(i)(2)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d(i)(2)(B)(i)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, except that for fiscal year 2017, the amount deposited may not exceed $43,000,000’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.027 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7316 December 7, 2016 
The Chair now recognizes the gen-tleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. b1530 Mr. HENSARLING. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016. Introduced by my good friend and colleague, the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee of our committee, B
LAINE LUETKEMEYER , H.R. 5143 enhances Congress’ constitutional oversight of international delibera-tions relating to insurance standards. Mr. Speaker, again, this is legislation which is about accountability, trans-parency, and oversight. More specifically, the legislation es-tablishes a series of requirements to be met before the Federal Insurance Of-fice or the Federal Reserve may agree to accept, establish, enter into, or con-sent to the adoption of a final inter-national insurance standard. Permit me to go into greater detail. First, the Federal Insurance Office and the Fed must publish any proposed final standard and allow for public comment. A public comment is critical to our negotiating posture, Mr. Speak-er. In so doing, the involved agencies must provide a joint analysis of the im-pact the standard will have on con-sumers and the U.S. insurance mar-kets. Before agreeing to any inter-national standard relating to capital, the Fed is required to first promulgate its domestic capital standard rule. The bill makes similar requirements for negotiations concerning insurance covered agreements. It sets negotiating objectives for U.S. parties and also mandates that the Federal Insurance Office and the Fed report and testify before Congress twice annually. Finally, H.R. 5143 ensures that the independent member with insurance expertise who sits on the Financial Stability Oversight Council, known as FSOC, is permitted to assist the FSOC in international discussions and attend meetings of international bodies where insurance standards are discussed. Mr. Speaker, for almost 150 years, U.S. insurance companies of every type—including property-casualty, life, reinsurance, health, and auto—have been primarily regulated by our States. Congress and the States have occasion-ally reviewed the effectiveness of the State-based regulation of insurance and coordinated efforts to achieve greater regulatory uniformity. In 1949, Congress passed the McCarran-Fer-guson Act, which confirmed the States’ regulatory authority over insurance, except where Federal law expressly provides otherwise. Mr. Speaker, this changed with the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010. Dodd-Frank changed the insurance landscape and further enlarged the Federal Government’s role in the in-surance industry by creating a Federal office specifically tasked with insur-ance matters. Dodd-Frank established the Federal Insurance Office at Treas-ury and charged its director with rep-resenting the interest of U.S. insurers during negotiations of international agreements. Among other things, H.R. 5143 seeks to prevent any Federal overreach and establishes essential guardrails for the Federal Government when discussing international insurance issues abroad. The bill is not intended to bring inter-national negotiations to any type of halt. Team USA has experienced vic-tories at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, and has kept Congress informed of its intent to ne-gotiate the first of what could be many covered agreements. However, we should not underesti-mate the importance of these conversa-tions or the implications they can have on insurers and the American con-sumers because they need to be heard and they need to be represented. As the leader of a Missouri-based midsized insurance company has told our committee, Mr. Speaker: 
We worry about the potential negative im-pacts any international agreement could have on the domestic marketplace or the State-based regulatory system that has served consumer and insurance needs for more than a century. 
He added: 
Congress should conduct strong oversight in this area in order to protect domestic in-surance markets, companies, and especially their policy holders. 
Strong oversight and transparency are, indeed, absolutely essential, and that is what we get with this bill. It is simply imperative that our States, the executive branch, and Con-gress work cooperatively to signify to the International Association of Insur-ance Supervisors, the Financial Sta-bility Board, and to foreign govern-ments that we will only lend our name to standards and agreements that ben-efit U.S. consumers. The bill we are considering today will assuredly lead us to this goal. Again, H.R. 5143 provides greater transparency, allows for a stronger Team USA in negotiations, and sends a signal to foreign governments and international organizations that the United States will lead and not be led into bad agreements. With the greater congressional oversight the bill pro-vides, we can ensure that any deal that is reached will be a fair deal, and a good deal, for the American people. Again, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKE -
MEYER ), for his leadership, yet again, on bringing an excellent bill to the House floor. I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, here we go again. Last week, the majority made it clear that it was just getting started with the special interest giveaways at the ex-pense of financial stability and con-sumer protection. Now, before we adjourn, we are here to debate one last holiday gift to Wall Street. This bill’s gift is less oversight of the largest insurers in the United States, which will put us at risk for an-other AIG. Don’t forget, AIG was bailed out to the tune of $182 billion. While Democrats passed Wall Street reform to prevent another crisis and future bailouts, Chairman HENSARLING  and Donald Trump have made it clear that Dodd-Frank is on the chopping block. Without the safeguards in Dodd- Frank, a lack of capital standards for large insurance companies will put our economy at risk. No one should be surprised at what is taking place here. This is Donald Trump’s agenda. Despite promises to hold Wall Street accountable, the President-elect is proposing an admin-istration that is heavy on Wall Street insiders. Their plans will do little to help the millions of Americans strug-gling to get ahead, but that is by de-sign. Because ‘‘Trumpism’’ isn’t really about helping the middle class. It is about lining the pockets of some of our biggest banks and insurance compa-nies. AIG, as I mentioned, is a poster child of the financial crisis. It engaged in fi-nancial activities that more closely re-semble investment banking than tradi-tional insurance. Prior to the crisis, State regulators, which have primary jurisdiction over insurance companies, did not effec-tively account for AIG’s activities re-lated to credit derivatives or securities lending, for example, which allowed it to skate by with minimum capital. When AIG’s bets on subprime mort-gage-backed securities failed, it col-lapsed and required a taxpayer bailout. Recall that we bailed out AIG because it was a counterparty to nearly all of the largest global banks; meaning that if AIG failed, it would bring down a se-ries of global megabanks with it. So under Dodd-Frank, we improved the oversight of insurance companies by giving Federal regulators the nec-essary tools to prevent another col-lapse of large, globally active insur-ance companies. We are talking about the big boys here: AIG, MetLife, and Prudential. For the past several years, Federal regulators have been over-seeing systematically important finan-cial institutions, which are identified as such because they are expected to pose a substantial risk to our financial stability if they fail. Our Federal regu-lators have also been negotiating with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.072 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7317 December 7, 2016 
140 other countries on international standards for large globally connected insurers. However, today’s bill is designed to undermine the progress we have made on this front, and to ultimately pre-vent the adoption of these capital standards in the United States. In fact, H.R. 5143 would add layers of burdensome red tape and unworkable requirements on our Federal nego-tiators, making it virtually impossible for them to advocate effectively for U.S. interests on these issues or agree to any kind of standard. For example, this bill would prevent negotiators from agreeing to any standard unless it focuses exclusively on a company’s ability to pay claims. However, focus-ing exclusively on a company’s ability to pay claims can lead those same pol-icyholders vulnerable to systemic fail-ure. Moreover, by crippling our ability to engage effectively on international in-surance issues, this bill will ensure that the rest of the world will move on to adopt standards that are not in our best interest. At worst, this bill is unconstitu-tional—something that the administra-tion detailed in its statement of pol-icy—raising multiple conflicts between the President’s exclusive authority on international agreements and the bill’s requirements to directly include State insurance commissioners in inter-national negotiations. At best, this bill is a solution in search of a problem. It caters to an un-founded fear that internationally agreed upon policies would be forced upon the small, domestic insurance companies and unwilling States. Let me again reiterate that the standards being negotiated inter-nationally are for the largest insurers that operate all over the world—com-panies like AIG, MetLife, and Pruden-tial. It is a scare tactic to claim that these standards would be applied to anyone but the largest and most inter-connected global insurers. Second, States can never be com-pelled to adopt international standards such as these. These standards are non-binding and each individual State has the discretion to adopt them, modify them, or reject them entirely after going through their full regulatory process. Third, stakeholders have ample op-portunity to weigh in on these discus-sions. For example, Federal nego-tiators have held multiple sessions for stakeholders to provide input, and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors has greatly improved pub-lic access and consultation. Yet, this bill, H.R. 5143, would require several additional notice and comment periods and several other layers of unnecessary red tape. To make matters worse, the sponsor proposes to pay for the bill’s costs by taking $7 million from the Securities and Exchange Commission’s reserve fund, which means that our financial watchdog will be unable to respond to unforeseen events, like the flash crash. In short, this bill would ask tax-payers to pay for the cost of rejecting capital standards by taking away the funding the SEC needs to respond to emergency situations that threaten fi-nancial stability. That just doubles down on the irresponsible policy-making we have seen by the opposite side of the aisle. As the veto threat issued by the White House on this bill states: 
The Nation has made great progress as a result of Dodd-Frank, and we cannot allow this bill to hamper the United States’ ability to implement the best standards for our unique regulatory regime. 
Mr. Speaker, it is clear that the Re-publicans will go to any lengths nec-essary to give industry what it wants— less oversight, less supervision, and less regulation. Republicans have re-peatedly tried to hamstring our efforts to more effectively monitor and re-spond to systemic risk by working to dismantle the FSOC and its designa-tion authority for SIFIs. They have called the FSOC unconstitutional and helped companies like MetLife chal-lenge its designation in court. So I am not really surprised that Republicans would close out 2016 by bringing this bill to the floor, but I am disappointed because the American people deserve better. For these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), the au-thor of H.R. 5143 and the chairman of our Housing and Insurance Sub-committee. b1545 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I thank the chairman for his tireless help and sup-port in getting this bill to where it is today. Mr. Speaker, insurance serves as the backbone of financial independence for millions of Americans. It offers support when it is needed the most so that con-sumers can be assured that they are protected in the event of a loss. Our Nation has a history of thoughtful in-surance regulation and strong con-sumer confidence. To ensure that, we need to make sure that foreign regu-lators don’t do anything to jeopardize that. The Transparent Insurance Stand-ards Act would establish a series of reasonable requirements to be met be-fore our Team USA, if you will—the Treasury’s Federal Insurance Office, the Federal Reserve, or any other party to international regulatory con-versations—consents to the adoption of a final insurance standard. H.R. 5143 would also require Team USA to pub-lish any proposed final standard for congressional review and public com-ment. Additionally, H.R. 5143 would insti-tute a 90-day layover period, allowing Congress the ability to block any inter-national agreement. It would also en-sure State insurance commissioners a broader role in negotiations, thereby protecting our State-based regulatory system that has served policyholders so well. In doing so, the bill would not only help protect the best interests of U.S. insurance customers, but it would also be a step in restoring the powers vested to Congress in Article I of the Constitution. Mr. Speaker, when the Financial Services Committee embarked on this journey, the intent was to craft a bill that not only respected the process, but that provided this body and the public with more opportunity. As such, H.R. 5143 has been drafted with the input of a wide variety of stakeholders, and it has generated broad support. This bill is not intended to bring the international process to a halt. Rather, it will serve as leverage for U.S. nego-tiators and will ensure that we are in a position to export domestic standards rather than import European-centric ones. The truth of the matter, Mr. Speak-er, is that our constituents don’t read about international insurance stand-ards in the local paper or discuss them at the dinner table. However, these conversations and the negotiations at the IAIS have real implications on U.S. companies and, more importantly, on every American policyholder. Given that, consideration of this bill shouldn’t be a partisan affair. Many of my friends across the aisle and their constituents would like to see more sunshine on this international process, and this bill does just that. It is imper-ative that the United States—that is, the States, the executive branch, and Congress—work cooperatively to signal to the IAIS and foreign governments that we will only lend our name to standards and agreements that benefit U.S. customers. We will lead and not be led, as our chairman just said. Again, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING  for his support of this important bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of H.R. 5143. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ), the ranking member of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. CLEAVER. I thank the ranking member for allowing me to speak on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I find much greater sat-isfaction in working on legislation with the subcommittee chairman, B
LAINE LUETKEMEYER , than opposing such; but, Mr. Speaker, I do, in fact, believe that H.R. 5143 would prescribe narrowly tailored reporting and negoti-ating requirements that must be com-pleted before any international regu-latory insurance standard could be agreed on. In the wake of the financial crisis with the passage of Dodd-Frank, the Federal Insurance Office, FIO, was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.074 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7318 December 7, 2016 
tasked with representing the United States at international insurance fo-rums. Currently, the FIO has been ne-gotiating alongside the Federal Re-serve and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, NAIC, on be-half of our country’s insurance inter-ests. The Housing and Insurance Sub-committee has held numerous hearings on this topic, giving us ample oppor-tunity to more fully understand the process that is being undertaken at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors as well as with other inter-national bodies. It is critical that Team USA con-tinue to advocate strongly on behalf of the U.S. insurance system, and it is im-perative that we do not hamstring their ability to do so. More specifi-cally, the bill contains a number of provisions that would ultimately delay our negotiations abroad. If we limit the ability of our negotiators to do their job, we lose our seat at the inter-national table, which, I believe, will weaken our position. Like most on the other side, I am a strong proponent of the State-based system. Our Missouri insurance commissioner has recently held a national position. In order to effectively communicate our position and advocate for this unique American system, we need to ensure that our international rep-resentatives are empowered, and we be-lieve that this actually impacts their role at the table. Additionally, none of the standards that may be decided upon internation-ally are binding. This is, perhaps, the most significant thing I am saying. As everyone knows, the States would have to approve any standards because we can’t impose those standards on them. These standards would have to be agreed to domestically—they would have to go to each and every State— and they won’t be approved on the Fed-eral level. This process would include a notice and a comment period. I do believe that this bill does not ad-dress a single problem, that it does not fix any broken part of this process that is going on. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride and a heavy heart that I yield to the next gentleman. I have a heavy heart because I fear this will be the last time I yield time to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ); but it is with great pride that, for 14 years, I have called him friend and col-league. He is retiring from this institu-tion. He has been tireless in his service to our committee, his constituents, and this country. He has been a tireless advocate for the cause of freedom, free enterprise, and the lot of the common man and the common woman; and this will be a lesser institution upon his de-parture. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ), my friend. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I thank the chairman and thank him for his leader-ship and his kind words. It has been a great pleasure to serve on this Financial Services Committee. I think we have done some good work. I enjoyed working with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on some issues as well. I wish you the very best as you continue as a committee to work on behalf of Americans all across the country to make sure that they have access to the financial products that they need for their families. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5143, offered by my good friend from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ). The Transparent Insurance Stand-ards Act is critically important to en-suring that the U.S. State-based model for regulating insurance is preserved and that international agreements ben-efit U.S. consumers. Since the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act, the increased role of the Federal Government in in-surance regulation has led to changes to U.S. participation in international insurance forums, like the Inter-national Association of Insurance Su-pervisors. The Federal Insurance Office, FIO, is charged with representing the interests of U.S. insurers during negotiations of international agreements. Further, the FIO, along with the Federal Reserve, is an active participant in international standard-setting bodies. Over the last several years, developments in inter-national insurance supervision have created tension with our State-based model. The European Union has moved to-ward a single regulatory structure for its member states. This effort, known as Solvency II, will harmonize the var-ied regulatory regimes in each Euro-pean nation. Many have raised concern that Solvency II will be adopted as the gold standard for international insur-ance supervision. Solvency II could put the U.S. insurance industry and the U.S. policyholders at a disadvantage. H.R. 5143 is important legislation that enhances the congressional over-sight of international deliberations for insurance regulation. It holds both the FIO and the Federal Reserve to impor-tant benchmarks that ensure that U.S. interests are being represented. For ex-ample, the agencies must provide joint analyses on the impact of proposed international standards on U.S. con-sumers and insurance markets. Fur-ther, it allows for public comment on any proposed final standard that the U.S. may agree to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. These regulatory checks are not new to many U.S. agen-cies, which already must comply with certain Administrative Procedure Act requirements when setting Federal standards. While there may be a crit-ical role for U.S. representatives to play in the international insurance dis-cussion, it is important that our advo-cates ensure that U.S. interests are not recklessly pushed aside in the name of global harmony. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5143. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee on the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentlewoman. I join the chairman in thanking Con-gressman N
EUGEBAUER for his out-standing service to this institution, to his district, and to this country. He has been an outstanding Member. It has been a pleasure to serve with him. We will miss you. Thank you for your friendship, your consideration, and your really hard work for good, sound policy in this country. Thank you. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to H.R. 5143. I believe that it would undermine the Fed’s ability to negotiate international agreements on insurance regulation, and I think that that will cause a big problem for insurance in our country. Telling the Fed that it can’t agree to any international standard on insur-ance that isn’t already the law in the United States absolutely makes no sense whatsoever. The other countries would simply stop negotiating with us, and I believe we would lose our voice and our seat at the table, and that is not good for America. It is also important to remember that nothing the Fed or Treasury agrees to internationally can be bind-ing on State insurance regulators. That is already the law, and we don’t need a new law to tell us that. The Fed does regulate 14 insurance companies through its holding companies. This has been a Federal authority, and there is nothing new about that. The Fed should be able to align the insurance regulations that it has au-thority over with the regulations in other countries. One of the big lessons of the scandal and of the economic downturn of 2008 was that different reg-ulatory regimes in different countries could have different incentives, and some of them were bad incentives—for example, AIG. The only problem that existed with this country was in the different incentives in England. I am very uncomfortable with a bill that hamstrings the Federal Reserve’s ability to regulate the safety and soundness of the large insurance hold-ing companies that it has authority over and to ensure that those regu-latory standards are consistent inter-nationally, so I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKE -
MEYER ), and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman be able to control the remainder of such time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.076 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7319 December 7, 2016 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), who is the Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee chairman. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. I thank my fellow subcommittee chairman for working with me to protect the State- based insurance regulatory model that has served our Nation so well for 150 years. To my colleague from New York, I am very comfortable with this bill and with the underlying philosophy that has brought us here. Mr. Speaker, I am a former State representative in the Michigan Legisla-ture, and I know firsthand that Michi-gan does a better job of protecting pol-icyholders within their borders than the Federal Government does or could. Even more so, Michigan certainly knows how to maintain a robust insur-ance marketplace that works for Michigan customers. Additionally, Michigan serves as an entry point for several foreign companies which then come into the U.S. marketplace. However, there are bureaucrats in Washington who believe that they know best. The Dodd-Frank Act sig-nificantly expanded the Federal Gov-ernment’s role in the insurance mar-ketplace by creating the Federal Insur-ance Office and charging the Director with representing the U.S. during the negotiations of international agree-ments. At the same time, the Dodd- Frank Act changed domestic insurance regulation, which also led to the changes in U.S. participation at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, or IAIS. b1600 The IAIS develops international in-surance regulations for its 190 jurisdic-tions in more than 140 countries to then adopt those. I am concerned that this could influence the U.S. to replace the State-based insurance regulatory model with international standards that were created by unelected Euro-pean bureaucrats. Mr. Speaker, our States are, as Jus-tice Brandeis so eloquently coined, ‘‘laboratories of democracy;’’ and in his words that means that a ‘‘State may, if its citizens choose, serve as a labora-tory; and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country.’’ I can’t think of a better example of a successful experiment than the State- based insurance regulatory system, es-pecially in my home State of Michigan. That is why the protections provided in the Transparent Insurance Standards Act are so vitally important. The straightforward bill simply gives the States and Congress the oppor-tunity to comment on any inter-national insurance standard before it may be adopted. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this very, very important bill and support our system that has existed for 150 years. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H ECK), who is a member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-er, I am especially grateful to the ranking member for allowing me this opportunity. First, I would like to associate my-self with the remarks of the gentle-woman from New York and the other gentleman from Texas regarding our colleague, Mr. N
EUGEBAUER . From the day that I walked into this Chamber, he has been nothing but a paragon of gentlemanliness toward myself and my colleagues. In fact, every freshman re-ceives a flag flown over the Capitol that Congressman N
EUGEBAUER has had flown. And wouldn’t you know it, small world category: 2,000 miles away, he happened to be good friends with my uncle, which I didn’t even know until he arrived here. He will be missed. He is a testament to how you can see the world completely differently, yet be able to treat one another with respect. Mr. Speaker, I am a little uncomfort-able because this is the second time in a week I have risen to oppose a pro-posal by my friend from Missouri who I think actually is trying to do the right thing and with whom I have dealt in good faith and who has dealt in good faith with us. But I do, in fact, rise to oppose this bill because in some cases it goes too far, in some cases it won’t work, and in some cases, frankly, it doesn’t go far enough. It goes too far in terms of stealing the money from the SEC reserve to pay for this. Its costs and those associated with its implementation should not be borne by another enforcement agency whose job it is to keep us safe. It won’t work in terms of its report-ing requirements: all of these expen-sive requirements that require the rate on the SEC, the transparency, the re-porting. Anybody who knows anything about negotiations knows you can’t post a public notice about what you in-tend to do and hope to be successful on the outcome. I happen to have been a professional on both sides of the labor management negotiations table, and I can tell you, the last thing in the world you want to do is post your playbook. That would be a little bit like the football team saying: Come here, defense; let me tell you what we are going to do. That would, in fact, be the net effect of this particular approach. The objective: to maintain the integ-rity in the McCarran-Ferguson Act is the right one. It is the wrong approach. In some cases it, frankly, doesn’t go far enough because, the truth is, we ought to have these international discussions and negotiations for international firms; but this bill would only apply to the IAIS. There are a lot of inter-national forums where insurance is at the table. The fact of the matter is, the State regulators ought to be at those tables as well. Look, there is a better way. I offer it to you. It is a bill I have introduced, which is H.R. 6436, that takes a prin-ciple-based approach. It merely says that the State-based insurance regu-lators have got to be at the table, and we have to protect that system. It is a principle-based, not a top-down, com-mand and control heavy bureaucracy approach to achieving the same objec-tive while at the same time ensuring that we provide adequate protection and regulation for international insur-ance companies, but respecting the State-based system. I don’t know why we can’t get the win-win here. You know, I find it ironic that my legislation, H.R. 6436, actually enjoys broad-based support among the stakeholders: the regulated and, yes, the regulators. The State-based insur-ance regulators believe that this is the best approach to take, and it is the one I think is a win-win for everybody. It achieves everybody’s objectives. That is not what H.R. 5143 will do. H.R. 5143 goes too far in some cases, won’t work in others, and doesn’t go far enough in others. So I hope that you will reject it, provide us with an opportunity to continue to negotiate in good faith, and get to win-win because win-win is possible in this cir-cumstance. I, once again, thank the ranking member very much for this oppor-tunity. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), who is chair-man of the Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman L
UETKEMEYER for all of his work on this bill, H.R. 5143. As we enter into this debate, I think it is important to look at who supports what. If you look at insurers in States like Wisconsin, they have looked at Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ’s bill and they love it. They think it is a great bill because it protects the American State-based model. If you are a large global insurer, you don’t like this bill because you want one global international standard that you have to comply with. So we are here fighting for the little guy, those little insurance companies that dot all of our States, that serve our communities and our families; and the opposition is standing with the large insurers which have been more concerned about this bill than the lit-tle guy, which goes to my point. I am concerned that the Federal Re-serve and Treasury could enter into an international framework that under-mines the U.S. system in favor of, again, this European-centric model that is inconsistent with our American model. If you look at this great Amer-ican model, it has worked for 150 years. Look back to the 2008 crisis. This system in America, with a ton of pres-sure, it performed beautifully. It did really well. Why do you want to cash that in for a different model? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.078 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7320 December 7, 2016 
I guess my concern is that those State insurers like in my State, they are not even regulated at the Federal level, but they are concerned that on the track that we are going, they very well may be. This is pretty simple stuff. What Mr. L
UETKEMEYER is looking for is openness and transparency. He just doesn’t want Washington bureau-crats negotiating a deal. He wants all stakeholders as part of this deal. And lo and behold, it is a remarkable con-cept; but if we are going to have funda-mental changes to our insurance law, why only have unelected bureaucrats make those decisions? Why not em-power the Congress, the people who are responsive to the American electorate? We should have a say in this process. Put us back in control, which is ex-actly what Chairman L
UETKEMEYER  does. It is a great bill. I encourage all of my friends on both sides of the aisle to show their resounding support. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri for his work on H.R. 5143. I rise in strong sup-port of the legislation. Now, what we are hearing on the floor today is very similar, I suspect, to the discussion at the founding of this country, yet some who wanted a strong central government, strong reg-ulating powers from Washington and some who said, no, that will not be the best way to provide a strong economy, that we should send the decisions clos-er to where people live. Frankly, that choice is being played out worldwide right now, and that is the case with the question in front of us. Should we allow people in Europe to tell us what our markets will look like here? Now, there are those who say yes. I am in the group that says no. Because our system here has created its own stability. In the financial difficulties of 2008 and 2009, our market performed just perfectly. We have got 56 different regulators, each one has their own re-sponsibility. It provides a safer market for the consumer. It provides a safer product for the consumers to purchase. Why we would send that authority to some other country across the oceans just never made sense to those of us who want the decisions made closer to the people. Secondly, we have to think that it is good for American jobs. Anytime peo-ple in a different country are deciding what the rules are, they are going to skew it in favor of themselves. Again, our market is well diversified. It is spread among the States, and it pro-vides insurance markets for every indi-vidual State and some more than just the one. So that tells us that it is good for the economy, it is good for the consumer; but, finally, we need the stabilizing force here, the ability for Americans to determine what we are going to do. I think that the recent election has been maybe a referendum on: Do we want to give up power to the local peo-ple, or do we just send it away? Mr. LUETKEMEYER ’s bill preserves power for the people. It preserves power for the Congress. I would urge support for Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ’s bill, H.R. 5143. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016, with my good friend and col-league from the State of Missouri, Rep-resentative B
LAINE LUETKEMEYER . Dodd-Frank reversed a nearly 150- year precedent of the U.S. insurance industry being regulated primarily by the States. From property-casualty, life, reinsurance, health, and even auto, the Obama administration and Dodd-Frank created a more invasive role for the Federal Government to in-tervene in this industry. Where this has become apparent is during the negotiations of inter-national agreements regarding insur-ance standards, where our foreign counterparts, particularly in the Euro-pean Union, are trying to force us to adopt their standard and forgo our State-based insurance regime. Most concerning is that many of these meetings take place behind closed doors with little accountability or transparency while our Federal Gov-ernment says they are negotiating on behalf of our best interests. H.R. 5143 would enhance congres-sional oversight into these delibera-tions by establishing requirements to be met before the Federal Government can agree to the adoption of any final international insurance standards or covered agreements. Setting these pro-cedures in place ensures that Missouri policyholders and customers will be protected from premium increases by having to adopt international stand-ards that don’t apply or make sense here in the United States. Americans are sick and tired of the Federal Government making choices on their behalf without proper input and oversight. Congress needs to be more involved in these negotiations that could have substantial impacts on policyholders across the country. I have two letters of support from companies in Missouri that represent over 40,000 customers and employees in the State. The companies state that this bill will help prevent costs from being driven up in Missouri, and I would like to include these letters in the R
ECORD . CAMERON INSURANCE COMPANIES , August 19, 2016. To: M
EMBERS OF THE MISSOURI CONGRES -
SIONAL DELEGATION  D
EARREPRESENTATIVES : On behalf of Cam-eron Mutual Insurance Company and the 39,370 policyholders/employees in Missouri, I am writing to ask for your support. During the next few months, U.S. negotiators and their international counterparts are sched-uled to meet behind closed doors around the globe approximately three dozen times to make strategic decisions on new inter-national capital and regulatory standards. The U.S. is under pressure from inter-national regulators to adopt their standards. These types of changes have the very real po-tential to drive up costs here at home. It is important that the U.S. defend its ef-fective system of insurance regulation. Our U.S. negotiators should not agree to new standards that could eventually weaken U.S. consumer protections, reduce competition, and, according to economist Robert Shapiro, cost homeowners insurance consumers up to an additional $100 per year. H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016, introduced by Mis-souri’s own Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer, pro-vides critically important checks and bal-ances regarding negotiations on inter-national insurance standards by requiring transparency, accountability, and consulta-tion with Congress, and allowing for public input. The bill passed the House Financial Services Committee in June. It is critical for Congress to act on this legislation now and I am asking you to de-fend U.S. insurance markets and to preserve our effective, consumer-focused, state-based system of insurance regulation. Please con-tact House leadership and the Financial Services Committee leadership and request a September House floor vote on H.R. 5143. Transparency, accountability, and con-sultation with Congress and the public is a simple and reasonable approach to ensure our system is not undermined by closed-door international regulatory fora. H.R. 5143 strengthens the U.S. voice by requiring U.S. state and federal negotiators reach con-sensus on advocacy positions and supporting them by shining a light on the negotiations. Sincerely, B
RADM. F OWLER , President/Chief Executive Officer, Cameron Mutual Insurance Company. 
SHELTER INSURANCE COMPANIES , September 7, 2016. Re: H.R. 5143, the ‘‘Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016’’ Hon. A
NNWAGNER , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE WAGNER : Shelter In- surance is the largest domestic property and casualty insurance company in Missouri, writing more than $1.6 billion in premium, and is home to almost 1,700 Missouri con-stituents/employees. On behalf of Shelter Insurance Company, our agents, employees and mutual policy holders in Missouri, I am writing to ask for your help to defend the state-based system of insurance regulation. Congressman Luetkemeyer’s bill, H.R. 5143, the Trans-parent Insurance Standards Act of 2016, pro-vides critically important checks and bal-ances regarding negotiations on inter-national insurance standards by requiring transparency, accountability, and consulta-tion with Congress, and allowing for public input. We ask that you please encourage Chair-man Hensarling and House leadership to schedule a House vote on this legislation in September. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.080 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7321 December 7, 2016 
As you well know, the next few months are important when it comes to international in-surance regulation. By the end of 2016, U.S. negotiators and their international counter-parts are scheduled to meet behind closed doors around the globe approximately three dozen times to make strategic decisions on new international capital and regulatory standards. The U.S. is under pressure from international regulators to adopt their standards. These types of changes have the very real potential to drive up costs here at home in Missouri. It is important that the U.S. defend its ef-fective system of insurance regulation. Our U.S. negotiators should not agree to new standards that could eventually weaken U.S. consumer protections, reduce competition. Again, our ask is that you please work with House leadership and the Financial Services Committee leadership and request a September House floor vote on H.R. 5143, I thank you for your help on this bill and for your continued leadership on these ef-forts that are important to my company and many insurers around the United States. Sincerely, R
ICKMEANS , President and CEO. B
RIAN WALLER , Director of Government Relations. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I simply ask my colleagues to support this com-monsense piece of legislation that in-stills transparency and accountability for our government when negotiating with their foreign counterparts. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Missouri has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 12 minutes remaining. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). b1615 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman and his staff for the hard work that went into crafting this legislation, coordinating with the insurance industry and the diverse array of stakeholders and consumers. Mr. Speaker, for about 150 years, the American insurance industry has been regulated at the State level. This has enabled the tailoring of regulations and business models to local cir-cumstances for insurance companies of all types, structures, and sizes. This system has provided our domestic in-surance industry a competitive advan-tage that benefits consumers and the market for insuring against risk. It is a superior model to the concentrated national champion insurance models of Europe. Some of Dodd-Frank’s policies threaten to upend this existing regu-latory infrastructure by interjecting the Federal Government, and ulti-mately international regulators, into the oversight of the American insur-ance industry. Regardless of one’s views on Federal oversight of insur-ance, I think we should all agree that Congress should have a stake in this process and engage in robust oversight of any Federal or international stand-ards. The Transparent Insurance Stand-ards Act achieves just that. The legis-lation sets clear objectives, or rules of the road, for the Federal Insurance Of-fice and the Federal Reserve that must be met during negotiation and, ulti-mately, adoption of any international insurance standards or covered agree-ments. The bill ensures that State insurance commissioners or their designees are directly involved in the negotiation process; and before adoption of such an international standard, the public and Congress must have access to the final text and the opportunity to provide comments. FIO and the Fed would be required to file reports and come before Congress twice a year to brief us on the progress and implementation. If the standards include capital requirements, the Fed must have promulgated a domestic standard first, and this will prevent the tail wagging the dog that we have seen with other international financial standards. These reforms and several other pro-visions ensure that, if the United States is going down the road of Fed-eral and international insurance stand-ards, the process is transparent, and Congress, the States, and the American people have a say in that process. For these reasons, I am a proud co-sponsor of this legislation, and I urge its passage. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I believe this is my last speaker. Last but not least, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), an entrepreneur who understands the importance of our free enterprise system and how important it is for the insurance industry to be able to protect those interests of the free enterprise folks. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I think by now the secret is out the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act has been a com-plete failure. For the last 6 years, in an effort to protect consumers, the Dodd-Frank Act has instead stifled job creation for millions of Americans with regulation after regulation. H.R. 5143, which I am a proud cosponsor of, aims to roll back one of the many unintended con-sequences forced upon U.S. insurers. For 150 years, the State-based model, the American model, has been success-ful because it focused on one thing— the consumer. The U.S. State-based in-surance regulatory system is un-matched by any insurance regulatory system in the world. It is important that U.S. insurers are not put at a com-petitive disadvantage worldwide and we continue to act in their interest. H.R. 5143 requires Congress to con-duct oversight of international con-versations focused on insurance stand-ards and establish a series of require-ments to be met by our top negotiators at Treasury’s Federal Insurance Office. Furthermore, transparency and ac-countability is often lacking in inter-national regulatory discussions, some-thing that is fundamental to the State- based system. It is important that Con-gress takes every opportunity to open doors, not close doors, and allows all interested parties to participate in ne-gotiations with our international coun-terparts. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will strongly encourage increased transparency and information sharing and bring to light the true objectives. Just as Congress is routinely in-volved in international trade negotia-tions, this should be no different. It is important we work cooperatively and only agree to standards and agree-ments that benefit U.S. consumers and allow us to maintain a strong insur-ance marketplace. Again, I want to thank Chairman LUETKEMEYER for his leadership and the work our committee has done to stand up for U.S. insurers and con-sumers. I strongly urge passage of this bill. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. The gentleman who just gave testi-mony indicated that the secret is out. I don’t think he described the secret accurately, but let me just say it is out, and, just as Mr. H
ENSARLING said on the floor the other day, we ain’t seen nothing yet. They are out to de-stroy Dodd-Frank, they are out to de-stroy the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau, and they keep coming for-ward, as they are doing today, to pro-tect Wall Street. I ask my colleagues to consider the great progress we have made since the enactment of Wall Street reform to fix the blind spots that prevented our reg-ulators from seeing the big picture. Our U.S. financial system is increas-ingly complex, and the regulatory structure for the oversight of our sys-tem was fragmented before the finan-cial crisis. This was particularly true of the insurance industry, which is reg-ulated primarily by the States. While our State-based system for in-surance regulation has many strengths, by its very nature, it is ill- suited to address all of the issues re-lated to large, globally active insur-ance companies. That is why Dodd- Frank, while continuing to recognize the primacy of State-based regulation, changed many of the ways in which the insurance industry is supervised for consolidated supervision and enhanced regulation. If we take a look at AIG, of course, one cannot help but ask: What State regulated AIG; and why did we get into the problem that we got into with AIG? It was because of its London-based op-eration. That is why it is so important to have cooperation between the coun-tries on these big insurance companies that are operating all over the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.031 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7322 December 7, 2016 
Let’s remind everyone what this bill really does. It takes us backward. It says: forget about examining systemic risks across jurisdictions, and, instead, let’s continue to leave the largest internationally active insurers in the world off the hook for any risk they may pose to our economy. Not the small, domestic insurers that engage in traditional activities, not the compa-nies that make up such an important part of our economy in rural areas, and certainly not the insurers that had ab-solutely nothing to do with the finan-cial crisis. We are talking about the biggest and most complex insurers that have operations all over the globe and pose risks to international financial stability. This bill is not about transparency, as its title would suggest. It is about weakening oversight of these large firms and making it virtually impos-sible to agree to any kind of inter-national insurance standard. This bill is also not about protecting policy-holders. It is about burying our head in the sand and going back to the precrisis days where all of us, including policyholders, were vulnerable to a sys-temic failure. So let’s call this bill what it is. It is a giveaway to the insurance industry that is trying to escape more over-sight. And let’s not pretend that this bill would ensure a more unified U.S. posture on the international stage be-cause, under the provisions of this bill, the U.S. will be severely crippled in its ability to negotiate on these issues, which means that the rest of the world will move forward while American in-terests get left behind. What are we talking about? We are talking about capitalization. And if we are not willing to engage with other countries in this international commu-nity about these big insurance compa-nies that are operating all over the world about capital standards, we are putting our own country at risk. The administration has already issued a strong veto threat for all of these rea-sons. For these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Let me share with you exactly what the administration is saying. ‘‘The re-strictions that this legislation seeks to place on United States representatives in international insurance matters under H.R. 5143 would raise serious con-stitutional concerns and severely out-weigh any potential attendant benefits. ...  ‘‘FIO, the Federal Reserve, and state insurance commissioners are all ac-tively engaged at the IAIS and regu-larly coordinate with one another, en-suring that each aspect of the unique United States regulatory regime is ade-quately represented in any inter-national negotiation. Despite their ef-fective coordination and extensive work thus far to improve global insur-ance regulation, the restrictions which H.R. 5143 seeks to impose would stop this work in its tracks and would put in place cumbersome and counter-productive requirements. . . . ‘‘Because this legislation seeks to tie the hands of U.S. representatives, in an unconstitutional manner, and prevent them from effectively negotiating on international insurance matters, the Administration strongly opposes H.R. 5143.’’ Mr. Speaker, despite the fact that my colleague, the chairman of the Com-mittee on Financial Services, promised me and threatened me and others that we ain’t seen nothing yet, I think it is very clear about what is happening on the opposite side of the aisle and how Mr. H
ENSARLING and the committee are already carrying out the Trump agen-da. They are making sure that before we leave here on break everyone under-stands that they are not about to sup-port Dodd-Frank in any shape, form, or fashion, but, rather, they are going to take every opportunity to undermine Dodd-Frank because they don’t believe in reforming Wall Street. Mr. Trump said that he was running for the United States President be-cause he wanted to drain the swamp, but Mr. Trump and his leadership are already showing us that they intend to expand the swamp, that they are going to grow the swamp, that they are going to make sure that they have everybody from Wall Street, many of whom have already been fined, been accused of fraud, who are under investigation— somehow he is bringing them close to him, and I wonder why. This legislation today basically tells you a story. It tells you a story that they are talking about. They are say-ing, in essence, that we, the United States of America, operate unto our-selves. Yes, we have these big firms, and we don’t mind that they have big businesses in other countries, like AIG. We don’t mind that they are operating internationally. We have State regula-tions, and our State regulations will take care of whatever our needs are for oversight of insurance. But they can’t tell you why that didn’t happen with AIG. As a matter of fact, they don’t mention AIG. They wish the story of AIG would just sim-ply go away. They don’t want the American people to be reminded of what happened with AIG that almost brought this country to its knees. They don’t want to remind the people that we had to bail them out. They don’t want to remind the people that they were undercapitalized, their credit de-fault swaps were fraudulent, and they didn’t have anything to back it up. So here we are, and they are asking the American people to ignore all of this, just forget all of this. We are out to protect those who certainly should not be protected. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Just to recap what we are doing here: We have a bill in front of us here that is basically trying to give leverage to Team USA, which are the representa-tives from the United States, one of which was created by Dodd-Frank, to represent the United States insurance industry at the negotiating table with regards to the International Associa-tion of Insurance Supervisors. Now, this is a group of people from around the world that regulate insurance com-panies in each of these other countries. Now, these regulators have a dif-ferent set of rules and regulations and a different purpose from the standpoint that they regulate insurance at the na-tional level in each one of these coun-tries, where we in this country regu-late insurance at the State level. b1630 When the IAIS tries to promulgate rules and regulations, it is like trying to put a square peg in a round hole when they try and put those rules and regulations on our companies here. As a result, this bill is to try and give le-verage to our negotiations so that doesn’t happen and so they can protect our industry. In fact, the negotiators want this bill because they need that leverage to be able to go and say no to some of the standards that are being proposed so that they can protect our industry. Now, I will give you a quick example. In my own State, we have a company that provides reinsurance in one of the countries in Europe. That country right now is trying to impose some new standards on that company to be able to do business there. We need to have the regulators be able to go to the IAIS and say: Look, this is not working. You cannot impact and undermine our own companies in this country with these rules that do not work. They need to be on a level playing field with everybody else. So this is a way that we can protect our companies and our industries and our consumers from this regulation that is basically out of control some-times. Mr. H
UIZENGA made a great point. He said: Why would we allow unelected foreign regulators to tell our industry what to do? That is what we have got. We have got a group of bureaucrats from around the world who are trying to tell our companies, our insurance in-dustry—it isn’t one company; it is ev-erybody in this country—what to do. They are not elected, but we are in this Congress. Shouldn’t we put the people’s representatives in charge of this? Mr. P
EARCE made that comment. These regulations need to be decided by the people’s representatives. That is us. That is what this bill does. It puts us in charge of saying yes or no to whatever agreements are done over there. Mr. B
ARRmade the comment that we need to protect the insurance model of our industry. And that is what this does. We in the Congress can look and see if these rules and regulations will protect the industry. It doesn’t mean we throw them all out either. The underlying principle of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.083 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7323 December 7, 2016 
everything that the minority ranking member is talking about here is that we are going to throw out every regula-tion that is being proposed. No, this is not the case. What we want to do is make sure the ones that are being proposed are okay and will not negatively impact our in-dustry. The ones that are going to be helpful, we will support those. We will let them go through. That is up to Con-gress. We should be in charge of those decisions, not somebody else around this world. Mr. W
ILLIAMS made a good point. He said this is kind of like a trade agree-ment. We approve all the trade agree-ments over in the other body, if I am not mistaken. Should we approve an agreement like this where we are going to impact an entire industry? I think so, Mr. Speaker. Let me just move on to a couple of points that were made by a couple of folks during the discussion on the other side. They talked about the pay-for in the bill. The pay-for in the bill actually comes from a slush fund of the SEC, which is overfunded at this point and that they are going to use less than 20 percent of that money this year. It is well paid for. It is well within the rea-son of being able to afford this, and it is not going to impact that regulator at all. So I think we are in great shape. Somebody made the comment that the Fed does have the authority to make these rules. No, they don’t. They don’t have authority to make a rule across the board on all insurance com-panies in this country. That is not a true statement. The statement was also made about the G-SIFIs and systemic institutions. This bill doesn’t do anything to address G-SIFI designation. This bill is about protecting the IAIS, which is a super-visory body. It is not the Federal Sta-bility Board. It is not the international board that decides all of these G-SIFI designations. This is the board that oversees the regulatory structure of in-surance companies. Somebody said it has constitutional concerns. If it has constitutional con-cerns, then you have just told me that Dodd-Frank is unconstitutional. That is all we are doing is dealing with what has gone on in Dodd-Frank when set-ting up the FIO office to try and give them the leverage and power they need to do something. It is interesting because the ranking member last week was railing on a bill that we had on the floor about trans-parency and oversight of regulators. You know what? We listened to her. This bill today does that very thing. It adds to transparency, and we are pro-viding oversight for the regulators. I would think she would be excited about this legislation and be willing to sup-port it. One other comment, Mr. Speaker, and I will close. The ranking member keeps throwing AIG at us. That is a red-herring from the standpoint that AIG is made up of two separate entities: one is an insur-ance company; one is the securities and investment company. The company that was in trouble was the securities and investment part. The insurance company stayed solid and solvent. That is not the one that was bailed out. So, again, the point was made by one of my colleagues—Mr. DUFFY , I believe it was—that in 2008 our system worked. And he is correct; it did work. Our in-surance industry in this country with-stood one of the largest and most dev-astating recessions in history since the Great Depression, and it came out of it with very little negative problems that could impact the quality of insurance being provided for our citizens. So, Mr. Speaker, let me just close by saying this bill does what we would hope that every bill would do in this Congress, and that is that it gives le-verage to people who can do good to protect our industries and our people, our way of life and our economy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for general debate has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 PRINTED IN HOUSE REPORT  
114–846 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, line 11, before the period insert the following: ‘‘and that any such final standard is composed in plain writing (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Plain Writing Act of 2010 (5 U.S.C. 301 note))’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 944, the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, my amendment is very simple. It requires that any international agreement needs to be written in plain writing as a condition to enter into the agree-ment. I am offering this from the perspec-tive of people in Florida, my district, and elsewhere who are small busi-nesses, who are small companies who can’t afford to hire large legal teams simply to understand overly complex regulations. They are already beset with way too much, both in terms of the scope, but also in terms of the com-plexity; and when you have complex agreements or regulations imposed on them, it not only makes life difficult for them, it actually gives them a com-petitive disadvantage over some of the big companies that we are always hear-ing about. So I think writing in plain language, clear and concise, makes it easier for small businesses to comply without amassing huge amounts in legal fees and other overhead costs. Plain writing doesn’t change the reg-ulation. You can have a regulation. It just requires it to be written in a way that doesn’t require you to hire $500- an-hour attorneys to interpret it for you. So I think it is a commonsense way to help small business with no tax-payer expense. I would note that the need for plain writing has been something that the Congress, on both sides of the aisle, has embraced over decades. I appreciate my friend from Mis-souri’s bill. I intend to support it. I think this amendment will be added protection for those who are struggling to do well in an economy in which so much that comes out of Washington seems to be making it more difficult for them to succeed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in oppo-sition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, this amendment requires that any final standard agreed to under the terms of this bill be composed in plain writing in accordance with the Plain Writing Act of 2010. That law ba-sically requires that Federal agencies use ‘‘clear government communication that the public can understand and use.’’ As a matter of general policy, I think that makes good sense. We want the public to be able to understand the rules and regulations that impact their daily lives. When government regula-tions are difficult to comprehend, it undermines rather than enhances our goal of setting clear rules of the road and preventing misconduct. But no amount of clear communication or plain writing will improve the basic issues with the underlying bill. Of course we support plain writing. I wish that all of us would adopt and carry out and implement the legisla-tion that was passed, supported by both sides of the aisle, for plain writing, for plain English. I wish the State would do it with their propositions, et cetera. We all pay lip service to it, but then we come with the gobbledygook that the American public has to try and under-stand. So, yes, I support plain writing. I support the public being able to under-stand what we do, but I don’t want peo-ple to be confused. Plain writing has nothing to do with the basic issues in this underlying bill. While I do not take issue with the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida, I continue to urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. It is a so-lution in search of a problem, one that certainly does not exist. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am glad that this is an amendment that my friend from California can embrace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.085 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7324 December 7, 2016 
I urge everyone to embrace it and would just urge people to support the amendment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). The question is on the amendment by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5-minute votes on mo-tions to suspend the rules with respect to H.R. 6076, S. 2971, and H.R. 5790, in each case by the yeas and nays. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 239, nays 170, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 613] YEAS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—170 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—24 
Brown (FL) Chu, Judy Clyburn Costa Fincher Granger Graves (MO) Hurt (VA) Israel Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee McDermott Miller (MI) Neal Poe (TX) Rice (NY) Roskam Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Serrano Tiberi Wasserman Schultz Westmoreland b1705 Mr. MESSER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TO RESEARCH, EVALUATE, AS-SESS, AND TREAT ASTRONAUTS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6076) to require the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to establish a program for the medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of astronauts, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 413, nays 0, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 614] YEAS—413 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.087 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7325 December 7, 2016 
Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—20 
Brown (FL) Clyburn Costa Diaz-Balart Fincher Forbes Gabbard Graves (MO) Israel Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee McDermott Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Roskam Sanchez, Loretta Serrano Tiberi Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1713 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL URBAN SEARCH AND RESCUE RESPONSE SYSTEM ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2971) to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 405, nays 7, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 615] YEAS—405 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.033 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7326 December 7, 2016 
NAYS—7 
Amash Harris Jones Massie Ribble Sanford Sensenbrenner 
NOT VOTING—21 
Brat Brown (FL) Clyburn Costa Doyle, Michael F. Fincher Forbes Graves (MO) Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee McDermott Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Roskam Rush Sanchez, Loretta Serrano Tiberi Waters, Maxine Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1719 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 615. 
f 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGA-TION WHISTLEBLOWER PROTEC-TION ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5790) to provide adequate pro-tections for whistleblowers at the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation, as amend-ed, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 404, nays 0, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 616] YEAS—404 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—29 
Brown (FL) Clyburn Costa Doyle, Michael F. Fincher Forbes Graves (MO) Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee McDermott Miller (MI) Nolan Nugent Poe (TX) Roskam Roybal-Allard Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Serrano Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Tiberi Vela Vela´zquez Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1726 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 611 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 1219), 612 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended S. 3028), 613 (on passage of H.R. 5143), 614 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 6076), 615 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended House Amendment to S. 2971), and 616 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5790) I did not cast my vote due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on all of the votes. 
f 
BETTER ONLINE TICKET SALES ACT OF 2016 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3183) to prohibit the circumvention of control measures used by Internet ticket sell-ers to ensure equitable consumer ac-cess to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3183 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Better On-line Ticket Sales Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘BOTS Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. UNFAIR AND DECEPTIVE ACTS AND PRAC-TICES RELATING TO CIRCUMVEN-TION OF TICKET ACCESS CONTROL MEASURES. 
(a) C ONDUCT PROHIBITED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for any person— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.034 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7327 December 7, 2016 
(A) to circumvent a security measure, ac-cess control system, or other technological control or measure on an Internet website or online service that is used by the ticket issuer to enforce posted event ticket pur-chasing limits or to maintain the integrity of posted online ticket purchasing order rules; or (B) to sell or offer to sell any event ticket in interstate commerce obtained in violation of subparagraph (A) if the person selling or offering to sell the ticket either— (i) participated directly in or had the abil-ity to control the conduct in violation of subparagraph (A); or (ii) knew or should have known that the event ticket was acquired in violation of sub-paragraph (A). (2) E
XCEPTION .—It shall not be unlawful under this section for a person to create or use any computer software or system— (A) to investigate, or further the enforce-ment or defense, of any alleged violation of this section or other statute or regulation; or (B) to engage in research necessary to identify and analyze flaws and vulnerabilities of measures, systems, or con-trols described in paragraph (1)(A), if these research activities are conducted to advance the state of knowledge in the field of com-puter system security or to assist in the de-velopment of computer security product. (b) E
NFORCEMENT BY THE FEDERAL TRADE  C
OMMISSION .— (1) U
NFAIR OR DECEPTIVE ACTS OR PRAC -
TICES .—A violation of subsection (a) shall be treated as a violation of a rule defining an unfair or a deceptive act or practice under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Com-mission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)). (2) P
OWERS OF COMMISSION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall en-force this section in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were incorporated into and made a part of this section. (B) P
RIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES .—Any per- son who violates subsection (a) shall be sub-ject to the penalties and entitled to the privileges and immunities provided in the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.). (C) A
UTHORITY PRESERVED .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Federal Trade Commission under any other provision of law. (c) E
NFORCEMENT BY STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which the attorney general of a State has reason to be-lieve that an interest of the residents of the State has been or is threatened or adversely affected by the engagement of any person subject to subsection (a) in a practice that violates such subsection, the attorney gen-eral of the State may, as parens patriae, bring a civil action on behalf of the residents of the State in an appropriate district court of the United States— (A) to enjoin further violation of such sub-section by such person; (B) to compel compliance with such sub-section; and (C) to obtain damages, restitution, or other compensation on behalf of such residents. (2) R
IGHTS OF FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION .— (A) N
OTICE TO FEDERAL TRADE COMMIS -
SION.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (iii), the attorney general of a State shall notify the Commission in writing that the attorney general intends to bring a civil action under paragraph (1) not later than 10 days before initiating the civil action. (ii) CONTENTS .—The notification required by clause (i) with respect to a civil action shall include a copy of the complaint to be filed to initiate the civil action. (iii) E
XCEPTION .—If it is not feasible for the attorney general of a State to provide the notification required by clause (i) before ini-tiating a civil action under paragraph (1), the attorney general shall notify the Com-mission immediately upon instituting the civil action. (B) I
NTERVENTION BY FEDERAL TRADE COM -
MISSION .—The Commission may— (i) intervene in any civil action brought by the attorney general of a State under para-graph (1); and (ii) upon intervening— (I) be heard on all matters arising in the civil action; and (II) file petitions for appeal of a decision in the civil action. (3) I
NVESTIGATORY POWERS .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to prevent the attorney general of a State from exer-cising the powers conferred on the attorney general by the laws of the State to conduct investigations, to administer oaths or affir-mations, or to compel the attendance of wit-nesses or the production of documentary or other evidence. (4) P
REEMPTIVE ACTION BY FEDERAL TRADE  
COMMISSION .—If the Commission institutes a civil action or an administrative action with respect to a violation of subsection (a), the attorney general of a State may not, during the pendency of such action, bring a civil ac-tion under paragraph (1) against any defend-ant named in the complaint of the Commis-sion for the violation with respect to which the Commission instituted such action. (5) V
ENUE ; SERVICE OF PROCESS .— (A) V
ENUE .—Any action brought under paragraph (1) may be brought in— (i) the district court of the United States that meets applicable requirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28, United States Code; or (ii) another court of competent jurisdic-tion. (B) S
ERVICE OF PROCESS .—In an action brought under paragraph (1), process may be served in any district in which the defend-ant— (i) is an inhabitant; or (ii) may be found. (6) A
CTIONS BY OTHER STATE OFFICIALS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to civil ac-tions brought by attorneys general under paragraph (1), any other consumer protec-tion officer of a State who is authorized by the State to do so may bring a civil action under paragraph (1), subject to the same re-quirements and limitations that apply under this subsection to civil actions brought by attorneys general. (B) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to prohibit an authorized official of a State from initiating or continuing any proceeding in a court of the State for a violation of any civil or criminal law of the State. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Trade Commission. (2) E
VENT .—The term ‘‘event’’ means any concert, theatrical performance, sporting event, show, or similarly scheduled activity, taking place in a venue with a seating or at-tendance capacity exceeding 200 persons that— (A) is open to the general public; and (B) is promoted, advertised, or marketed in interstate commerce or for which event tick-ets are generally sold or distributed in inter-state commerce. (3) E
VENT TICKET .—The term ‘‘event tick-et’’ means any physical, electronic, or other form of a certificate, document, voucher, token, or other evidence indicating that the bearer, possessor, or person entitled to pos-session through purchase or otherwise has— (A) a right, privilege, or license to enter an event venue or occupy a particular seat or area in an event venue with respect to one or more events; or (B) an entitlement to purchase such a right, privilege, or license with respect to one or more future events. (4) TICKET ISSUER .—The term ‘‘ticket issuer’’ means any person who makes event tickets available, directly or indirectly, to the general public, and may include— (A) the operator of the venue; (B) the sponsor or promoter of an event; (C) a sports team participating in an event or a league whose teams are participating in an event; (D) a theater company, musical group, or similar participant in an event; and (E) an agent for any such person. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A CER-TAIN CORRECTION IN THE EN-ROLLMENT OF S. 1635 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolu-tion and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 181 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill S. 1635, the Secretary of the Senate shall make the following corrections: (1) In section 113, in the proposed sub-section (j)(1) of section 4 of the Foreign Serv-ice Buildings Act, 1926, strike ‘‘subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary may transfer to, and merge with, any appropria-tion for embassy security, construction, and maintenance such amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for any other purpose related to the administration of foreign affairs on or after January 1, 2017, if the Secretary deter-mines such transfer is necessary to provide for the security of sites and buildings in for-eign countries under the jurisdiction and control of the Secretary’’ and insert ‘‘subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary may transfer to, and merge with, any appropriation for fiscal year 2018 under the heading ‘Diplo-matic and Consular Programs’, including for Worldwide Security Protection, and under the heading ‘Embassy Security, Construc-tion, and Maintenance’ funds appropriated under such headings if the Secretary deter-mines such transfer is necessary to imple-ment the recommendations of the Benghazi Accountability Review Board, or to prevent or respond to security situations and re-quirements’’. (2) In section 113, in the proposed sub-section (j) of section 4 of the Foreign Service Buildings Act, 1926, strike the proposed para-graph (2). (3) In section 113, in the proposed sub-section (j) of section 4 of the Foreign Service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.038 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7328 December 7, 2016 
Buildings Act, 1926, redesignate the proposed paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (4) In paragraph (7) of section 307, strike ‘‘Office of Inspector General of the Depart-ment of State and the Broadcasting Board of Governors’’ and insert ‘‘offices of inspectors general of relevant United Nations agen-cies’’. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1730 REQUIRING A REGIONAL STRAT-EGY TO ADDRESS THE THREAT POSED BY BOKO HARAM Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intel-ligence be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill (S. 1632) to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1632 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REGIONAL STRATEGY TO ADDRESS THE THREAT POSED BY BOKO HARAM. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly develop and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a five-year strategy to help enable the Govern-ment of Nigeria, members of the Multi-national Joint Task Force to Combat Boko Haram (MNJTF) authorized by the African Union, and relevant partners to counter the regional threat of Boko Haram and assist the Government of Nigeria and its neighbors to accept and address legitimate grievances of vulnerable populations in areas affected by Boko Haram. (2) E
LEMENTS .—At a minimum, the strat-egy must address the following elements: (A) Enhance, pursuant to existing authori-ties and restrictions, the institutional capac-ity, including military capabilities, of the Government of Nigeria and partner nations in the region, as appropriate, to counter the threat posed by Boko Haram. (B) Provide humanitarian support to civil-ian populations impacted by Boko Haram’s activity. (C) Specific activities through which the United States Government intends to im-prove and enhance the capacity of Multi-national Joint Task Force to Combat Boko Haram partner nations to investigate and prosecute human rights abuses by security forces and promote respect for the rule of law within the military. (D) A means for assisting Nigeria, and as appropriate, Multinational Joint Task Force to Combat Boko Haram nations, to counter violent extremism, including efforts to ad-dress underlying societal factors shown to contribute to the ability of Boko Haram to radicalize and recruit individuals. (E) A plan to strengthen and promote the rule of law, including by improving the ca-pacity of the civilian police and judicial sys-tem in Nigeria, enhancing public safety, and responding to crime (including gender-based violence), while respecting human rights and strengthening accountability measures, in-cluding measures to prevent corruption. (F) Strengthen the long-term capacity of the Government of Nigeria to enhance secu-rity for schools such that children are safer and girls seeking an education are better protected, and to combat gender-based vio-lence and gender inequality. (G) Identify and develop mechanisms for coordinating the implementation of the strategy across the inter-agency and with the Government of Nigeria, regional part-ners, and other relevant foreign partners. (H) Identify the resources required to achieve the strategy’s objectives. (b) ASSESSMENT .—The Director of National Intelligence shall submit, to the appropriate committees of Congress, an assessment re-garding— (1) the willingness and capability of the Government of Nigeria and regional partners to implement the strategy developed under subsection (a), including the capability gaps, if any, of the Government and military forces of Nigeria that would need to be ad-dressed to enable the Government of Nigeria and the governments of its partner countries in the region— (A) to counter the threat of Boko Haram; and (B) to address the legitimate grievances of vulnerable populations in areas affected by Boko Haram; and (2) significant United States intelligence gaps concerning Boko Haram or on the will-ingness and capacity of the Government of Nigeria and regional partners to implement the strategy developed under subsection (a). (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that lack of economic opportunity and access to education, justice, and other social services contributes to the ability of Boko Haram to radicalize and recruit indi-viduals. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to sub-mit statements and extraneous mate-rials for the R
ECORD on S. 1632. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on additional motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record votes on postponed ques-tions will be taken later. 
f 
VIETNAM HELICOPTER CREW MEMORIAL ACT Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4298) to direct the Secretary of the Army to place in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery a memorial honoring the helicopter pilots and crew members of the Vietnam era, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4298 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PLACEMENT OF MEMORIAL HONORING HELICOPTER PILOTS DURING THE VIETNAM WAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the require-ments of section (c), the Secretary of the Army shall place in Arlington National Cem-etery a memorial honoring helicopter pilots and crew members who served on active duty in the Armed Forces during the Vietnam era. (b) D
ESIGN .—The memorial placed under subsection (a) shall measure 4 feet in height, 5 feet in width, and 1 foot in depth, and shall be based on a design approved by the Sec-retary of the Army and the Vietnam Heli-copter Pilots Association. (c) A
GREEMENT FOR UPKEEP AND MAINTE -
NANCE .—The Secretary of the Army may only place a memorial under subsection (a) if the Secretary enters into an agreement with the Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association under which the Association agrees to pay all costs necessary to construct, install, and maintain the memorial, and to such other provisions as the Secretary may require. (d) A
PPROVAL OF SITE.—The Secretary of the Army shall approve an appropriate site within Arlington National Cemetery for the memorial under subsection (a) to be placed. (e) W
AIVER OF ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESS -
MENT .—Section 102 of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) shall not apply with respect to the memorial placed under subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK) and the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.039 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7329 December 7, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to insert extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 4298, which directs the Department of the Army to place in Arlington National Cemetery a memorial honoring helicopter pilots and crew members who served on Ac-tive Duty in the Armed Forces during the Vietnam war. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to think about the Vietnam war without think-ing about the significant role both man and machinery played throughout the war effort. The helicopter was the mainstay for operational mobility, with approximately 12,000 helicopters used during the war by the Army, Navy, Marines, and Air Force. These helicopters, flown by tremen-dously skilled pilots and manned by brave and competent crew chiefs, door gunners, and medics, brought a con-stant stream of troops and supplies to the battlefields and carried the wound-ed from the battlefields—all while op-erating under extreme conditions and at tremendous personal risk. Heli-copter support to combat operations in Vietnam was not without significant loss. An estimated 5,000 helicopter pi-lots and crew members made the ulti-mate sacrifice during the war. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Nevada for introducing this bill to permanently honor and remember the sacrifice by the extraordinary heli-copter pilots and crew members who served in Vietnam by placing a memo-rial in their honor in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery. Therefore, I strongly urge all Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ), my friend and colleague and the spon-sor of this bill. Mr. AMODEI. I thank my colleague from the Silver State and also the ranking member from the sub-committee. Mr. Speaker, I really shouldn’t be here talking about this bill right now. The reason this bill was necessitated is that the public law says that the Sec-retary of the Army can have monu-ments placed only in those sections of Arlington National Cemetery that are designated by the Secretary for such placement and only on land that the Secretary deems not suitable for bur-ial. There are about 30 million square feet at Arlington National Cemetery when you take the presently under- construction addition and the planned additional constructed addition—30 million square feet. This bill seeks this amount of space out of 30 million square feet. For those of you who are challenged by visual numbers, that is 5 square feet that they have asked for for all serv-ices—not just the Army but all serv-ices—and to commemorate the fact that they were nearly 10 percent of the casualties in the Vietnam war—the Helicopter war. I understand graves to be the pri-mary mission for Arlington National Cemetery, and I respect that. I under-stand that there is a concern about being overrun with requests for memo-rials, and I concur with that concern. My problem is that that public law doesn’t say there will be no memorials at Arlington National Cemetery. By the decision that the administra-tion at Arlington has made that says you can’t have 5 square feet, they have basically changed the law effectively to: there are no memorials. The high bar that there should be for memorials, in effect, has been set up there, touch-ing the ceiling. If these folks—for all services and for nearly 10 percent of the casualties in the Vietnam war— can’t qualify, I wonder who can. So the necessity for this legislation: 5 square feet. By the way, in the last quarter of a century, do you know how many me-morials have been approved for place-ment at Arlington? You don’t need all of the fingers on one hand. Four. You need all of the fingers; you just don’t need the thumb. Four. We are not over-run with memorials. As we sit here on the anniversary of Pearl Harbor and as we talk again about some Vietnam veterans, isn’t it funny that we now have to come to Congress and run a bill to respect those folks who, by the way, probably kept a heck of a lot more names off that wall a little farther down the Mall from here. I thank the bipartisan support that I have received from Members in both Houses—nationwide support. My re-quest is this: if we want to say ‘‘no more memorials at Arlington,’’ then we ought to say that in the law. We shouldn’t talk about space not being available for graves, and we shouldn’t talk about people who represent almost 10 percent of the casualties in a con-flict not being entitled to 5 square feet. By the way, at no cost to the govern-ment and with maintenance at no cost to the government. With that in hand, I urge bipartisan nationwide support to do the right thing for almost 5,000 people who paid the ultimate sacrifice in the Helicopter war in the service, in these—what were then—cutting-edge iconic machines. I thank my colleagues. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague stated, the service, com-mitment, and dedication of the heli-copter pilots during the Vietnam war were critical to saving many lives. As somebody who was an Army flight sur-geon, who spent hundreds of hours in the back of a helicopter, and who served as the chief of aeromedical evac-uation for the 325th Combat Support Hospital in Iraq in 2008, I can person-ally attest to the dedication, bravery, and commitment of the helicopter pi-lots and of the crew members and what they do for our men and women in uni-form. Therefore, I strongly urge the House to support this bill and provide this memorial at Arlington National Cemetery. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I include the following exchange of letters in the RECORD during consideration of H.R. 4298: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, December 6, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 4298, the Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act. There are certain provi-sions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important bill, I am will-ing to waive this committee’s right to se-quential referral. I do with the under-standing that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdic-tion. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 4298 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you. Sincerely, J
EFFMILLER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, December 6, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MILLER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4298, the Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act. As you noted, the bill contains subject matter that falls within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 4298 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I will urge the Speaker to appoint Members of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to any conference committee named to consider this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.101 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7330 December 7, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4298. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOLOCAUST EXPROPRIATED ART RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6130) to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappro-priated by the Nazis. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6130 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) It is estimated that the Nazis con-fiscated or otherwise misappropriated hun-dreds of thousands of works of art and other property throughout Europe as part of their genocidal campaign against the Jewish peo-ple and other persecuted groups. This has been described as the ‘‘greatest displacement of art in human history’’. (2) Following World War II, the United States and its allies attempted to return the stolen artworks to their countries of origin. Despite these efforts, many works of art were never reunited with their owners. Some of the art has since been discovered in the United States. (3) In 1998, the United States convened a conference with 43 other nations in Wash-ington, DC, known as the Washington Con-ference, which produced Principles on Nazi- Confiscated Art. One of these principles is that ‘‘steps should be taken expeditiously to achieve a just and fair solution’’ to claims involving such art that has not been restituted if the owners or their heirs can be identified. (4) The same year, Congress enacted the Holocaust Victims Redress Act (Public Law 105–158, 112 Stat. 15), which expressed the sense of Congress that ‘‘all governments should undertake good faith efforts to facili-tate the return of private and public prop-erty, such as works of art, to the rightful owners in cases where assets were con-fiscated from the claimant during the period of Nazi rule and there is reasonable proof that the claimant is the rightful owner.’’. (5) In 2009, the United States participated in a Holocaust Era Assets Conference in Prague, Czech Republic, with 45 other na-tions. At the conclusion of this conference, the participating nations issued the Terezin Declaration, which reaffirmed the 1998 Wash-ington Conference Principles on Nazi-Con-fiscated Art and urged all participants ‘‘to ensure that their legal systems or alter-native processes, while taking into account the different legal traditions, facilitate just and fair solutions with regard to Nazi-con-fiscated and looted art, and to make certain that claims to recover such art are resolved expeditiously and based on the facts and merits of the claims and all the relevant doc-uments submitted by all parties.’’. The Dec-laration also urged participants to ‘‘consider all relevant issues when applying various legal provisions that may impede the res-titution of art and cultural property, in order to achieve just and fair solutions, as well as alternative dispute resolution, where appropriate under law.’’. (6) Victims of Nazi persecution and their heirs have taken legal action in the United States to recover Nazi-confiscated art. These lawsuits face significant procedural obsta-cles partly due to State statutes of limita-tions, which typically bar claims within some limited number of years from either the date of the loss or the date that the claim should have been discovered. In some cases, this means that the claims expired be-fore World War II even ended. (See, e.g., De-troit Institute of Arts v. Ullin, No. 06–10333, 2007 WL 1016996 (E.D. Mich. Mar. 31, 2007).) The unique and horrific circumstances of World War II and the Holocaust make stat-utes of limitations especially burdensome to the victims and their heirs. Those seeking recovery of Nazi-confiscated art must pains-takingly piece together their cases from a fragmentary historical record ravaged by persecution, war, and genocide. This costly process often cannot be done within the time constraints imposed by existing law. (7) Federal legislation is needed because the only court that has considered the ques-tion held that the Constitution prohibits States from making exceptions to their stat-utes of limitations to accommodate claims involving the recovery of Nazi-confiscated art. In Von Saher v. Norton Simon Museum of Art, 592 F.3d 954 (9th Cir. 2009), the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit invalidated a California law that extended the State statute of limitations for claims seeking recovery of Holocaust-era artwork. The Court held that the law was an unconsti-tutional infringement of the Federal Govern-ment’s exclusive authority over foreign af-fairs, which includes the resolution of war- related disputes. In light of this precedent, the enactment of a Federal law is necessary to ensure that claims to Nazi-confiscated art are adjudicated in accordance with United States policy as expressed in the Washington Conference Principles on Nazi-Confiscated Art, the Holocaust Victims Redress Act, and the Terezin Declaration. (8) While litigation may be used to resolve claims to recover Nazi-confiscated art, it is the sense of Congress that the private resolu-tion of claims by parties involved, on the merits and through the use of alternative dispute resolution such as mediation panels established for this purpose with the aid of experts in provenance research and history, will yield just and fair resolutions in a more efficient and predictable manner. 
SEC. 3. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are the following: (1) To ensure that laws governing claims to Nazi-confiscated art and other property fur-ther United States policy as set forth in the Washington Conference Principles on Nazi- Confiscated Art, the Holocaust Victims Re-dress Act, and the Terezin Declaration. (2) To ensure that claims to artwork and other property stolen or misappropriated by the Nazis are not unfairly barred by statutes of limitations but are resolved in a just and fair manner. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
CTUAL DISCOVERY .—The term ‘‘actual discovery’’ means knowledge. (2) A
RTWORK OR OTHER PROPERTY .—The term ‘‘artwork or other property’’ means— (A) pictures, paintings, and drawings; (B) statuary art and sculpture; (C) engravings, prints, lithographs, and works of graphic art; (D) applied art and original artistic assem-blages and montages; (E) books, archives, musical objects and manuscripts (including musical manuscripts and sheets), and sound, photographic, and cinematographic archives and mediums; and (F) sacred and ceremonial objects and Judaica. (3) COVERED PERIOD .—The term ‘‘covered period’’ means the period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 1933, and ending on December 31, 1945. (4) K
NOWLEDGE .—The term ‘‘knowledge’’ means having actual knowledge of a fact or circumstance or sufficient information with regard to a relevant fact or circumstance to amount to actual knowledge thereof. (5) N
AZI PERSECUTION .—The term ‘‘Nazi persecution’’ means any persecution of a spe-cific group of individuals based on Nazi ide-ology by the Government of Germany, its al-lies or agents, members of the Nazi Party, or their agents or associates, during the cov-ered period. 
SEC. 5. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal or State law or any defense at law relating to the passage of time, and except as otherwise provided in this section, a civil claim or cause of action against a defendant to recover any artwork or other property that was lost during the covered period because of Nazi persecution may be commenced not later than 6 years after the actual discovery by the claimant or the agent of the claimant of— (1) the identity and location of the artwork or other property; and (2) a possessory interest of the claimant in the artwork or other property. (b) P
OSSIBLE MISIDENTIFICATION .—For pur- poses of subsection (a)(1), in a case in which the artwork or other property is one of a group of substantially similar multiple artworks or other property, actual discovery of the identity and location of the artwork or other property shall be deemed to occur on the date on which there are facts suffi-cient to form a substantial basis to believe that the artwork or other property is the artwork or other property that was lost. (c) P
REEXISTING CLAIMS .—Except as pro-vided in subsection (e), a civil claim or cause of action described in subsection (a) shall be deemed to have been actually discovered on the date of enactment of this Act if— (1) before the date of enactment of this Act— (A) a claimant had knowledge of the ele-ments set forth in subsection (a); and (B) the civil claim or cause of action was barred by a Federal or State statute of limi-tations; or (2)(A) before the date of enactment of this Act, a claimant had knowledge of the ele-ments set forth in subsection (a); and (B) on the date of enactment of this Act, the civil claim or cause of action was not barred by a Federal or State statute of limi-tations. (d) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) shall apply to any civil claim or cause of action that is— (1) pending in any court on the date of en-actment of this Act, including any civil claim or cause of action that is pending on appeal or for which the time to file an appeal has not expired; or (2) filed during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2026. (e) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any civil claim or cause of action barred on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act by a Federal or State stat-ute of limitations if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.102 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7331 December 7, 2016 
(1) the claimant or a predecessor-in-inter-est of the claimant had knowledge of the ele-ments set forth in subsection (a) on or after January 1, 1999; and (2) not less than 6 years have passed from the date such claimant or predecessor-in-in-terest acquired such knowledge and during which time the civil claim or cause of action was not barred by a Federal or State statute of limitations. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to create a civil claim or cause of action under Federal or State law. (g) S
UNSET .—This Act shall cease to have effect on January 1, 2027, except that this Act shall continue to apply to any civil claim or cause of action described in sub-section (a) that is pending on January 1, 2027. Any civil claim or cause of action com-menced on or after that date to recover art-work or other property described in this Act shall be subject to any applicable Federal or State statute of limitations or any other Federal or State defense at law relating to the passage of time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 6130, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. From 1933, when Hitler took power in Germany, until 1945, when the Allied Forces liberated Europe, the Nazis and their collaborators stole countless works of art and cultural objects from museums and private collections throughout Europe. Indeed, according to the American Alliance of Museums, the Nazi regime orchestrated a system of theft, confis-cation, coercive transfer, looting, pil-lage, and the destruction of objects of art and other cultural property in Eu-rope on a massive and an unprece-dented scale. Millions of such objects were unlawfully and often forcibly taken from their rightful owners. This systematic looting and confiscation of the cultural property of the Jews and of other persecuted groups has been de-scribed as the greatest displacement of art in human history. In order to provide the victims of the Holocaust and their heirs a fair oppor-tunity in our courts to recover artwork that had been confiscated or misappro-priated by the Nazis, Representative N
ADLER and I, along with several other bipartisan cosponsors, introduced the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act, or HEAR Act. Companion legisla-tion has been introduced by Senators C
ORNYN and S CHUMER in the Senate. Since World War II ended, the United States has pursued policies to help Hol-ocaust victims reclaim artwork and other cultural property that was un-lawfully taken. In recent years, the United States has joined with other nations to de-clare the importance of restoring Nazi- looted and confiscated art to its right-ful owners. For instance, in the 1998 Washington Conference Principles on Nazi-Confiscated Art, the United States and 43 other nations declared that Holocaust victims and their heirs should be encouraged to come forward and make known their claims to art that was confiscated by the Nazis and not subsequently restituted and that steps should be taken expeditiously to achieve a just and fair solution to such claims. In 2009, we joined with 48 other coun-tries in declaring that governments should ensure that their legal systems facilitate just and fair solutions with regard to Nazi-confiscated and looted art and make certain that the claims to recover such art are resolved expedi-tiously and based on the facts and mer-its of the claims. The enactment of the HEAR Act is an important step in following through on these principles. The vast majority of victims whose property was mis-appropriated during the Holocaust sim-ply lacked the information, resources, and sometimes wherewithal to pursue litigation to recover their property. Even for those with the resources, lo-cating and proving ownership of Nazi- looted art proved to be extremely dif-ficult. Moreover, the psychological trauma of the Holocaust often pre-vented victims from pursuing lost property. Those who have seen the recent movie ‘‘Woman in Gold,’’ which tells the story of Maria Altmann’s arduous legal battle to recover her family’s pos-sessions that were seized by the Nazis, including the famous portrait of her aunt by Gustav Klimt, can understand just how difficult litigation to reclaim Nazi-confiscated art can be. b1745 Ms. Altmann was in litigation for many years before her family’s art-work was recovered from the Austrian Government in 2006. At least in Ms. Altmann’s case, litigation was success-ful. However, as the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has observed: ‘‘Many obsta-cles face those who attempt to recover Holocaust-era art through lawsuits,’’ including ‘‘procedural hurdles, such as statutes of limitations’’ that prevent the merits of claims from ever being adjudicated. Given the unique and horrific cir-cumstances of World War II and the Holocaust, State statutes of limita-tions can be an unfair impediment to the victims and their heirs and con-trary to the stated policy of the United States. Accordingly, the HEAR Act’s uni-form, 6-year Federal limitations period is needed to ensure that the United States fulfills its promises to ‘‘facili-tate just and fair solution with regard to Nazi-confiscated and looted art’’ and to ‘‘make certain that claims to re-cover such art are resolved expedi-tiously and based on the facts and mer-its of the claims.’’ I urge my colleagues to support this legislation so that cases involving Nazi-confiscated artwork are resolved in our courts in a just and fair manner on the merits of those claims. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I appreciate the work Mr. CONYERS , the ranking member, has done on this bill; Mr. G
OODLATTE , the chairman and the sponsor; and Mr. N
ADLER , our Democratic colead. I rise in support of H.R. 6130, the Hol-ocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016. H.R. 6130 creates a new 6-year Federal statute of limitations for civil claims filed in Federal or State court to allow a claimant to recover artwork and other cultural property that was stolen, seized, sold under duress, or otherwise lost as a result of Nazi perse-cution during the period from January 1, 1933, to December 31, 1945. The bill provides that this limitation period begins upon a claimant’s ‘‘ac-tual discovery’’ of the identity and lo-cation of the art that was unlawfully lost, and information or facts sufficient to indicate that the claimant has a possessory interest in the art. In addition, the bill specifies that this new limitations period applies to cases filed prior to December 31, 2026. Finally, the bill’s provisions sunset on January 1, 2027. The new Federal limitations period established by H.R. 6130 is necessary because State statutes of limitations often bar claims if they are not filed within some specified number of years from the date of the loss. For Holocaust-era claims concerning stolen art, this means that most stat-utes of limitations would bar cases even before victims are able to have ac-tual knowledge of whether their art or other cultural property had been stolen by the Nazis and been located and still was present. Importantly, H.R. 6130 restores the claims that were barred by existing State statutes of limitations by deem-ing the bill’s date of enactment as the moment of ‘‘actual discovery’’ for pur-poses of triggering the bill’s new 6-year limitations period. This critical legislation reinforces longstanding American policy, encour-aging restitution for victims of the Nazi government or its allies and agents, including with respect to Nazi- confiscated or looted art. As recently as this morning, a fea-ture article was in The New York Times: ‘‘Jewish Dealer’s Heirs File Suit Over Art in Bavarian State Collec-tion.’’ Indeed, that case is about the facts, but it shows that there are still 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.054 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7332 December 7, 2016 
active cases where it has been discov-ered that there was art that was owned by Jewish people that was taken by others and put in the hands of the Nazis, and there is an issue about whether or not there is a right to re-covery. This would guarantee that those peo-ple who discover art—and this art was discovered some person’s house that had been hidden for years in a person’s house behind walls, and all of this valu-able art that had been stolen and hid-den was only discovered about 3 years ago—that the rightful owners, or heirs to the owners, would have a right in American courts to pursue justice. In recognition of the Nazi govern-ment’s deliberate campaign to steal artwork and other cultural property from its victims, H.R. 6130 rightfully ensures victims are given a chance to have their day in court to pursue jus-tice. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes and 36 seconds to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6130, the Holocaust Expropri-ated Art Recovery Act. This legislation will help restore artwork and heritage stolen by the Nazis during the Holo-caust to the rightful owners or heirs. I was proud to join Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE in introducing this bill, and I ap-preciate his efforts in moving it for-ward. In addition to their crimes of geno-cide and mass murder, the Nazis en-gaged in comprehensive, systemic theft of art and property mostly, but not en-tirely, from Jews all across Europe. The scope of their theft was massive, and the damaging effects remain with us today, with victims still seeking justice and some form of compensa-tion. Nearly 20 years ago, in 1998, the United States brought together 44 na-tions to produce a set of principles on Nazi confiscated art. They agreed that steps should be taken expeditiously to achieve a just and fair solution to the outstanding claims. In 2009, the United States joined 45 other nations in Prague to issue what was known as the Terezin Declaration, which reaffirmed these principles. Unfortunately, today, 71 years after the defeat of the Nazis and the libera-tion of Europe, many American victims are still unable to pursue their claims in court because of restrictive statutes of limitations in the States. These laws generally require a claimant to bring a case within a limited number of years from when the loss occurred or should have been discovered; but in many in-stances, the information required to file a claim regarding artwork stolen by the Nazis was not brought to light until many years later, forcing courts to dismiss cases before they could be judged on the merits. In some cases, the law would have required a claim to be brought even before World War II ended. This is obviously unjust. Some States have attempted to make an exception to their statutes of limi-tations to accommodate these claims, but such efforts have been ruled uncon-stitutional, as an infringement on the Federal Government’s exclusive au-thority over foreign affairs. Federal legislation, therefore, is needed to bring justice to this area. This bill would set a uniform 6-year Federal statute of limitations for the claims of Nazi-confiscated art from the time that the identity and location of the artwork and the ownership inter-ests of the claimant are actually dis-covered. It would also restore the claims of those claimants whose cases were dismissed previously because of a statute of limitations. This bill would finally ensure that the rightful owners and their decedents can have their claims properly adju-dicated. I thank Ronald Lauder, president of the World Jewish Congress, for his de-termined efforts to see that this issue is resolved; and Chairman GOODLATTE  for working with me and our colleagues to bring this legislation forward. While no legislation or act of contri-tion will ever reverse the many horrors committed by the Nazis, one thing we can do is establish a fair judicial proc-ess so that some victims can achieve some small measure of justice. Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support for this legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers and I am pre-pared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the carrier of the spirit of Congresswoman Barbara Jordan. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the manager, Mr. C
OHEN ; the chairman of the committee; both spon-sors; the lead sponsor, Mr. N
ADLER of New York; and I thank the ranking member, Mr. C
ONYERS . I rise in strong support of H.R. 6130, the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recov-ery Act of 2016. I am very grateful that my colleagues have brought this to the attention of the House. This important legislation tries to bring some remedy and solace to a devastating era of geno-cide, the Holocaust. It provides the vic-tims of Holocaust-era persecution and genocide and their heirs a fair oppor-tunity to recover works of art con-fiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis, and there were many. People wishing to claim ownership of art lost or confiscated during the Holo-caust would have the proper time nec-essary to do so under H.R. 6130. The bill would apply to art and other antiq-uities, such as books, that were stolen from Jewish people and other per-secuted groups by the German Nazi re-gime from 1933 to 1945. In the times that I visited Israel, I have spent much time in the Holocaust Museum, as I have spent time in the Holocaust exhibit and tribute here in Washington, and our own Holocaust Museum in Houston, Texas. I have been on the advisory board of the Holocaust Museum in Houston, Texas, and have participated in the Holocaust ceremonies here. This is a very important legal rem-edy. While the United States is a signa-tory of the 2009 Terezin Declaration, which states legal systems can facili-tate claims of ownership of items lost during the Holocaust, the claims of po-tential owners in the U.S. have, how-ever, faced barriers because of State statutes of limitation, which in some cases would have expired even before the end of World War II. Under this legislation, individuals would have as much as 6 years from the time they discover the identity and lo-cation of a piece of art or other prop-erty or learned that they may have ownership of such art or property to file an ownership claim. The bill’s findings would express the sense of Congress that setting one Fed-eral statute of limitations will allow claims to be settled through alter-native dispute resolution methods that will produce more just and fair out-comes. The actual bottom line of this legis-lation, as we were able to see in the Academy Award-winning actress in the film ‘‘Woman in Gold,’’ which many of us saw, is that it is a fair and just relief for those so persecuted. What more can be taken from you— your life, your liberty, your lost loved ones—and then those special artifacts, antiquities that would bring back the memories of your family and your his-tory? This legislation is well needed. It is a relief for those who are in pain. I sup-port and ask my colleagues to support the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recov-ery Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6130, the ‘‘Holocaust Expropriated Art Recov-ery Act of 2016’’. I thank our colleague, Chairman G OODLATTE  for his work in guiding this legislation through the people’s House. This legislation provides the victims of Holo-caust-era persecution and genocide and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis. People wishing to claim ownership of art lost or confiscated during the Holocaust would have the proper time necessary to do so under H.R. 6130. The bill would apply to art and other antiq-uities, such as books, that were stolen from Jewish people and other persecuted groups by the German Nazi regime from 1933 to 1945. While the United States is a signatory of the 2009 Terezin Declaration, which urged legal systems can facilitate claims of ownership of items lost during the Holocaust, the claims of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.104 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7333 December 7, 2016 
potential owners in the U.S. have, however, faced barriers because of state statutes of lim-itation, which in some cases would have ex-pired even before the end of World War II. In a 2009 case, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ruled that a law in Cali-fornia that sought to extend the statute of limi-tations for Holocaust art recovery infringed on federal authority over foreign affairs. Under this legislation, individuals would have as many as six years from the time they discovered the identity and location of a piece of art or other property, or learned that they may have ownership of such art or property, to file an ownership claim. The bill’s findings would express the sense of Congress that setting one federal statute of limitations will allow claims to be settled through alternative dispute resolution methods that will produce more just and fair outcomes. Pre-existing claims would be considered dis-covered on the date of the bill’s enactment, in-cluding claims that had previously been barred by federal or state statutes of limitation. While we can never erase the horrors of the Holocaust from human history, we can do our part to bring these treasures back to the fami-lies of those who suffered and sacrificed so much during that dark time. I join the American Society of Appraisers, B’nai B’rith International, the Federal Bar As-sociation, the World Jewish Congress, and the World Jewish Restitution Organization in sup-porting this important legislation. Academy Award-winning actress Helen Mirren, who starred in the 2015 film ‘‘Woman in Gold,’’ about the real life Maria Altmann’s fight to reclaim a painting taken from her fam-ily during this horrific atrocity, has pledged her support as well, testifying on behalf of com-panion bi-partisan legislation introduced in the Senate Judiciary Committee by the Senior Senator from Texas, my friend J
OHN CORNYN . We know there are many cases that still cry out for justice. For 75 years, since the start of World War II, these unremedied claims have seared fes-tering wounds into the lives of brave survivors and their families. This legislation will finally allow us to cele-brate the heirlooms and artifacts of varied her-itage that stitch together the diversity of Amer-ican culture with the thread of age-old and in-tegral property rights we still cherish today. The legislation before us is intended to help us remove that stain once and for all. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me in voting for its passage. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This legislation is supported by many, including the American Jewish Committee, B’nai B’rith International, the Commission for Art Recovery, the World Jewish Congress, the World Jew-ish Restitution Organization, and the Association of Art Museum Directors. I do applaud Chairman G
OODLATTE  and Mr. N
ADLER for their work on this important legislation. I urge my col-leagues to support it. Just kind of parenthetically, I watched a movie called ‘‘Race,’’ which was put out last fall, about Jesse Owens. It was a movie about the 1936 Olympics and how Hitler didn’t want him to participate and how there were two Jewish runners who were supposed to participate and they were scratched by our American Olympic chairman be-cause he didn’t want the Jewish men to run in front of Hitler and win—because they would have—and the Americans won by a large amount of space and time, and that was not allowed. Things that happened there should never be forgotten. Elie Wiesel was re-membered at the Holocaust Museum recently, after he passed earlier this year. He told us that we can never for-get, and we always should bear witness. We should bear witness and remem-ber and try to do justice for the vic-tims of the Holocaust, as we should to the people who have been disenfran-chised and damaged and hurt by our periods of Jim Crow and slavery. Keep us attuned and aware and alert. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this is important legislation. I commend my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, as well as Members on this side of the aisle, for their bipartisan spirit in passing this. This will only do a small thing rel-ative to trying to right the wrongs of the history of the Nazi regime, but it is an important step in that process. I strongly support the bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of H.R. 6130, the ‘‘Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016.’’ This bill creates a new uniform Federal 6- year statute of limitations for Nazi-stolen art-work and other cultural property and would allow Nazi-era stolen art claims currently barred by existing statutes of limitations to proceed in court. It also makes clear that the statute of limitations begins only after a claim-ant makes an actual discovery of his or her claim to artwork of disputed provenance. Victims of Nazi theft of artwork deserve ac-cess to the courts so that they can try to get some justice for the wrongs committed against them. This bill is critical to giving them that chance. The Nazis were notorious for, among other things, stealing hundreds of thousands of artworks from Europe during their reign of terror in the 1930’s and 1940’s, in what has been described as the greatest displacement of art in human history. The American Jewish Congress, B’nai B’rith International, and the Association of Art Mu-seum Directors, among others, support this bill. While nothing we do can ever fully com-pensate victims of the Nazis, we can at least take this modest step towards helping those victims get some measure of restitution. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6130. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 612, GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–849) on the resolution (H. Res. 949) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 612) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in La-redo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
b1800 KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4919) to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Pro-gram, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteris-tics of some children with autism, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4919 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016’’. TITLE I—MISSING ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE PATIENT ALERT PROGRAM REAUTHOR-IZATION 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Missing Americans Alert Program Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 102. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE MISSING ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE PATIENT ALERT PROGRAM. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181) is amended— (1) in the section header, by striking ‘‘
ALZ-
HEIMER ’S DISEASE PATIENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
AMERICANS ’’; and (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) G
RANT PROGRAM TOREDUCE INJURY  
ANDDEATH OF MISSING AMERICANS WITHDE-
MENTIA AND DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES .— Subject to the availability of appropriations to carry out this section, the Attorney Gen-eral, through the Bureau of Justice Assist-ance and in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.055 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7334 December 7, 2016 
‘‘(1) shall award competitive grants to health care agencies, State and local law en-forcement agencies, or public safety agencies and nonprofit organizations to assist such entities in planning, designing, establishing, or operating locally based, proactive pro-grams to prevent wandering and locate miss-ing individuals with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or developmental disabilities, such as autism, who, due to their condition, wander from safe environ-ments, including programs that— ‘‘(A) provide prevention and response infor-mation, including online training resources, and referrals to families or guardians of such individuals who, due to their condition, wan-der from a safe environment; ‘‘(B) provide education and training, in-cluding online training resources, to first re-sponders, school personnel, clinicians, and the public in order to— ‘‘(i) increase the safety and reduce the inci-dence of wandering of persons, who, due to their dementia or developmental disabilities, may wander from safe environments; ‘‘(ii) facilitate the rescue and recovery of individuals who, due to their dementia or de-velopmental disabilities, wander from safe environments; and ‘‘(iii) recognize and respond to and appro-priately interact with endangered missing individuals with dementia or developmental disabilities who, due to their condition, wan-der from safe environments; ‘‘(C) provide prevention and response train-ing and emergency protocols for school ad-ministrators, staff, and families or guardians of individuals with dementia, such as Alz-heimer’s Disease, or developmental disabil-ities, such as autism, to help reduce the risk of wandering by such individuals; and ‘‘(D) develop, operate, or enhance a notifi-cation or communications systems for alerts, advisories, or dissemination of other information for the recovery of missing indi-viduals with forms of dementia, such as Alz-heimer’s Disease, or with developmental dis-abilities, such as autism; and ‘‘(2) shall award grants to health care agencies, State and local law enforcement agencies, or public safety agencies to assist such agencies in designing, establishing, and operating locative tracking technology pro-grams for individuals with forms of demen-tia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or children with developmental disabilities, such as au-tism, who have wandered from safe environ-ments.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘competitive’’ after ‘‘to receive a’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘agency or’’ before ‘‘orga-nization’’ each place it appears; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Attorney General shall periodically so-licit applications for grants under this sec-tion by publishing a request for applications in the Federal Register and by posting such a request on the website of the Department of Justice.’’; and (4) by striking subsections (c) and (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) P
REFERENCE .—In awarding grants under subsection (a)(1), the Attorney General shall give preference to law enforcement or public safety agencies that partner with non-profit organizations that appropriately use person-centered plans minimizing restrictive interventions and that have a direct link to individuals, and families of individuals, with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Dis-ease, or developmental disabilities, such as autism. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. ‘‘(e) GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following ac-countability provisions: ‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. ‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12- month period described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section. ‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is awarded grant funds under this section dur-ing the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. ‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF NONPROFIT ORGANIZA -
TION.—For purposes of this paragraph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organiza-tion that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is ex-empt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General may not award a grant under this part to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-zation that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attor-ney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. ‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-able to the Department of Justice under this section may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or depart-ment, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. ‘‘(B) WRITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— ‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; ‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and ‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and ‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. ‘‘(f) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded by the Attorney Gen-eral to determine if grant awards are or have been awarded for a similar purpose. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards grants to the same applicant for a similar purpose the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a list of all such grants awarded, in-cluding the total dollar amount of any such grants awarded; and ‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General awarded multiple grants to the same appli-cant for a similar purpose.’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act and every year thereafter, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives a report on the Missing Americans Alert Pro-gram, as amended by subsection (a), which shall address— (1) the number of individuals who bene-fitted from the Missing Americans Alert Pro-gram, including information such as the number of individuals with reduced unsafe wandering, the number of people who were trained through the program, and the esti-mated number of people who were impacted by the program; (2) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that applied for funding under the Missing Americans Alert Program; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.057 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7335 December 7, 2016 
(3) the number of State, local, and tribal local law enforcement or public safety agen-cies that received funding under the Missing Americans Alert Program, including— (A) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that used such funding for training; and (B) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that used such funding for designing, estab-lishing, or operating locative tracking tech-nology; (4) the companies, including the location (city and State) of the headquarters and local offices of each company, for which their locative tracking technology was used by State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies; (5) the nonprofit organizations, including the location (city and State) of the head-quarters and local offices of each organiza-tion, that State, local, and tribal law en-forcement or public safety agencies partnered with and the result of each part-nership; (6) the number of missing children with au-tism or another developmental disability with wandering tendencies or adults with Alzheimer’s being served by the program who went missing and the result of the search for each such individual; and (7) any recommendations for improving the Missing Americans Alert Program. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 2 of the Violent Crime Con-trol and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 is amended by striking the item relating to section 240001 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 240001. Missing Americans Alert Pro-gram.’’. TITLE II—EDUCATION AND OUTREACH 
SEC. 201. ACTIVITIES BY THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR MISSING AND EXPLOITED CHIL-DREN. 
Section 404(b)(1)(H) of the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(H)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including cases involving children with developmental dis-abilities such as autism’’ before the semi-colon. TITLE III—PRIVACY PROTECTIONS 
SEC. 301. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
HILD.—The term ‘‘child’’ means an in-dividual who is less than 18 years of age. (2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)). (3) L
AW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY .—The term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means an agency of a State, unit of local government, or In-dian tribe that is authorized by law or by a government agency to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. (4) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (5) U
NIT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘unit of local government’’ means a county, municipality, town, township, village, par-ish, borough, or other unit of general govern-ment below the State level. (6) N
ON-INVASIVE AND NON -PERMANENT .— The term ‘‘non-invasive and non-permanent’’ means, with regard to any technology or de-vice, that the procedure to install the tech-nology or device does not create an external or internal marker or implant a device or other trackable items. 
SEC. 302. STANDARDS AND BEST PRACTICES FOR USE OF NON-INVASIVE AND NON- PERMANENT TRACKING DEVICES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and leading research, advocacy, self-advocacy, and service organizations, shall establish standards and best practices relating to the use of non-invasive and non-permanent tracking technology, where a guardian or parent, in consultation with the individual’s health care provider, has determined that a non-invasive and non-permanent tracking device is the least restrictive alternative, to locate individuals as described in subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the standards and best practices required under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall— (A) determine— (i) the criteria used to determine which in-dividuals would benefit from the use of a tracking device; (ii) the criteria used to determine who should have direct access to the tracking system; and (iii) which non-invasive and non-perma-nent types of tracking devices can be used in compliance with the standards and best prac-tices; and (B) establish standards and best practices the Attorney General determines are nec-essary to the administration of a tracking system, including procedures to— (i) safeguard the privacy of the data used by the tracking device such that— (I) access to the data is restricted to law enforcement and health agencies determined necessary by the Attorney General; and (II) collection, use, and retention of the data is solely for the purpose of preventing injury or death to the patient assigned the tracking device or caused by the patient as-signed the tracking device; (ii) establish criteria to determine whether use of the tracking device is the least re-strictive alternative in order to prevent risk of injury or death before issuing the tracking device, including the previous consideration of less restrictive alternatives; (iii) provide training for law enforcement agencies to recognize signs of abuse during interactions with applicants for tracking de-vices; (iv) protect the civil rights and liberties of the individuals who use tracking devices, in-cluding their rights under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; (v) establish a complaint and investigation process to address— (I) incidents of noncompliance by recipi-ents of grants under subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act, with the best practices established by the Attorney Gen-eral or other applicable law; and (II) use of a tracking device over the objec-tion of an individual; and (vi) determine the role that State agencies should have in the administration of a track-ing system. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The standards and best practices established pursuant to para-graph (1) shall take effect 90 days after publi-cation of such standards and practices by the Attorney General, unless Congress enacts a joint resolution disapproving of the stand-ards and practices. (b) R
EQUIRED COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each entity that receives a grant under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act, shall comply with any standards and best practices relating to the use of tracking devices established by the Attorney General in accordance with sub-section (a). (2) DETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall determine whether an entity that re-ceives a grant under subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act, acts in compli-ance with the requirement described in para-graph (1). (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF STANDARDS AND BEST P
RACTICES .—The standards and best prac-tices established by the Attorney General under subsection (a) shall apply only to the grant programs authorized under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act. (d) L
IMITATIONS ON PROGRAM .— (1) D
ATA STORAGE .—Any tracking data pro-vided by tracking devices issued under this program may not be used by a Federal entity to create a database. (2) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Nothing in this Act may be construed to require that a parent or guardian use a tracking device to monitor the location of a child or adult under that parent or guardian’s supervision if the parent or guardian does not believe that the use of such device is necessary or in the interest of the child or adult under su-pervision. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 401. NO FUNDS AUTHORIZED FOR BYRNE CRIMINAL JUSTICE INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
For fiscal year 2017, no funds are author-ized to be appropriated for an Edward Byrne Memorial criminal justice innovation pro-gram. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will con-trol 20 minutes. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I am inquiring whether anyone is in opposi-tion to the bill. If not, I would like to claim the time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would inquire if the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) is opposed to the bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas will control 20 min-utes in opposition to the bill. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 4919, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, it is estimated that 60 percent of the 5.3 million individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.057 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7336 December 7, 2016 
with Alzheimer’s disease and 49 percent of children with autism are susceptible to wandering or leaving safe areas and the protection of a responsible care-giver. The results of wandering can be devastating to individuals with Alz-heimer’s disease and children with de-velopmental disabilities. The legislation we are considering today is named in honor of two boys with autism who wandered away from their caregivers and tragically drowned. The special circumstances surrounding cases of wandering indi-viduals are circumstances that people in local communities such as first re-sponders and school personnel are often not specifically trained to handle. The cost to local communities for a search for a missing person is ex-tremely expensive, even in instances where the local law enforcement agen-cy is trained. That is why we are con-sidering Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016. It reauthorizes the Missing Alz-heimer’s Disease Patient Alert Pro-gram and broadens the program to pro-tect children with autism. This legislation authorizes DOJ to make grants to law enforcement agen-cies, public safety agencies, and non-profit organizations to provide edu-cational wandering prevention pro-gramming to families and caretakers of individuals who wander, as well as training to first responders and school personnel to facilitate rescue and re-covery. The bill also enables parents and caregivers to apply for voluntary, noninvasive tracking technology that can be used to help locate a person who has wandered away from the care and safety of his or her home. While these devices are already in widespread use, there are many families that simply can’t afford them. The result is often-times an expensive search borne by State and local enforcement agencies that all too frequently results in tragic consequences. We have worked hard to address the privacy concerns that some have raised about this bill. The updated language makes it explicitly clear that this is a completely voluntary program, that all tracking devices must be noninvasive, and that the Federal Government may not store location data related to the devices. Finally, we make it clear that such devices are only to be recommended where they are the least restrictive al-ternative. American communities are safer when they are equipped with the training to prevent tragedies from hap-pening. This legislation will assist communities in receiving valuable edu-cation on how to prevent individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and children with autism from wandering and to re-spond quickly and appropriately in cases in which they do. I urge all Mem-bers to support this important legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise, but I actually do so with a heavy heart. The level of re-spect I have for the people involved in this bill is really off the charts. These are wonderful people. I appreciate their mental clarity, their intellect, and their big hearts all involved in pushing this legislation in Congress. I can’t at-tribute motive outside Congress, but in Congress, I know it is with the best of intentions and best of hearts. When we start a Federal program, things that will be only temporary— things that were going to be only tem-porary come to mind like the income tax, and it was going to be small and temporary. Well, it is still going on, and it has gotten bigger. I have read the bill, and I want to thank the people involved. I have ultimate respect for both Chairman G
OODLATTE and my friend C
HRIS SMITH. I just couldn’t have stronger feelings for people. And my friend across the aisle, it would sur-prise some people, but we get along quite well, and I appreciate the care she has for people. Though there have been provisions added—there have been changes made to try to deal with some of the con-cerns that people like me have had—it is still a problem. If you look at page 21, the last page of the bill, it has this language added: ‘‘Voluntary participa-tion. Nothing in this Act may be con-strued to require that a parent or guardian use a tracking device to mon-itor the location of a child or adult under that parent or guardian’s super-vision if the parent or guardian does not believe the use of such device is necessary.’’ Frankly, I looked at making a provi-sion like that and asking that it be in the bill, and then I realized: Wait a minute. There are back doors. There are things the Attorney General could do that could satisfy the language we have for ‘‘voluntary.’’ Okay. No, the parent or guardian won’t have to do that or monitor that, but we have the system in place. It is a Federal system. So now we have the capability to monitor and track people so, you know, gee, this person is a problem. The definition of who could have this procedure or implement used is, as we are told, people with Alzheimer’s, peo-ple with autism, people who may wan-der off or, and the words are, a develop-mental disability. Well, developmental disability, that is a severe or chronic disability of an individual 5 years or older that is attributable to a mental or physical impairment or combination of those. And so then we get over into the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, and we have seen the evolution of the DSM through 1, 2, 3—major changes at 3—4, 5. Personality disorders like antisocial disorder were once called sociopath or psychopath, but there is an argument that they are a developmental disorder, and they are chronic for so many people. So then you begin to see, well, we don’t have a very tight definition of what a developmentally disabled per-son is, and we look to the bill, and of course in trying to make this bill broader so it would include autism and other developmental disabilities, we see, on page 2, in the section header, we want to make clear this isn’t just Alz-heimer’s disease patients so we insert the word ‘‘Americans,’’ which is a little broader than ‘‘Alzheimer’s disease pa-tient.’’ Again, that is in the header, so it is not necessarily language, and people like me that have had to review lan-guage as a judge or a chief justice and write opinions on what words mean, how they apply to these circumstances, I see where this goes. We will have a Federal tracking program, but it is only for people with Alzheimer’s or au-tism that wander off. Well, yeah, or de-velopmental disabilities, and that is pretty far reaching where we go with that. But it is just a mental health issue and it is a physical issue because we know—and I know this is what has driven my friend supporting this bill, we have had people wander off and be found dead. All of us have seen stories like that. The question is: Is it the job of the Federal Government to start a track-ing program? And since it is mental disease, obviously the person who would be in charge of such a wonderful program that would help us track peo-ple with Alzheimer’s, autism, or other developmental disability, it would be the Secretary of Health and Human Services. But wait. The bill gives the authority to the Attorney General of the United States. We are talking De-partment of Justice. It does say a couple of places the AG will get with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and collaborate, but ultimately these decisions are the decisions of the Attorney General. The Attorney General will make the call. The bill specifically says that the At-torney General will also, basically, make all the rules and regulations with regard to this tracking system. And then it also says that the Attorney General will formulate the ‘‘best prac-tices.’’ So maybe to me or someone in this body, developmental disability would mean one thing, and we do have definition in Federal law, but there, too, it is quite broad. I so much appreciate the insertion of the word ‘‘noninvasive’’ for the track-ing device or system, and nonperma-nent. Well, I know tattoos are non-permanent if you go through what I un-derstand is a pretty painful process. I had felony judge friends who would order people to have tattoos removed, so I guess you could say those were nonpermanent. But when you look at definitions of what noninvasive is—and I don’t find it in the bill. Perhaps it is somewhere in Federal law. But even then, you have the word ‘‘noninvasive’’ subject to interpretation. Whose inter-pretation? The Attorney General, the Department of Justice’s head, to make the determination of what is noninvasive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.109 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7337 December 7, 2016 
A definition in medicine, this or some similar are often used, that noninvasive would be a process that does not violate the integrity of the mucocutaneous barriers. Well, if you insert a chip just above the subcuta-neous barriers, would that be noninvasive? If you go a little bit under the subcutaneous barriers, would that be noninvasive? Well, there is only one way to find out, and that is once the Attorney General formulates the regulations and the best practices, then we find out what is actually noninvasive. There is a procedure, and this indi-cates the people who prepared this bill—and I am not being sarcastic. They were really trying to figure out a way to protect an overoppressive gov-ernment. You have to have a procedure of appeal, and the Attorney General will help set that up. If you have a complaint, you think something is not being done properly, well, the Attorney General is going to help create the rules that allow you to complain or ap-peal on that. b1815 Oh, and by the way, I never wanted to be in a football, basketball, or base-ball game—and I love all those sports and played them all—but I never want-ed to be in the game where the referee is the one that wrote the rules for our league, because they didn’t yield and their opinion was better than the rules on the page, no matter what the page said. So the Attorney General can tell us what he really meant or she really meant. Voluntary, I appreciate that part, but we have a Federal tracking system and it says here in the bill it is to pre-vent violence or injury or even death to one’s self, to the person, or injury to someone else. Now, why would this be a concern today, other than the fact that we have seen reports come out of the U.S. Com-mission on Civil Rights and the De-partment of Homeland Security who think that people who deny manmade climate change are committing, basi-cally, a law against nature. They are violating a law against nature. We see now where there are people who just put in your search engine reli-gious beliefs, mental disorders, and you will have all kinds of investigations come up. There are people in this gov-ernment, like those in the U.S. Com-mission on Civil Rights, that think that those who claim to be Christians and use code words like ‘religious lib-erty,’ that that is code for Islamophobia, homophobia, xeno-phobia, not understanding that a true Christian is basing their beliefs and their trust in Jesus Christ, who is love incarnate. Nonetheless, we have government of-ficials that think that religious beliefs are a problem, and that the even bigger problem is, if you are a veteran—that is what Homeland Security has said— and you believe in the strict interpre-tation of the words on the pages of the Constitution, that makes you a bigger threat. So when we are talking about terms that we have seen change over the years, we have seen the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual have massive change. Why? Sometimes it is because medicine, psychology, or psychiatry has made great discoveries and im-provements, and sometimes it is be-cause one group has a better lobbying group than others. Mr. Speaker, by the way, other good language here is that none of the money can be used for conferences that may cost more than $20,000, unless they do certain things. Another good provi-sion is that none of the money may be used to create a Federal database, but the money will be used for State, local, nonprofit organizations. I can’t find anything that says that we in the Federal Government cannot fund State and local databases of indi-viduals that have developmental dis-abilities such as they are too religious and, therefore, they are deemed to have a developmental disability, antisocial personalities. It is just too open and there are too many loopholes. I like the idea; and the more I thought about it, the more I read the language, the more I saw the open loopholes that could result in a Federal tracking system that George Orwell would have been embarrassed about. So, with brotherly and appeared ap-preciation for those pursuing this bill out of the best of intentions—just wanting to stop death and harm to one’s self because you have autism, Alzheimer’s—Mr. Speaker, I humbly submit this is a dangerous door for any government to open, a door that Orwell would have warned about. People told me, well, gee, there is ink that you can use in a tattoo that can be tracked. I don’t know. It is a door that we should not open at the Federal level to begin a program of tracking, no matter whether it is State or local officials that have the database and we get it and look at it or what. So I hope that the bill doesn’t pass and we can work together to find ways to help those who cannot help them-selves. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 17 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 4
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding and let me thank the spon-sor of this bill. Five minutes certainly will not be enough time to refute my good friend from Texas, but let me start by saying to my colleagues that this bill is about saving lives. Let me say it again. It is squarely, on its face, simply about sav-ing lives. I support this bipartisan measure be-cause it addresses an urgent need, one with which I have had firsthand experi-ence. As a Member of the United States Congress, I take great concern, as we all do, with the individual lives of our constituents. I have had at least two occasions to deal with missing adults whose families have been in pain. Those adults have been missing be-cause of dementia or Alzheimer’s. Out of their plight, we have sought law en-forcement to be of help to look for these loved ones. This bill would amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 to reauthorize and expand the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Pa-tient Alert Program. Across our Na-tion, there are millions of children who suffer from autism or mental develop-mental disorders, as well as individuals suffering from Alzheimer’s disease or other forms of dementia. What is the crux of this bill? A few years ago, Congresswoman WATERS and myself introduced amendments to the Elder Justice Act and Elder Abuse Vic-tims Act, which reauthorized and ex-panded the Missing Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Patient Alert Program’s key pro-visions. The Department of Justice program supports the use of new technologies to help local communities and law en-forcement officials quickly locate and identify people with Alzheimer’s dis-ease who wander or are missing and re-unite them with their families, pro-viding vital assistance to a vulnerable population. Again, Mr. Speaker, it is about sav-ing lives. We know, in 2016, one in nine older Americans have Alzheimer’s dis-ease; 6 in 10 people with dementia will wander. Alzheimer’s was the sixth lead-ing cause of death in 2013 in Texas alone. As it relates to children and autism, nearly half of the children with autism engage in wandering behavior. More than one-third of children with autism who wander are never or rarely able to communicate their name, address, or phone number. Accidental drowning ac-counts for approximately 90 percent of lethal outcomes as relate to children with autism who wander. Let me speak specifically to the leg-islation before us and answer the con-cerns. There is no evidence in this bill that any invasive activity will occur. No chip will be put in an adult or a child who is suffering either from au-tism as a child—a wanderer—or an adult. It clearly says that this is a collabo-ration between the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, who will only focus on leading research advocacy, self-ad-vocacy, and service organizations to help establish standards and best prac-tices relating to the use of noninvasive, nonpermanent tracking technology where the guardian or parent, in con-sultation with the individual’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.110 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7338 December 7, 2016 
healthcare provider, has determined that a noninvasive and nonpermanent tracking device is the least restrictive alternative to locate individuals. Noth-ing will occur, Mr. Speaker, to any loved ones without the permission of that loved one’s guardian or parent, and it is only to be able to save lives. The Attorney General and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services will have no further input, other than to make sure that whatever is utilized is noninvasive, best practices, and will do no harm. What is the role of the Federal Gov-ernment? It is to solve problems. We are attempting to come here today for the loved ones all over America. Meet the family of an autistic child—a lov-ing child, a loving family. They know that is a talented and wonderful, beau-tiful child, but they have a tendency to wander. Come, for example, and stand in the shoes of a family in Houston, Texas. During a wonderful holiday season, the Thanksgiving season, a time of joy and family gathering, a beautiful little 9- year-old boy walked out of the house. They said he may have his iPad with him, he may have his earphones, he might not have any shoes on, but don’t call his name, don’t bother to chase him, because the likelihood is he will run away from you. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an additional 1 minute. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Just think, if there had been that acceptable track-ing device, noninvasive. Mr. Speaker, I am as concerned about privacy as my good friend from Texas. We have sat on the Judiciary Com-mittee together and we have supported, first, when we were dealing with the issues of terrorism after 9/11, the PA-TRIOT Act. We came together. We were standing strong against the invasiveness that violates the privacy of the American people and violates the Constitution. This is not that case. There are families out there who are suffering the loss of their loved ones, whether it is an elderly person or whether it is that beautiful, young child who happens to be autistic, who is in a world of their own and who de-cided to wander. Just think of the won-derful device that would help save lives. I ask my colleagues to vote on this bill as a lifesaving bill that needs the love and affection of every Member of Congress to give love and affection to those families that are suffering and need our help. We are problem solvers. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4919, the ‘‘Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016,’’ as amended. I support this bipartisan measure because it addresses an urgent need. The bill would amend the Violent Crime Control and Law En-forcement Act of 1994 to reauthorize and ex-pand the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program. Across our Nation, there are millions of chil-dren who suffer from autism or mental devel-opmental disorders as well as individuals suf-fering from Alzheimer’s disease or other forms of dementia. These children and adults are often at seri-ous risk of injury or even death when they wander away from their caregivers. In many cases, they are disoriented and unable to seek help for themselves. They may not even remember their name or where they live. Worse yet, they can be seriously injured or worse. This bill, in fact, is named for two young boys—Kevin and Avonte—who died tragically after wandering away from their caregivers. To address this problem, H.R. 4919 would significantly improve the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program in several sig-nificant respects. First, the bill would expand the scope of the Program to authorize grants to locally based organizations to fund initiatives, activities, and services related to children with autism and developmental disabilities. Second, the bill would authorize grants for the development and operation of location tracking services in appropriate circumstances. H.R. 4919 also expands the grant program authorized by the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act specifically for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to provide technical assistance and training in cases in-volving children with developmental disorders. Although H.R. 4919 expands the existing grant system and renames it as the Missing Americans Alert Program, the central purpose of the Program will remain the same. Grants would continue to be provided to the many agencies and organizations that protect and locate missing individuals suffering from disorders that result in wandering with the goal of reducing incidences of wandering and the resultant risk of injury and death. To ensure these efforts are done effectively, prevent abuse with respect to any use of tracking technology, and protect privacy inter-ests, the bill establishes standards and best practices. While H.R. 4919 will help address an impor-tant issue, I am concerned that the suspen-sion version of the bill will reduces the author-ization for funding for another grant program in order to satisfy the ‘‘cut-go’’ requirements of the Majority. I do not see the need to reduce the author-ization for one good program to fund another, and I hope we will be able to address this issue as we work with the Senate on final leg-islation for enactment. Nevertheless, H.R. 4919 overall is an impor-tant measure that will provide real assistance to those who are among the most vulnerable in our society. As this Congress comes to a close, I am pleased that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have worked together in a spirit of compromise to address a critical issue that un-fortunately affects so many Americans. It is my hope that this spirit of cooperation will continue into the next Congress, particu-larly in the area of criminal justice reform. I am pleased to support H.R. 4919 because this bill would reauthorize and expand the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Pro-gram and authorize grants to establish and operate programs that provide location track-ing services for children with autism or other developmental and adults with Alzheimer’s or dementia—something I have long advocated for and worked to make law. Thousands of adults and children go miss-ing each year. While we must be concerned for all individ-uals who go missing, adults and children, with mental deficiencies or disabilities, require more particularized consideration due to their vulnerability. Adults who suffer from Alzheimer’s or de-mentia and children with autism spectrum dis-orders, or other developmental disorders, are prone to wander away from safe places. A study published this year by researchers at Cohen Children’s Medical Center of New York reported that more than 250,000 school- age children with autism or other develop-mental disorders wander away from adult su-pervision each year. The National Crime Information Center re-ported that, between 2011 and 2015, roughly 16–17 percent of adults reported missing suf-fered from a mental or physical disability or senility. When these individuals wander away, they are oftentimes at great risk of serious injury or even death. This bill is named for two children who wan-dered away and drowned. Sadly, each one of us has a similar story about a constituent. I have pushed so hard for this type of legis-lation so that we do not have to tell more sto-ries like the one of Mr. Sammy Kirk, a native of Houston, whose family called me for help in locating him. Mr. Kirk was 76 years old and suffered from dementia when he wandered away. His family searched for him for days to no avail. In their desperation, they called on me to lend my services to them to help find him. We searched together for Mr. Kirk for three days and nights. When we found him, he had succumbed to dehydration. His body lay alongside a bayou, many miles away from his home. I have advocated for so long, along with my colleague, Rep. M
AXINE WATERS , in attempting to establish a pilot program during the 109th and 110th Congresses to provide voluntary electronic monitoring services to elderly indi-viduals to assist in locating such individuals when they are reported missing. Mr. Kirk and many others might have been saved if such a program already existed. The need for individual location tracking is just as critical as it was in 2008, when I and Congresswoman W
ATERS offered amendments to several bills providing for such programs, including the Elder Justice Act and the Elder Abuse Victims Act. I am pleased that the key provisions of the Jackson Lee-Waters Amendments have been incorporated into the bill before us today. More than 5 million Americans suffer from Alzheimer’s disease and 1 in 68 children has an autism spectrum disorder. Almost half of wandering Alzheimer’s pa-tients will be seriously injured or die if they are not found within 24 hours of their departure. Like their older counterparts, almost half of autistic children are expected to wander away from their caregivers. Several studies predict that many of these children will be at risk of drowning or sus-taining a traffic injury. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.112 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7339 December 7, 2016 
The number of citizens suffering from Alz-heimer’s, dementia, autism, or developmental disorders is expected to grow rapidly and ex-ponentially. The time has come for us to offer all that we have available to prevent any more stories like that of Kevin Curtis Wills, or Avonte Oquendo, Mr. Sammy Kirk, or just as recently as this Thanksgiving holiday, Marcus McGhee. Let us focus our efforts on assisting state and local governments in the development of alert systems and technology to protect some of our most vulnerable constituents and locate them, if the time ever comes. This bill would provide for a host of entities and measures that work together to protect, locate, and recover loved ones, including edu-cation and training. This bill would also expand the grants that can be awarded to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to provide technical assistance and training in the pre-vention, investigation, prosecution, and treat-ment of cases to also include children with de-velopmental disabilities. Mr. Speaker, I am glad to see this bill be-fore us today. It is a good piece of legislation that re-sponds to a need that has reached a tipping point. I am concerned about the cutting of funds for the Byrne Innovation program for 2017, however the Continuing Resolution will provide funding until April 2017. 
CHILDREN WITH AUTISM FACT SHEET  Autism is one of the fastest-growing devel-opmental disorders in the U.S. Nearly half of children with autism engage in wandering behavior. More than 1/3 of children with autism who wander are never or rarely able to commu-nicate their name, address or phone number. Accidental drowning accounts for approxi-mately 90% of lethal outcomes among chil-dren with autism who wander. Other dangers include dehydration; heat stroke; hypothermia; traffic injuries; falls; physical restraint encounters with a strang-er. After intellectual disabilities, autism is the most common developmental disorder. A white child with autism is almost 3 times more likely to receive an accurate di-agnosis of autism on their first visit to a spe-cialist, than a black child. Children diagnosed as early as 18 months to 3 years have the benefit of preschool intervention programs in their most forma-tive years. The average African-American child with autism is not diagnosed until they are 5 years old. Recently, the Centers for Disease Control released a 2016 report, announcing an in-crease in autism from one child in 88 to one in 42. Autism costs a family $60,000 a year on av-erage. Boys are nearly five times more likely than girls to have autism. Half of families report they have never re-ceived advice or guidance about elopement from a professional. 
AMERICANS WITH ALZHEIMER ’S FACT SHEET  In 2016, 1 in 9 older Americans had Alz-heimer’s disease. 6 in 10 people with dementia will wander. Alzheimer’s was the 6th leading cause of death in 2013 in Texas. Of the 5.4 million Americans with Alz-heimer’s, an estimated 5.2 million people are age 65 and older, and approximately 200,000 individuals are under age 65 (younger-onset Alzheimer’s). Almost 2/3 of Americans with Alzheimer’s were women in 2014. Among people age 70, 61% of those with Alzheimer’s are expected to die before the age of 80 compared with 30% of people with Alzheimer’s—a rate twice as high. In 2015, 15.9 million family and friends pro-vided 18.1 billion hours of unpaid care to those with Alzheimer’s and other demen-tias—an estimated $221.3 billion. In 2016, Alzheimer’s and other dementias will cost the nation $236 billion. Studies have shown that early diagnosis and the creation of a stimulating and sup-portive environment can be beneficial in slowing the progression of Alzheimer’s. In addition to looking for a cure, research-ers are focusing more and more on sup-porting the caregivers who spend upwards of 13 hours a day caring for loved ones. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), the chief spon-sor of this legislation. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. G
OODLATTE , for his enormous efforts and those of his staff to, out of an abundance of cau-tion, address some of the issues that were raised by my friend from Texas. I don’t think some of his concerns were included or at risk in the bill, but we clarified and made very clear about voluntary participation and the issue of noninvasiveness and nonpermanent, which is now clearly defined in the leg-islation. So it is an improvement. Mr. G
OODLATTE was the one who came up with that language. The language that deals with the collection, use, and re-tention of data is solely for the purpose of preventing injury or death to the pa-tient. Mr. Speaker, in the year 2000, I co-founded two caucuses: the Autism Cau-cus and the Alzheimer’s Caucus. I wrote three laws on autism, including the most recent Autism CARES Act, which not only provides $1.3 billion for autism and research at NIH, CDC, and HRSA, but also looks at the aging out issue. Law enforcement is not ready to deal with severely autistic children who, when you approach them, need a cer-tain approach so that they don’t react violently, especially if they have a sense of threat. As my good friend and colleague from Virginia, the distinguished chairman said, about 50 percent of autistic chil-dren wander. We know at least 100 chil-dren since 2011 have died. The bill is named after two of them who drowned. b1830 A benign tracking device that is noninvasive, there is no collection or use other than for the prevention of in-jury or death, and, of course, there is no national storage. If you ask, I say to my colleagues, your local sheriffs, your law enforcement about the lifesaving program, some have it, some don’t. Within about one-half hour of an Alz-heimer’s patient or an autistic patient being lost, wandering, they find them. Those who are not found in 24 hours, not only have got a 50 percent chance of getting hurt themselves, but can hurt other people. About 60 percent of the Alzheimer’s community wander at some point. This is a way of protecting and preventing injury. I say to my colleague, my good friend from Texas, he is reading into the things that are not there. One of the groups put out an alert suggesting a vote against this and hadn’t even read the clarifications out of an abundance of caution, again, put in there by Mr. GOODLATTE . So I would hope that Members would support this. This will save lives. And we are not reinventing the wheel. The Alzheimer’s program was in effect without any parade of horribles occur-ring as a result. I check with Alzheimer’s patients all the time, Alzheimer’s Association and, of course, Autism Speaks, and others who are all for this. They want this desperately because wandering is a se-rious problem. We want to get our loved ones, find our loved ones who have developmental disabilities or have Alzheimer’s, and make sure they get back to a safe and secure environment as quickly as pos-sible. That is all this does. So I urge my colleagues to support it. I, again, thank the chairman. I thank Mr. C
ONYERS and others. This is a bi-partisan bill. Senators G
RASSLEY and S
CHUMER sponsored it on the Senate side, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS —it is the left, right, middle, everybody in be-tween. This is about helping people who are at grave risk when they wan-der. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers other than my-self, and I believe I have the right to close, so I will reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I will not bow to anyone who may think they have greater love or care or commitment to people who suffer from dementia or other developmental dis-abilities. I have spent an awful lot of time with people I love. But let me just tell you, Mr. Speak-er—let me finish that. The people I love, I don’t know if they knew where they were. I have spent time with fam-ily and people I love who struggle with these very issues. I know there is a danger of death. There is a danger of injury. Whether Franklin said it or not, those who will give up a little liberty to get security deserve neither. Who-ever said it, I think it was Franklin, some say it wasn’t, but it is true. We are told, this is strictly for all those people out there that have autis-tic kids or people with developmental disability. Well, they haven’t used—no-body here has used developmental dis-ability but me. But the truth is, the reason I heard about this bill, my staff tells me, is we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.060 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7340 December 7, 2016 
just got a call from someone who has an autistic child, and they are scared to death that the Federal Government is going to start a tracking program for kids with autism. And yeah, they will provision in here that it is supposed to be voluntary, but once you have the system in place—I can guarantee you, I have seen pro-grams like this get started. And when I am a judge and law officers come in and say, this person is a threat, they swear to it, the evidence is in the affi-davit then, yes, I will give them a war-rant to go use whatever they say they believe will be the best way to handle the situation. Once it is in place, it is going to be used by more than parents; you can count on it. And if you look at Page 17: The Attorney General shall determine the criteria. The Attorney General shall determine the criteria for deter-mining who should have direct access to the tracking system and determine what is noninvasive, what is nonperma-nent. The Attorney General shall make sure that the tracking device access to data is restricted to law enforcement and health agencies, but whoever the Attorney General determines. I am telling you, this is opening Pan-dora’s box. And as a parent said to us, we can track our child using our own resources. And if we don’t have the re-sources, there are charities that will help us. Please don’t let the govern-ment start a tracking program because people in this room could end up being on the list of people who end up having developmental disabilities; and they are a threat, as Homeland Security says, so many of our veterans and our constitutionalists are today. This is about using resources that people have, and if they don’t then let’s use charitable money so that the gov-ernment doesn’t invade our privacy any more than it already has, already does. I care about the injuries. I have de-voted so much of my life to punishing those who violate people’s space; that harm others; that kill others. I have not backed away from that commit-ment. But the government’s job is not to be a dictator or to be a big brother. We never do that well. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my good friend from Texas, and he is my good friend from Texas, that I know that he loves people with developmental dis-abilities, people with Alzheimer’s, fam-ilies that face the challenge of autism, and I know that his heart is in the right place. But I also know that we have just an honest difference of opin-ion about what we are doing here and the best way to save the lives of people when they are lost. I know in my community of Roa-noke, Virginia, that we have people, both with Alzheimer’s and with au-tism, who wander off. Sometimes fami-lies are able to provide other means of keeping them safe, and sometimes they are not. But I would argue to you that a tracking device that is not federally administered, that does not have data that is stored by the Federal Govern-ment, that is simply a program that al-ready exists and is simply being changed to allow it to apply to families with autistic members of the family who want to voluntarily participate in this, and is something that not only saves lives but also creates more free-dom, not more government surveil-lance or more government intervention in people’s lives, as the gentleman is concerned about, but actually more freedom, more freedom so that people can move about a little more freely, and others can know, family members can know where they are. I think that this is an important change in this law that is going to make life better for families and give them peace of mind, more freedom of movement, and the ability to find them if they do wander off, as has happened so often, as happened in the case of Kevin and Avonte, the children for whom this legislation is named. I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey for his hard work over a long period of time on this. I think the Judiciary Committee has done good work to improve this. I want to thank the ranking member. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas. I want to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle for their hard work to make this bill, a good bill, even better. To address the concerns raised by the gentleman from Texas, again, this is voluntary. We are not starting a pro-gram. It already exists. And the authority of the Attorney General, in conjunction with the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices, because it is primarily a training and education program to State and local law enforcement, so that when first responders and law enforcement personnel and so on are called to look for someone whose life is endangered, as it happens every day, unfortunately, somewhere in this great country, they will have a new, good, noninvasive tool to help protect the lives of the inno-cent, the lives of those who don’t know where they might be headed or where they might be and, therefore, can help families find them, help first respond-ers find them, bring them back to safe-ty, save their lives. That is what this bill is about. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4919, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
PROMOTING TRAVEL, COMMERCE, AND NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6431) to ensure United States jurisdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border se-curity initiatives. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6431 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. JURISDICTION OVER OFFENSES COM-MITTED BY CERTAIN UNITED STATES PERSONNEL STATIONED IN CANADA. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 212A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the chapter heading, by striking ‘‘TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS’’; and (2) by adding after section 3272 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 3273. Offenses committed by certain United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whoever, while em-ployed by the Department of Homeland Se-curity or the Department of Justice and sta-tioned or deployed in Canada pursuant to a treaty, executive agreement, or bilateral memorandum in furtherance of a border se-curity initiative, engages in conduct (or con-spires or attempts to engage in conduct) in Canada that would constitute an offense for which a person may be prosecuted in a court of the United States had the conduct been engaged in within the United States or with-in the special maritime and territorial juris-diction of the United States shall be fined or imprisoned, or both, as provided for that of-fense. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘employed by the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Justice’ means— ‘‘(1) being employed as a civilian employee, a contractor (including a subcontractor at any tier), or an employee of a contractor (or a subcontractor at any tier) of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security or the Depart-ment of Justice; ‘‘(2) being present or residing in Canada in connection with such employment; and ‘‘(3) not being a national of or ordinarily resident in Canada.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the table of chapters, by striking the item relating to chapter 212A and inserting the following: ‘‘212A. Extraterritorial jurisdiction over certain offenses .................... 3271’’; and (2) in the table of sections for chapter 212A, by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 3272 the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.114 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7341 December 7, 2016 
‘‘3273. Offenses committed by certain United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives.’’. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to infringe upon or otherwise affect the exercise of prosecu-torial discretion by the Department of Jus-tice in implementing this section and the amendments made by this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 6431, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Today we consider on suspension H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Com-merce, and National Security Act of 2016. The bill’s origin stems from an international agreement entered into between Canada and the United States in March 2015, known as the agreement on Land, Rail, Marine, and Air Trans-port Preclearance. This agreement es-tablished an immigration and trade preclearance system to strengthen eco-nomic competitiveness and national se-curity. Preclearance facilities permit trav-elers to pass through U.S. Customs and Border Protection inspections at a par-ticular foreign port prior to entering the United States. This process expe-dites a traveler’s arrival in the U.S., while also protecting national security by preventing from entry those individ-uals deemed a threat. CBP officers currently conduct preclearance operations at airports around the world, including various Ca-nadian airports, marine ports, and a rail station in British Columbia. H.R. 6431 helps implement the fore-going agreement by ensuring that U.S. Government personnel who are sta-tioned in Canada, particularly CBP preclearance officers, may be held ac-countable in U.S. courts if they com-mit a crime while performing their of-ficial duties, assuming their actions would constitute a crime, if committed in the United States. Strengthening our Nation’s relation-ship with our northern neighbor is im-portant for both our economy and na-tional security. H.R. 6431 helps pave the way for increased cooperation with Canada to spur economic growth here at home and prevent those who shouldn’t be coming to the United States from arriving in the first place. I want to thank Representatives KUSTER and S TEFANIK for their work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, my first order of busi-ness is to thank Congresswoman K
USTER for her leadership on this legis-lation; and then to make mention of a bill just an hour or two ago that bears mentioning, that I want to take note of the importance of its passage, and that is S. 1632. In the House it was H.R. 3833. The Senate bill has now passed, a bill to require a regional strategy to ad-dress the threat posed by Boko Haram. b1845 As I begin to discuss this bill, the issue of security is on all of our minds, certainly the tragedy of the Boko Haram onslaught in Nigeria, the miss-ing Chibok girls should be on our mind, and this bill that I just mentioned that was passed and supported by Congress-woman W
ILSON of Florida will be a very, very important initiative, one of which I cosponsored and will continue to work on this issue. Now I rise in strong support of H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016. The bill would establish U.S. criminal juris-diction over offenses committed by Federal employees conducting border security duties in Canada. In so doing, H.R. 6431 will strengthen our national security as well as promote the safe and efficient flow of travelers and goods between the United States and Canada, one of the United States’ strongest allies. In addition, it will facilitate the ex-pansion of the U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection preclearance facilities in Canada, which is our Nation’s larg-est trading partner. Each day, our countries trade billions of dollars of goods, services, and stock investments. Annually this relationship generates in excess of $1.4 trillion in value. This partnership also creates millions of jobs for both Canadians and Americans. To protect this incredibly important relationship, the Beyond the Border agreement between the United States and Canada created a plan to enhance national security and promote efficient travel and trade. This agreement is intended to facili-tate the expansion of U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance facili-ties in Canada, which prevents inad-missible people and items from enter-ing the United States before they reach a U.S. entry point. The United States, as a result of this agreement, saves millions of dollars in processing costs, and our national se-curity is strengthened because poten-tial threats are stopped before they ac-cess U.S. soil. In addition, preclearance facilities help alleviate congestion for millions of travelers and traders arriving at U.S. airports from Canada. That is a very, very important aspect of this leg-islation, along with its very strong se-curity commitment. The expansion will include rail preclearance facilities for the first time, thereby creating an-other safe and efficient way to travel between each country. This bill is in-tended to resolve a final procedural im-pediment to the full expansion of the preclearance facilities in Canada by en-suring that U.S. personnel who work at these facilities are held accountable under U.S. law. Again, I thank my good friend, Con-gresswoman KUSTER . Her leadership is one that we are greatly appreciative of. I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 6431. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6431, the ‘‘Promoting Travel, Commerce, and Na-tional Security Act of 2016.’’ This bill would establish U.S. criminal juris-diction over offenses committed by federal employees conducting border security duties in Canada. In so doing, H.R. 6431 will strengthen our national security as well as promote the safe and efficient flow of travelers and goods be-tween the United States and Canada. In addition, it will facilitate the expansion of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection pre- clearance facilities in Canada, which is our Nation’s largest trading partner. Each day, our countries trade billions of dol-lars of goods, services and stock investments. Annually, this relationship generates in excess of $1.4 trillion in value. And, this partnership also creates millions of jobs for both Cana-dians and Americans. To protect this incredibly important relation-ship, the ‘‘Beyond the Border Agreement’’ be-tween the United States and Canada created a plan to enhance national security and pro-mote efficient travel and trade. This Agreement is intended to facilitate the expansion of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection pre-clearance facilities in Canada, which prevents inadmissible people and items from entering the United States before they reach a U.S. entry point. The United States, as a result of this Agree-ment, saves millions of dollars in processing costs and our national security is strengthened because potential threats are stopped before they access U.S. soil. In addition, pre-clearance facilities help al-leviate congestion for millions of travelers and traders arriving at U.S. airports from Canada. And, the expansion will include rail pre-clear-ance facilities for the first time, thereby cre-ating another safe and efficient way to travel between each country. This bill is intended to resolve a final proce-dural impediment to the full expansion of the preclearance facilities in Canada by ensuring that U.S. personnel who work at these facili-ties are held accountable under U.S. law. H.R. 6431 is an important bill that will ad-vance the interests of the United States. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this bill, which will allow the expansion of preclearance facilities in Canada and there-by enhance national security and promote trade and travel in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.062 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7342 December 7, 2016 
the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), who is one of the chief spon-sors of this legislation. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act. First I want to take a moment to thank my colleague, Congresswoman K
USTER , for all of her efforts on this important bill. As you can see, the need for preclearance and this bill stretches across party lines and across our great Nation. In my district and communities in northern New York, Canada is more than just a bordering nation. They are our neighbors, our friends, and our largest trading partner. Plattsburgh, a city in my district, has even branded itself as Montreal’s U.S. suburb, home to more than 100 U.S. subsidiaries of Canadian companies with 15 percent of our area workforce working for a Cana-dian or border-related employer. That is why I helped lead the efforts to craft H.R. 6431, the Promoting Trav-el, Commerce, and National Security Act—a necessary step to solidify the preclearance agreement between the U.S. and Canada, which was reached over a year ago. This significant, bipartisan legisla-tion is great news for U.S.-Canadian re-lations. It maintains a positive work-ing relationship with border officials, especially in rural regions like ours in the north country, and it allows for fa-cility sharing along the border. This bill also expands U.S. preclearance op-erations to help provide expedited screening for Amtrak passengers prior to traveling. This process will allow for an easier and accelerated trip while en-suring necessary protections for our national security. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this vital leg-islation to maintain a secure northern border and facilitate travel and com-merce between the U.S. and Canada. I urge the Senate to act quickly to send this measure to the President. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ), who is the author of this legislation. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas, and I thank the chair, Mr. G
OODLATTE . Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Secu-rity Act of 2016. In my home State of New Hampshire, Granite Staters understand the special relationship that Americans have with Canada. For families in the north coun-try and my district, many of their rel-atives live just across the border in Quebec, and many of our businesses rely on cross-border trade to grow and expand their operations. According to the State Department, the United States and Canada share the single longest international border in the world and trade over $1.8 billion every day in goods and services, sup-porting millions of jobs in the U.S. Furthermore, approximately 380,000 people cross our border every day, and can do so safely because of the close co-ordination between U.S. and Canadian border security officials. Many of these travelers save time by utilizing preclearance facilities that are oper-ated by Customs and Border Protection officials at nine different Canadian air-ports. Preclearance has numerous security, travel, and trade benefits that present the United States and Canada with a win-win opportunity. First and fore-most, preclearance enhances our na-tional security efforts by detecting threats early before they reach U.S. soil. Because travelers go through cus-toms and border inspection prior to boarding their plane, preclearance can intercept inadmissible travelers before they reach the U.S. In fact, in 2014 alone, preclearance operations pre-vented more than 10,000 inadmissible travelers from coming to the United States, saving American taxpayers more than $20 million in detention, processing, and repatriation costs. Second, preclearance boosts cross- border trade by increasing foreign di-rect investment, creating new jobs and opening up high value tourism to re-gional markets in the United States. Third, preclearance improves the overall experience for travelers—par-ticularly those who travel frequently for work—by reducing wait times at border crossings. Because passengers undergo screening prior to travel, they are not subjected to long lines when they arrive in the United States. To build upon the existing benefits of preclearance, the United States and Canada signed a new, groundbreaking preclearance agreement in 2015 that will pave the pathway for the expan-sion of these facilities at land, rail, marine, and air ports of entry. This new agreement represents a 21st century approach to border security, but in order for the 2015 preclearance agreement to be finalized, we must pass legislation in both the United States Congress and the Canadian Par-liament, which is what brings us to the floor today. My bipartisan legislation, H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act, will finalize the 2015 preclearance agreement by ensur-ing that the United States has the legal authority to fairly hold CBP offi-cials accountable if they engage in wrongdoing abroad. Under the new preclearance agreement, the United States secured the right to prosecute U.S. officials if they commit crimes on the job while stationed in Canada. Our legislation gives the United States the ability to prosecute any cases of wrongdoing on our own soil and en-sures that we are holding all officials accountable. I am so proud of the bipartisan ef-forts to get this bill across the finish line. I thank my colleague, Congress-woman ELISE STEFANIK , for her tireless efforts to advance this critical piece of legislation. I would also thank the 23 bipartisan cosponsors who have cham-pioned this bill and supported our ef-forts to pass the bill before the close of the 114th Congress. I ask for immediate passage of the bill. I thank the chair and the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I will close at this time. It is my pleasure to indicate what an important bill H.R. 6431 is because it will advance the interests of the United States. I thank the two leading cospon-sors for their collaboration and for their leadership: the gentlewoman from New York and the gentlewoman from New Hampshire. I thank the gentle-women so very much for bringing this bill forward and working so hard on it to improve the relationships and the ability for travel and commerce be-tween Canada and the United States. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this bill, which will allow the expansion of preclearance facilities in Canada, thereby enhance national security and promote trade and travel in the United States. I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I would just like to say congratulations and good work to the gentlewoman from New York and the gentlewoman from New Hampshire. This is a good bill, and we should pass it right now. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6431, the ‘‘Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016.’’ The United States and Canada have en-joyed a long and fruitful trade relationship which has created millions of jobs and pumped trillions of dollars into both econo-mies. This bill protects and supports this relation-ship by taking the final step necessary to ex-pand the U.S. Customs and Border Protection pre-clearance facilities in Canada. It does this by establishing U.S. criminal ju-risdiction over offenses committed by federal employees conducting border security duties in Canada. Pre-clearance facilities help expedite travel between the United States and Canada by al-lowing the U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to inspect people before they leave Can-ada. This helps travelers avoid the backlog at our Nation’s airports. And helps stop potential threats to our national security before they reach the United States. Moreover, this joint effort each year saves the United States millions of dollars by repa-triating individuals and items that are not al-lowed in the United States. This bill, which is required for the expansion of pre-clearance operations in Canada, simply ensures that U.S. personnel who work at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.119 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7343 December 7, 2016 
these facilities are accountable under federal criminal law for their conduct. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 6431, which ensures a safer and more effi-cient trade relationship with Canada. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. S
TEFANIK ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6431. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EMMETT TILL UNSOLVED CIVIL RIGHTS CRIMES REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2854) to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2854 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. INVESTIGATION OF UNSOLVED CIVIL RIGHTS CRIMES. 
The Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007 (28 U.S.C. 509 note) is amended— (1) in section 2— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) meet regularly with eligible entities to coordinate the sharing of information and to discuss the status of the Department’s work under this Act; ‘‘(4) support the full accounting of all vic-tims whose deaths or disappearances were the result of racially motivated crimes; ‘‘(5) hold accountable under Federal and State law all individuals who were perpetra-tors of, or accomplices in, unsolved civil rights murders and such disappearances; ‘‘(6) express the condolences of the author-ity to the communities affected by unsolved civil rights murders, and to the families of the victims of such murders and such dis-appearances; ‘‘(7) keep families regularly informed about the status of the investigations of such murders and such disappearances of their loved ones; and ‘‘(8) expeditiously comply with requests for information received pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) and develop a singular, publicly accessible repository of these disclosed documents.’’; (2) in section 3— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘1969’’ and inserting ‘‘1979’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and eligi-ble entities’’; and (iii) by adding after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) REVIEW OF CLOSED CASES .—The Deputy Chief may, to the extent practicable, reopen and review any case involving a violation de-scribed in paragraph (1) that was closed prior to the date of the enactment of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthor-ization Act of 2016 without an in-person in-vestigation or review conducted by an officer or employee of the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice or by an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(4) P
UBLIC ENGAGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Department shall hold meetings with representatives of the Civil Rights Division, Federal Bureau of In-vestigation, the Community Relations Serv-ice, eligible entities, and where appropriate, state and local law enforcement to discuss the status of the Department’s work under this Act. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— In addition to amounts made available to carry out this Act under section 6, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Attor-ney General $1,500,000 for fiscal year 2017 and each of the next 10 subsequent fiscal years to carry out this paragraph.’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘1969’’ and inserting ‘‘1979’’; (II) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in subparagraph (G), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following: ‘‘(H) the number of cases referred by an eli-gible entity or a State or local law enforce-ment agency or prosecutor to the Depart-ment within the study period, the number of such cases that resulted in Federal charges being filed, the date the charges were filed, and if the Department declines to prosecute or participate in an investigation of a case so referred, the fact that it did so, and the out-reach, collaboration, and support for inves-tigations and prosecutions of violations of criminal civil rights statutes described in section 2(3), including murders and including disappearances described in section 2(4), within Federal, State, and local jurisdic-tions.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and a de-scription of the activities conducted under subsection (b)(3)’’; (3) in section 4(b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘1969’’ and inserting ‘‘1979’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and eligi-ble entities’’; (4) in section 5— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘1969’’ and inserting ‘‘1979’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2017 and each of the 10 subsequent fiscal years’’; and (5) in section 6— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017 and each of the 10 subsequent fiscal years’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘1969’’ and inserting ‘‘1979’’; and (B) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
OMMUNITY RELATIONS SERVICE OF THE  D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—Using funds appro-priated under section 3(b)(4)(B), the Commu-nity Relations Service of the Department of Justice shall provide technical assistance by bringing together law enforcement agencies and communities to address tensions raised by Civil Rights era crimes.’’; (6) in section 7— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘DEFINITION  
OF‘CRIMINAL CIVIL RIGHTS STATUTES ’’’ and in- serting ‘‘
DEFINITIONS ’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting the clauses ac-cordingly; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (6) as subparagraphs (A) through (F), respectively, and indenting the subpara-graphs accordingly; (D) by striking ‘‘In this Act, the term’’ and inserting: ‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) C
RIMINAL CIVIL RIGHTS STATUTES .—The term’’; and (E) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an organization whose pri-mary purpose is to promote civil rights, an institution of higher education, or another entity, determined by the Attorney General to be appropriate.’’; and (7) by striking section 8. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on S. 2854, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, this bill is an im-portant step in continuing to inves-tigate the crimes and terror inflicted on so many involved in the civil rights movement. This bill will help to right those past wrongs and help to find jus-tice for the families who lost loved ones in the civil rights effort. Specifically, this bill reauthorizes and updates the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act that was passed 10 years ago. It responds to con-cerns that victims’ families and those working in this area have had about the implementation of the original leg-islation. In doing so, it strengthens the collaboration between the FBI, the De-partment of Justice, and local law en-forcement to make sure that the goals of this legislation are met. By pro-viding clearer direction and improved coordination between all the relevant stakeholders, this bill will help to en-sure that these crimes will be solved and families who lost loved ones will be able to find justice. This legislation also addresses some of the concerns with the Senate-passed language by making sure that the bill is fully offset, that a sunset provision is included, and by providing greater clarity regarding the collaboration be-tween various stakeholders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.064 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7344 December 7, 2016 
Finally, I thank both Ranking Mem-bers C
ONYERS and L EWIS—civil rights leaders and icons on these issues—for working with Senator B
URR and other stakeholders to reach agreement on this bill, as well as for their tireless work on the underlying legislation. b1900 It is important that the Federal Gov-ernment investigates and prosecutes these crimes to the greatest extent possible, and this important legislation will give the Department of Justice the ability and the direction to do just that. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, in June of 2007, this body passed, and the President subse-quently signed, the Emmett Till Un-solved Civil Rights Crime Act. Since that time, the Department of Justice and cold case advocates have reviewed hundreds of cases in a search for jus-tice and a sense of closure for the fami-lies of those who fell victim to racial violence in one of the most tumultuous periods of this Nation’s history. For those who did not live through the civil rights era, it is difficult to un-derstand the combined climate of ex-citement for change that coexisted with one of fear and violence. Simply for acting on their ideals of racial equality, innocent people—young and old, Black and White—were struck down. In some cases, unfortunately, State and local law enforcement colluded with the perpetrators of anti-civil rights violence; and attempts at justice often proved to be a charade, ending with jury nullification or tampering by racist citizens’ councils. The civil rights community has re-ported that for every infamous killing that tore at the South in the 1950s and 1960s, there were many more that were barely noted or investigated. We, I am proud to say, passed the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act in 2007 to help bring these cases to light and seek justice for victims and their fami-lies. Even after nearly a decade of effort by advocates in the Justice Depart-ment, it remains clear that much work remains to heal the wounds of this pe-riod of history. To that end, the Em-mett Till Reauthorization Act will cre-ate a formal framework for public en-gagement between the Department of Justice and cold case advocates to share information and review the sta-tus and closure of cases through 1980. The legislation further authorizes ap-propriations and tasks the Depart-ment’s Community Relations Service with bringing together law enforce-ment agencies and communities to ad-dress the tensions raised by civil rights era crimes. The title of this bill serves as a re-minder of one of the many lives that was cut much too short as a result of racially motivated hate and violence. Emmett Till was a 14-year-old African American young man from Chicago who allegedly whistled at a White woman. Shortly thereafter, he was found murdered and tortured. Though his accused killers were tried, they were acquitted by an all White jury. Despite attempts at gain-ing a Federal indictment in the case, his torture and murder remain unpunished. While his family still grieves, they have channeled their sor-row into activism for those victims still seeking justice. I believe that it remains important that the perpetrators of civil rights era crimes be brought to justice, even 50 years later. While justice has been de-layed for the victims of these crimes, the fact that we are raising these cold cases breathes new life into our new justice system. I am thankful to the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Chairman G
OODLATTE . Ultimately, that commitment bodes well for our collective future and rec-onciliation within these communities. So I, accordingly, urge my colleagues to join those of us who are leading in this movement and effort and support this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I thank the dean of this institution. Anyone who has had the privilege of working with J
OHNCONYERS and J OHN L
EWIS have nothing but admiration and understanding through their teachings of the lives which they lived. This im-portant legislation is a reflection of their commitment to these families and their personal knowledge of the pain that so many families still now experience through unsolved civil rights crimes. Emmett Till was one of the most noteworthy and violent, and many of us still are able to see in our vision the picture of the open casket, of brutal-ized and beaten young Emmett Till, a 14-year-old boy, and what he had to suffer. His mother was willing to go through what might have been consid-ered absolute humiliation in terms of seeing her son’s body open to the world; but because it was such a hei-nous crime, she was willing for the world to see. This legislation is enormously impor-tant because it extends, until 2027, the authority of the Department of Justice to investigate and prosecute unsolved criminal civil rights cases and expands, by a decade, the time period for which the Department can reopen cases to in-vestigate. Under current law, the cut-off date was 1970. The Emmett Till Un-solved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007 remains necessary legislation intended to complete some of the Nation’s most important unfinished business. I will just say, in concluding, this legislation will have to be a document which the Members of Congress will have to breathe life into. We will have to insist, regardless of the changing of the guard at the Department of Jus-tice, that this section have the kind of funding that is necessary. So the task of this Congress is not finished by the authorization; it must be funded. Many families have come to my of-fice in deep pain needing more re-sources for that section, more lawyers, more energetic activity. And so I say to those who may be assigned to this at the Department of Justice, take this as a special cause. It is not just unsolved cold cases. It is a smear on the democ-racy of this Nation. It is a stain. It is a taint that we should live above by in-sisting that every family have justice for the murder of their loved ones, par-ticularly those who were in the battle of civil rights when many in this coun-try lived in the second-class shadow of racism and discrimination. The civil rights battles were real; they were violent in some instances; but thank God there were leaders like JOHN LEWIS, JOHN CONYERS , many in this Congress, and certainly the late Dr. Martin Luther King, who always believed, as I do, that we can do this through peace and nonviolence. This is a tool of nonviolence. We must insist that they do their task and that we solve these unsolved murderous civil rights cases, and we do so to heal the Nation and to continue to promote our democracy. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of House Amendment to S. 2854, the ‘‘Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthoriza-tion Act.’’ I thank our colleague, J
OHN LEWIS of Geor- gia, who is widely recognized as the moral conscience of the House for sponsoring the original legislation and I thank Chairmen G
OODLATTE and Ranking Member C ONYERS , for their work in shepherding this reauthoriza-tion through the Congress. This legislation reauthorizes the ‘‘Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act of 2007,’’ which I co-sponsored and strongly support when it was reported favorably by the Judici-ary Committee, passed by the House and Senate, and signed into law by President George W. Bush on October 7, 2008 as Public Law 110–344. The legislation before extends until 2027 the authority of the Department of Justice to in-vestigate and prosecute unsolved criminal civil rights crimes, and it expands by a decade the time period for which the department can re-open cases to investigate; under current law the cut-off date is 1970. The Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act of 2007 is and remains necessary legislation intended to complete some of the nation’s most important unfinished business. And that is to solve some of the most de-praved acts of violence against persons be-longing to a racial group that was vulnerable, politically powerless, and innocent, and against those persons who risked life and limb to help them secure the rights promised in the Declaration of Independence and made real in the Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.122 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7345 December 7, 2016 
Madam Speaker, in 1989, the Civil Rights Memorial was dedicated in Montgomery, Ala-bama, the birthplace of the modern Civil Rights Movement. The Memorial honors the lives and memo-ries of 40 martyrs who were slain during the movement from 1954 to 1968, including Em-mett Till. But we know that many more people lost their lives to racial violence during that era. In fact, at the time the Memorial was dedi-cated, the killers of 13 of the 40 martyrs whose names are inscribed on the Memorial had not been prosecuted or convicted. In 10 of the 40 deaths, defendants were ei-ther acquitted by all-white juries or served only token prison sentences. We also know there are many cases that still cry out for justice. These unsolved crimes represent a con-tinuing stain on our nation’s honor and mock its commitment to equal justice under law. The legislation before us is intended to help us remove that stain once and for all. The 40 victims selected for inclusion in the Civil Rights Memorial fit at least one of three criteria: (i) they were murdered because they were active in the civil rights movement; (2) they were killed by organized hate groups as acts of terror aimed at intimidating blacks and civil rights activists; or, (3) their deaths, like the death of Emmett Till, helped to galvanize the movement by demonstrating the brutality faced by African Americans in the South. The 40 persons who fit the selection criteria ranged in age from 11 to 66. Seven were white, and 33 were black. They were students, farmers, ministers, truck drivers, a homemaker and a Nobel lau-reate. But Madam Speaker, there are many, many other victims besides the 40 who are remem-bered on the Memorial. The Southern Poverty Law Center reports that its research uncovered approximately 75 other people who died violently between 1952 and 1968 under circumstances suggesting that they were victims of racial violence. For most of them the reason their names were not added to the Memorial is because not enough was known about the details sur-rounding their deaths. Sadly, the reason so little is known about these cases is because they were not fully in-vestigated or, in some cases, law enforcement officials were involved in the killings or subse-quent cover-ups. And because the killings of African Ameri-cans were often covered up or not seriously investigated, there is little reason to doubt that many slayings were never even recorded by the authorities. The reason justice had not been served was the callous indifference, and often the criminal collusion, of many white law enforcement offi-cials in the segregated South. There simply was no justice for African Americans during the civil rights era. The whole criminal justice system—from the police, to the prosecutors, to the juries, and to the judges—was perverted by racial bigotry. African Americans were routinely beaten, bombed and shot with impunity. Sometimes, the killers picked their victims on a whim. Sometimes, they targeted them for their ac-tivism. In other cases, prominent white citizens were involved and no consequences flowed. Herbert Lee of Liberty, Mississippi, for ex-ample, was shot in the head by a state legis-lator in broad daylight in 1961. It is, of course, fitting and proper that this legislation bears the name of Emmett Till, whose slaying in 1955 and his mother’s deci-sion to have an open casket at his funeral stirred the nation’s conscience and galvanized a generation of Americans to join the fight for equality. Sadly, hundreds of them were killed in that struggle, and many of the killers, like those of Emmett himself, were never successfully pros-ecuted. Madam Speaker, the heart of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Cases Act is sec-tions 3 and 4. Section 3 establishes a Deputy Chief of the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights Division. Section 3 now requires the Attorney General to designate a Deputy Chief of the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights division who will be responsible for coordinating the investigation and prosecution of violations of criminal civil rights statutes that occurred before December 31, 1979, and ended in death. Section 3 also requires a study and report to Congress about the number of cases opened, the number of federal prosecutions commenced, the number of cases of state and local prosecutions where the DOJ assisted, the number of cases that have been closed, and the number of open pending cases. Section 4 of the bill establishes a parallel component in the Civil Rights Unit of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation to be headed by a Supervisory Special Agent designated by the Attorney General. This Supervisory Special Agent in the Civil Rights Unit is responsible for investigating vio-lations of criminal civil rights statutes that oc-curred not later than December 31, 1979, and resulted in death. The Supervisory Special Agent should, where appropriate, coordinate investigations with State and local law enforcement officials. Madam Speaker, over the past half century, the United States has made tremendous progress in overcoming the badges and vestiges of slavery. But this progress has been purchased at great cost. Examples of unsolved cases include the 1968 ‘‘Orangeburg Massacre’’ at South Caro-lina State University where state police shot and killed three student protesters; the 1967 shooting death of Carrie Brumfield, whose body was found on a rural Louisiana road; the 1957 murder of Willie Joe Sanford, whose body was fished out of a creek in Hawkinsville, Georgia; the 1946 killing of a black couple, including a pregnant woman, who was pulled out of a car in Monroe, Geor-gia, and dragged down a wagon trail before being shot in front of 200 people. Solving these cases like these is part of the great unfinished work of America. Madam Speaker, 53 years ago, Medgar Evers was murdered in Jackson, Mississippi; justice would not be done in his case for more than twenty years. But that day was foretold because the evening before the death of Medgar Evers, on June 11, 1963, President John F. Kennedy addressed the nation from the Oval Office on the state of race relations and civil rights in America. In his historic speech to the nation President Kennedy said: We are confronted primarily with a moral issue. It is as old as the scriptures and is as clear as the American Constitution. One hundred years of delay have passed since President Lincoln freed the slaves, yet their heirs, their grandsons, are not fully free. They are not yet freed from the bonds of injustice. They are not yet freed from so-cial and economic oppression. And this Na-tion, for all its hopes and all its boasts, will not be fling free until all its citizens are free. 
S. 2854 will help ensure that justice is re-ceived by those for whom justice has been de-layed for more than two generations. In doing so, this legislation will help this Na-tion fulfill its hopes and justify its boast that in America all persons live in freedom. I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me in voting for its pas-sage. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume simply to say to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ), the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS), and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) that this is a quest for justice that needs to be ongoing. I am pleased to support this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to do so. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 2854, the Emmett Till Un-solved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act. This is the Senate companion to H.R. 5067, the bill I introduced with the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ). This has been a bipartisan, bicameral effort from the first day, and I ask each and every one of our colleagues to support this important legis-lation. Ten years ago, I stood on the House Floor and promised to work tirelessly to pass this legislation. Two years later, we were success-ful in passing the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act. That legislation created a Federal strategy to bring justice and healing to the victims, survivors, and families. When the bill was signed into law, family members, academics, historians, lawyers, ad-vocates started working towards a full ac-counting for these gross human and civil rights atrocities. The reauthorization that we are con-sidering today responds to the their appeals to Congress to make the law whole—to ensure that their thoughtful, tireless work did not fall on deaf ears and end up in a forgotten draw-er. So many people have died; so many fami-lies have mourned; so many communities have suffered. Mr. Speaker, as you know this bill is named for a 14-year-old boy who was brutally murdered 61 years ago for allegedly whistling at a white woman. Many people here tonight will recognize the names of Emmett Till, Medgar Evers, James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner, but few know of the countless other possible victims of racially motivated crimes during this period. This bill restores hope for the families of so many who have unanswered questions—like the Atlanta Five in my congressional district. In 1974, five African-American men—Lee Roy Holloway, Robert Walker, Marvin Walker, John Sterling and Lonnie Merritt—left Atlanta for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.066 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7346 December 7, 2016 
fishing trip near Pensacola Florida. Their fami-lies never saw them alive again. Their pain and that of so countless others is real. I said before, and I will say it again—we have a mission, an obligation, and a mandate to restore faith in the cornerstones of our de-mocracy and accountability in the pursuit of truth and justice whenever possible. This bill does just that. In developing this legislation, we took the time to research and study what happened after the original bill was signed into law. We listened to and were guided by the advocates, by law professors, by families, and by the press. We worked across the aisle and across the Dome to develop a bill that fulfills our promise to never give up on this effort—to never abandon the pursuit of truth. Madam Speaker, at this time, I would like to thank the Civil Rights and Restorative Justice Project at Northeastern University School of Law; the Cold Case Justice Initiative at Syra-cuse University College of Law; the Emmett Till Justice Campaign; the Emmett Till Legacy Foundation; the Georgia Civil Rights Cold Case Project at Emory University; the Leader-ship Conference on Civil Rights (LCCR); the Mamie Till Mobley Memorial Foundation; the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP); the NAACP-Legal Defense Fund (NAACP-LDF); the National Urban League; and the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC). The leadership and staff of these institutions fought long and hard for this legislation. They deserve recognition and ap-preciation. I would also like to thank the thousands of people across the country who signed peti-tions, called, emailed, and urged for Congress to act. Mr. Speaker, we must thank them for their determination, their passion, and their commitment to justice. In closing, I would like to thank the Chair, the Ranking Member, the lead sponsors, our House Leadership, the staff, and all the Mem-bers who supported this effort. I ask each and every one of my colleagues to support this im-portant legislation and let it become law. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2854, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF COMMITTEE ON TRANSPOR-TATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the chair of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, December 7, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : On December 7, 2016, pursuant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure met in open ses-sion to consider six resolutions included in the General Services Administration’s Cap-ital Investment and Leasing Programs. The Committee continues to work to re-duce the cost of federal property and leases. Of the six resolutions considered, the two construction projects include a federal courthouse consistent with existing funding, and the four lease prospectuses include sig-nificant reductions of leased space. In total, these resolutions represent $56 million in avoided lease costs and offsets. I have enclosed copies of the resolutions adopted by the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure on December 7, 2016. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. Enclosures. C
OMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
CONSTRUCTION —FBI HEADQUARTERS  
CONSOLIDATION NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, $834 million in appropriations are authorized for the site acquisition, design, management and inspection, and construction of a new federally-owned headquarters facility for the Federal Bureau of Investigation of not more than 2.1 million rentable square feet in the National Capital Region for the General Services Administration, for which a pro-spectus is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, the total funds made available through appropriations, including funds transferred to the ‘‘Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, Construction’’ account, do not ex-ceed $2.11 billion (excluding the value real-ized from the exchange of the J. Edgar Hoo-ver building, outfitting, and decommis-sioning costs). Provided further, the Administrator con-siders transportation impacts, including Na-tional Capital Planning Commission rec-ommendations on parking and proximity to metro rail. Provided further, the Administrator con-siders the total costs to the government for relocations, site preparation, and site acqui-sition. Provided further, that such appropriations are authorized only for a project that results in a fully consolidated FBI Headquarters fa-cility. Provided further, that the Administrator of General Services shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the con-struction of a new headquarters for the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The re-port transmitted under this provision shall include a summary of the material provi-sions of the construction and full consolida-tion of the FBI in a new headquarters facil-ity, including but not limited to, a schedule, the square footage, proposed costs to the Government, and a description of all build-ings and infrastructure needed to complete the project. Provided further, that the Administrator shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, that the Administrator’s authority to make an award of this project expires two years from the date of the adop-tion of this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.067 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7347 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.041 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/3 here EH07DE16.001smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS -CONSTRUCTION 
FBI HEADQUARTERS CONSOLIDATION 
NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION 
Prospectus Number: Congressional Districts: 
FY 20J7 Project Summar~ PBS 
PNCR-FBI-NCR 17 
MD4,5 
VA8 
The Generul Services Administration (GSA) proposes construction of a new federally owned facility 
of approximately 2.1 million rentable square feet (RSF)1 to provide a consolidated Headquarters for the Federal Bureau 
of Investigation (FBI) in the National Capital Region (NCR). The FBI Headquarters facility will bring together employees from the J. Edgar Hoover Building (JEH) and 
13 leased locations across the NCR into a 
new, modem and secure facility tailored to fully support FBI's national security, 
intelligence and law enforcement missions. The proposed GSA construction funding in this prospectus will partner with construction funding requested in appropriations to the 
FBI, FY 2016 enacted appropriations, the value of the JEH exchange and other available FBI resources 
to support the construction cost ofthe FBI Headquarters facility. 
FY 2017 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, and Management 
and lnspection) ......................... $759,000,000 Overview 
of Project 
As an intelligence-driven and a threat-focused national security organization with both national security and law enforcement responsibilities, the mission 
of the FBI is to protect and defend the 
United States against terrorist and foreign intelligence threats, to uphold and enforce the criminal laws 
of the United States, and to provide leadership and criminal justice services 
to federal, state, municipal, and international agencies and partners. The proposed FBI Headquarters 
facility will consolidate FBI personnel from the JEH and 
13 leased locations. The proposed facility will accommodate approximately 11,000 
personnel, resulting in an open-plan workspace environment to include state-of-the-art IT infrastructure as required by the FBI's national security mission. The 
facility will be 
built to meet ISC Level V security specifications on one of three previously identified sites. Initial programming provides 6,697 to 8,155 structured and unstructured parking spaces
2 for official vehicles, employees, and visitors. At the time 
of project initiation, the FBI was housed in 21 locations throughout the NCR, including JEH, occupying an aggregate total 
of3,029,709 rentable square feet. Over the 
1 This prospectus references an estimated total rentable square feet. The total rentable square footage will vary 
depending upon the final rentable to usable factor which will be detennined by the winning bid, design and selected 
site. 
2 The actual amount of parking required will be dependent upon final site selection and the availability of alternate 
means of transportation. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7348 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.041 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/4 here EH07DE16.002smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
FBI HEADQUARTERS CONSOLIDATION NATIONAL 
CAPITAL REGION 
Prospectus Number: Congressional Districts: PBS PNCR-FBI-NCR 
17 
MD4,5 
VA8 
intervening years, FBI .has taken a number of actions resulting in a decrease in the agency's footprint 
Today, FBI Headquarters functions in the NCR are housed in 14 
locations, totaling 2,930,552 rentable square feet. Staff in each of these 14 locations will be consolidated into the new 
FBI Headquarters facility. The precise RSF for the new FBI Headquarters facility will vary based on the final 
RIU factor which is dependent upon the winning bid, design and selected site. Location 
and Site Area 
The project includes conveying title to JEH to the winning bidder in exchange for a newly constructed FBI Headquarters facility 
at one of the three previously identified potential sites in Greenbelt, MD, Landover, MD, and 
Springfield, VA. Greenbelt. .................................... 
z ...................................................................... 61 acres Greenbelt -Comprised 
of approximately 61 acres of land owned by the State of 
Maryland and the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), and controlled by 
GSA pursuant to a purchase option agreement. Located at the Greenbelt Metrorail 
Station, in Prince George's County, Maryland. Landover ........................................................................................................... 
80 acres 
Landover- Comprised of approximately 80 acres, privately owned, and controlled by 
GSA pursuant to a purchase option agreement between GSA and the current site owner. Located at the site 
of the former Landover Mall, in Prince George's County, Maryland. Springfield ......................................................................................................... 
58 acres Springfield 
-Comprised of approximately 58 acres of federally owned land under the custody and control 
of GSA. Located at the current site of the GSA Franconia Warehouse Complex in Fairfax County, Virginia. Building 
Area 
The proposed transaction allows the bidders to submit proposals to construct the FBI Headquarters 
facility on one of the tlrree sites described above. Bidders have the opportunity to submit proposals 
on one, two or all three of the identified potential sites. 
Building (excluding parking) ..................................... ~ ............................ 2,100,000 RSF Bidders are required to accommodate parking consistent with the number 
of spaces required for each location: 
6,697 spaces for Greenbelt; 8,155 spaces for Landover; 7,039 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7349 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.041 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/5 here EH07DE16.003smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUS 
"'CONSTRUCTION 
FBI HEADQUARTERS CONSOLJDATION 
NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional Districts: PBS 
PNCR-FBI-NCR 17 
MD4,5 
VA8 
spaces f·or Springfield, each inclusive of 425 official vehicles (including Bureau Cars and 
FBI police). Distribution between structured and unstructured parking will be dependent upon the site and the proposal made by the bidder. 
Project Budget I 
The costs of the consoJidated FBI Headquarters facility will be supported by: (1) FY 2016 
enacted funds from the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act, which included $180 
million in FBI construction funding, $135 million in resources made available from the FBI's prior year balances, and $75 million in 
GSA FBF construction funding; (2) the value realized from the exchange 
of the JEH; (3) the President's Fiscal Year 2017 budget proposal 
of $759 million in construction funding within the GSA FBF; and (4) the President's Fiscal 
Year 2017 budget proposal of $646 million in the FBI's Construction account. 
Combined, these funds should ensure that GSA is in a position to award the project on schedule in 
FY 2017, and support the design and construction of the full consolidation. 
It is anticipated that outfitting and transition costs will be addressed by the 
FBI in future years. 
Schedule Start End* 
GSA Construction Management/Oversight Activities Design and Construction FY2016 
FY 2017 FY2022 FY2022 
(*Identified end dates for both management and oversight, and design and construction arc estimates. Actual schedules 
will be established following award with the winning bidder during design development) 
Tenant Agencies 
Federal Bureau oflnvestigation 
Justification 
The FBI is in urgent need of a consolidated Headquarters facility to support infommtion sharing) 
collaboration, and integration of strategic priorities. Currently, FBI Headquarters elements are dispersed over 14 locations in the greater Washington, 
DC 
area. This dispersion and fragmentation has created significant challenges to effective command and control and to facilitating organizational change. Dispersion diverts time and resources, hampers coordination, decreases flexibility, and impedes the 
FBI's ability 
to rapidly respond to ever changing, asymmetric threats. The FBI needs a consolidated Headquarters facility and operations center to support infonnation sharing, collaboration and integration 
of strategic priorities. By consolidating into a single location, FBI will 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7350 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.041 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/6 here EH07DE16.004smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS ---CONSTRUCTION FBI 
HEADQUARTERS CONSOLIDATION 
NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION 
Prospectus Number: Congressional Districts: PBS 
PNCR-FBI-NCR 17 
MD4,5 
VAS 
realize significant mission synergies, and greatly increase workforce and mission security compared to the varying risk scenarios existing throughout the current 
facilities. 
The FBI has occupied JEH since 1974. The approximately 1.8 million rentable square foot (2.4 
million gross square toot) JEH sits on 6.7 acres of land fronting Pennsylvania A venue and is a prime location for office, retail, 
and residential uses. The building was designed at a time when FBI operated differently, and 
it cannot be redeveloped to provide the necessary space to consolidate the 
FBI Headquarters components or to meet the agency's physical security 
and current and projected operational requirements. Furthermore the 
IT infrastructure in JEH has reached capacity and cannot be expanded further. These challenges can best be addressed through consolidation and by providing a flexible infrastructure capable 
of supporting multiple IT systems. The JEH was not designed to support today's FBI mission that includes 
an increased emphasis on national security. JEH and virtually 
all of the 13 offsite leased facilities do not meet the applicable Interagency Security Committee 
(ISC) Standards. Senate Report 110-397 -Departments 
of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, 2009, 
conc1uded that JEH does not meet the lSC physical security criteria. As the central facility for the management 
of intelligence and national security programs, the FBI Headquarters 
facility must have high reliability and survivability of utilities and 
infrastructure. Due to the critical need for continuous operations 
of the FBI. the consolidated FBI Headquarters must be resilient 
to safeguard the mission it houses and remain operational 
and capable in the event of local or regional emergency. The facility must provide the 
FBI the ability to anticipate, prepare for, and adapt to changing conditions and withstand, respond to, and recover rapidly from disruptions. 
In order to achieve resilience, the program includes 
utility and building systems redundancy, back-up power generation and water storage requirements, and energy and water efficiency targets. Requirements for utility redundancy include dual 
feed~ for communications, electric service, potable water, and natural gas. Where appropriate, 
delivery of building services must also be redundant to ensure continued operability 
in the event of a disruption internal to the facility. 
Summaa of Energy Compliance 
The consolidated FBI Headquarters facility will be designed to attain a Gold rating in the Leadership 
in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Building Design and 
Construction (BD+C) rating system, as required by GSA policy for new Federal 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7351 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.041 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/7 here EH07DE16.005smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUS-
CONSTRUCTION 
FBI HEADQUARTERS CONSOLIDATION 
NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION 
Prospectus Number: Congressional Districts: PBS 
PNCR-FBI-NCR 17 
MD4,5 
VA8 
lacilities. Furthennore, it will be LEED Operations and Maintenance (O+M) "ready" to 
ensure that the building systems are operated and maintained efficiently over the long 
tcnn, protecting the government's investment. 
Energy and Resources- Design, construction, and ongoing operation of the facility will 
minimize the impact on the environment and the utilization of energy and other scarce and non-renewable resources. The project 
will consider operational requirements, and focus on strategies that support energy surety goals, incorporating principles 
of energy source diversity, onsite renewable energy, energy storage, net-zero energy readiness, and micro-grids, as appropriate, infonned by mission goals and life-cycle cost analyses. 
Sustainability -Design and construction of the facility will achieve a minimum of 
LEED Gold rating in the BD+C v4 rating system. The new facility will comply with all applicable federal sustainability requirements. It 
will also consider operational requirements, and incorporate principles 
of passive design, onsite management of stonn­water and waste, resource efficiency, human health and well-being, and life 
cycle costing. Reliability 
and Resilience -The facility will be designed to have high reliability and 
survivability of utilities and infrastructure. It will include efficient, state-of-the-art HV AC, lighting, power, security, and telecommunications systems and equipment that require minimal. maintenance and are designed with backup capabilities to ensure minimal loss 
of service or downtime. Design of the site and buildings will include principles 
of energy and water surety, and resistance and resilience to climate change. Incremental climate change impacts, extreme weather conditions, and/or other extreme events, will result 
in minimal disruption to the mission of the FBI Headquarters complex and the safety 
of its occupants. The building enclosure systems and critical building systems 
will be designed to optimize performance and resilience in response to potential extreme events and conditions. 
Prior Appropriations 
Prior Appropriations 
Public Law Fiscal Year Amount Purpose 
114-113 2016 $75,000,000 Construction Management and oversight activities and other project support costs Aj>propriations to 
Date $75,000,000 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7352 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.041 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/8 here EH07DE16.006smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA ______ ~~--~----------~--------------------~P~B==S 
PROSPECTUS-CONSTRUCTION 
FBI HEADQUARTERS CONSOI.JDATION 
NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Alternatives Considered Prospectus Number: Congressional Districts: PNCR-FBI-NCR 17 
MD4,5 
VAS 
The proposed state-of-the-art FBI Headquarters facility is a unique asset, built to the Government's specifications in the 
form of a detailed Program of Requirements. The proposed facility will meet the 
long term needs of the FBI. GSA analyzed the modernization 
and redevelopment of JEH, but in addition to being cost prohibitive, the current facility 
as sited is not capable of meeting the square footage, security setback, or operational requirements 
of the FBI. A leased alternative is not cost-effective given FBI's 46 year history in the current location and the stated 
50+ year requirement for the proposed 
facility. A leased alternative is not considered to be cost effective and the 30 
year present value of such altemati ve was not analyzed. 
Recommendation 
CONSTRUCTION 
6 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7353 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.041 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/9 here EH07DE16.007smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
I)ROSPECTUS CONSTRUCTION FBI HEADQUARTERS 
CONSOLIDATION 
NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressionul Districts: 
Ccrtificntion of Need PBS 
PNCR-FBI-NC'R 17 
MD4,5 
VA8 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. Submitted 
at Washington, DC. on -~ __ _E'ebruary 8, ~~--0_16=----·-----~-~--------·----·- . 
Recommended: Approved: 
---'~uo::>t'C"-----;1£'--.-"'-~""""-"-=-.;;;:....-=.._ __________ _ 
Administrator, General Services Administration 
7 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7354 December 7, 2016 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
NEW U .S. COURTHOUSE —ANNISTON , AL Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the site ac-quisition, design and construction of a new U.S. Courthouse of approximately 63,000 gross square feet, including approximately 13 parking spaces, in Anniston, Alabama at an additional site and design cost of $2,414,000, a total estimated construction cost of $32,527,000, and total management and in-spection cost of $3,234,000 for a total esti-mated project cost, including prior author-izations, of $42,575,000, for which a prospectus is attached to and included in this resolu-tion. This resolution amends prior authoriza-tions of July 24, 2002 and July 23, 2003. Provided, that the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall ensure that construction of the new courthouse complies, at a min-imum, with courtroom sharing requirements adopted by the Judicial Conference of the United States. Provided further, that the Administrator of General Services shall ensure that the con-struction of the new courthouse contains no more than two courtrooms, including one for Senior District Judges and one for Bank-ruptcy Judges. Provided further, that the design of the new courthouse shall not deviate from the U.S. Courts Design Guide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.042 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7355 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.042 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/11 here EH07DE16.008smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
FY 2016 Pro led Summary PROSPECTUS 
NEW U.S. COURTHOUSE ANNISTON, 
AL 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PAL..cTC~AN 16 
03 
The General Services Administration {GSA) proposes the acquisition of a site. and the design 
and construction of a new U.S. Courthouse of approximately 63,000 gross square feet (gsf), 
including 13 inside parking spaces in Anniston, AL. GSA will construct the courthouse to meet 
the 1 ()..year space needs of the court and court-related agencies and the site will accommodate the 
anticipated 3Q..year needs of the court. The Judici8!}''s Courthouse Project Priorities list 
(approved by the Judicial Conference of the United States on September 17, 2015) includes a 
courthouse projed in Anniston, AL. 
FY 2016 House and Senate Committee Approval Rsguested 
(Additional Site and Desigu, Construction, Management & Inspection) ······~--.-S38,175,000 
FY 2016 Funding Requested (as outlined in tbe FY 2016 Spend Plag) (Additional Site 
nnd Design, Construction, Management & Inspection) .. -.-.... 538,175,000 
Overview of Proiect 
The courts and related agencies are currently located in the Federal Building-Courthouse (FB­
CT) as well as one leased location in Anniston. The FB-CT, built in 1906, is listed in the 
National Register of Historic Places The new courthouse will provide two courtrooms and three 
chambers consistent with the application of courtroom sharing policies and limitation on the provision 
of space for projected judgeships. The site for the new courthouse will be in the 
central business area of Anniston. 
Site Information 
To Be Acquired .............................................................................................. Approximately 3 acres 
Building Area 1 
Gross square feet (excluding inside parking) ........................................................................ 57,000 
Gross square feet (Jncludins inside parking) ......................................................................... 63,000 
Inside parking spaces...................... . . .. . . .... ..... . ...................................................................... 13 
1 Square footages and number of parking spaces are approximau:. The acrual project may cootain a variance in gross 
square footage from that listed in this ~IUS. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7356 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.042 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/12 here EH07DE16.009smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Estimated Proiect Budget PROSPECTUS 
NEW U.S. COURTHOUSE 
ANNISTON, AL 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
Site Cost (FY 2004) ......................................................................................................... $2,500,000 
Estimated Additional Site ................................................................................................... $554,000 
Design (FY 2004) ............................................................................................................ $1~900,000 
Estimated Additional Design ........................................................................................... $1,860,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC} ($516/gsf, including inside parlcing) ................... $32,527,000 
Estimated Management and Inspection (M&J) ................................................................ $3,234,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ....... --................................. - ... -·----· $42,575,0001 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally 
provided by GSA. 
Schedule 
Design & Constntction 
Teuaut Agencies Start FY 2016 End 
FY 2021 
U.S. District Court. U.S. Bankntptcy Court, U.S. Probation Office, U.S. Department of Justice~ 
Marshals Service, trial preparation space for the U.S. Department of Justice-Office of the U.S. 
Attorney, and OSA. 
Justification 
The existing FB·CT, constructed in 1906 and expanded in 1935t does not meet the U.S. Courts 
Design Guide standards, does not provide for future expansion, and lacks adequate security. 
There is no separate circulation for judicial officers and prisoners, and no secure elevators in the 
building. Further, there are no courtroom holding cells, central cellblock, prisoner sallyport, and 
no secured parting available to the courts. The new courthouse will provide separate circulation 
for the public, judges, and prisoners, thereby improving security, as well as the efficiency of 
court operations. Relocation of agencies from leased space to the new courthouse will result in 
savings of approximately $195,000 in future annual lease payments to the private sector. 
Due to changes in program since previous project approval. courtroom sharing, and exclusion of 
projected new judgeships, the proposed project has decreased in size and scope (from the 
previously approved 65A82 gsf). 
~ GSA requests approval for a total project cost. As ooecd in the estimated pmjm bud&c:t above, GSA identified sub-totals 
comprising the estimated project budget are intended to provide a bmWiown in support of the ETPC. The actual 
toml cosa 10 perform the entire project may differ from what is represenled in this pmspeaus by the various 
subcompoamu. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7357 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.042 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/13 here EH07DE16.010smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS 
NEW U.S. COURTHOUSE 
ANNISTON, AL Prospectus 
Number: 
Congressional District: 
Space Requirements or the U.S. Courts 
Current PBS 
PAL..cTC·AN 16 
03 
Proposed 
Courtrooms Judees Courtrooms Judees 
District ' 
-Active I I 0 ' 0 
-Senior 0 0 1 1 
-Visiting 0 0 1 
Bankruptcy 1 1 1 1 
Total: 2 2 2 3 
Summary of Energy CogUance 
This project will be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for the 
Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles for High 
Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Future or Ex.lstiDg Federal 8uUdlng3 
The Federal tenancy in Anniston does not support the need for two courthouses; therefore, GSA 
will explore alternatives associated with the disposal of the existing courthouse. Some of these alternatives 
include donation or exchange. 
1 11.Us section is included to address recom.mendations in the following GAO Report: Fcdcrnl Courthouses· Better 
PIIUUling Needed Regarding Reuse of Old Courthous.es {GA0-14-48). 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7358 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.042 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/14 here EH07DE16.011smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Prior 
Appropriations PROSPECTUS 
NEW U.S. COURTHOUSE ANNISTON, 
AL 
Prospectus Number: Congressional 
District: 
Prior Appropriations PBS 
PAL-crC-AN J 6 
03 
Pubtie Law Fiscal Year Amount Proposed Project 108-199 
2004 $4,400,000 Site and Design 
114-113* 2016 $38, J 75,000 Additional Site & Design, ECC & 
M&I 
Appropriations to Date S4:Z.S75,000 .. ... •Public Law 114-J 13 funded $947,760,000 for new construction projects oflbc Fedeml Judsa:ary as pnontized m 
the Federal Judiciary Courthouse Project Priorities list, of which Anniston is included. GSNs Spend Plen <kscribes 
each project to be undert.alcm wkh this funding. The FY 2016 need for Anniston is S38,J75,000. 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Committee Date Amount Proposed Project 
HouseT&l 7'2412002 $3,090,000 Site and Design for 65,482 gsf. 
20 inside parking spaces 
Senate EPW 9126/2002 $3,090,000 ·Site and Design for 65,482 gsf; 20 
inside parking spaces 
HouseT&I 72312003 $1,291.000 Additional Site and Design for 
65.482 gsf, 20 inside parking 
spaces 
Senate EPW 62312004 $1,291,000 Additional Site and Design for 65,482 gsf; 
20 inside parking 
spaces House Approvals to Date 
$4,381,000 
Senate Approvals to Date $4,.381,000 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7359 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.042 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/15 here EH07DE16.012smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS 
NEW U.S. COURTHOUSE ANNISTON, 
AL 
Prospectus Number; 
Congressional District: PBS 
PAL-CTC-AN 16 
03 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on .. 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7360 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.042 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/16 here EH07DE16.013smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
May 2016 
Personnel 
Locations Office Total 
New Courthouse 
U"S" Bankruptcy Court (courtrooms/chambers) --
US Bankruptcy Court -Clerk - -
U "S" Bankruptcy 
Administrator - -
U.S" District Comt (coumoomslchambers) - -
U.S" District Comt -Clerk --
U.S. Probation Office -
DOJ-U.S. Marshals Service - -
DOJ-Office Of U.S" Attorneys --
GSA-Public Buildings Service --
Joint Use -
Subtotal 
Anniston FB-CT, 1129 Noble Street 
US Bankfuptcy Coun (courtrooms/chambers) 
3 3 U"S" District Comt (courtrooms/chambers) 
4 4 DOJ-U,S" Marshals Service 7 7 
Congress -House of Representatives 2 2 Vacant Unassigned 
Space -
Subtotal 16 16 
Bankruptcy Building (Lease) 
FS. Bankruptcy Clerk 15 15 
U.S. Bankruptcy 
Administrator 
4 
4 Subtotal 19 19 
Total 35 35 Housing Plan 
New U.S. Courthouse 
CURRENT 
Usah/e Square Feet (USF) 
Office Storage Special 
- - -
- - -
-
-
-- -
-- --
- - -
-
-- -
-- -
---
72 3,287 
- - 5,680 270 
- 40 
1,145 
59 2,862 
- 1,455 4,349 
- 10,521 7,707 
-
1,521 9,228 
--
13,577 - 10,521 Personnel 
Total Office Total 
- 3 
- 15 
- 4 
- 5 - I I 
- 14 
-
- I 
---
44 
3,359 
5,680 -
310 
1,204 
4,317 
14,870 -
7,707 -
1,521 -
9,228 -
24,098 44 
The project may contain a variance in gross square footage from that listed in this project upon measurement 
and review of the completed project. 
USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building" PROPOSED 
Uwble Square Feet (USF) 
Office Storage Special 
3 2,663 - 2,590 
15 6,288 - 750 
4 1,965 1,800 
5 4,534 - 4,290 
1 2,594 - -
1 1,005 
200 14 4.741 - 2,880 
- 500 -
-I 300 300 -
- 880 
44 24,590 300 13,390 
-
- --
- -
-- -
-
------
- -
---
44 24,590 300 13,390 
Special Space 
Holding Cell 920 
Restroom 590 
Conference 
2,830 ADP 150 
Courtroom 4,200 
Judicial Chambers 1,800 
Food Service 400 
Physical Fitness 800 
Mailroom 880 
Sallyport 820 
Total: 13,390 PAL-CTC-AN16 Anniston, Alabama 
Total 
i 
5,253 
7,038 
3,765 8,824 2,594 
1,205 
7,621 
500 
600 880 38,280 
-
-
-
--
-
---
38,280 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7361 December 7, 2016 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY , 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION , OFFICE  
OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY , NORTHERN VA  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 562,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 4 official parking spaces, for the De-partment of Homeland Security, Customs and Border Protection, Office of Information Technology currently located in 11 separate buildings dispersed across six locations in-cluding six buildings in the VA–95 complex located at Boston Boulevard and Fullerton Road in Springfield, Virginia and other loca-tions at 1801 N. Beauregard Street in Alexan-dria, 6350 Walker Lane in Springfield, 7799 Leesburg Pike in Falls Church, 13990 Park East Circle in Chantilly, and 5971 Kingstowne Village Parkway in Alexandria, Virginia at a proposed total annual cost of $21,918,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 124 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 124 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.043 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7362 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.043 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/19 here EH07DE16.014smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CUSTOMS AND BOR.DER PROTECTION 
OFFICE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
NORTHERN, VA PBS 
Prospectus 
Number: PV A-0 1-W A 17 
Congressional Districts: 8, I 0, I I 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease for approximately 562,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), 
Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Office of lnfonnation Technology (OIT), 
currently located in leased space in II separate buildings dispersed across six locations including six buildings 
in the V A-95 complex located at Boston Boulevard and Fullerton Road in Springfield, 
VA. Other locations are ISO I N. Beauregard St., Alexandria, VA; 6350 
Walker Lane, Springfield, VA; 7799 Leesburg Pike, Falls Church, VA; 13990 Park 
East Circle, Chantilly, VA; and 5971 Kingstowne Village Parkway, Alexandria, VA. 
The lease will enable DHS/CBP/OIT to provide continued housing as well as more modem, streamlined, and efficient operations. 
It will significantly improve space utilization, as the office utilization rate 
will be improved from 113 to 64 usable square feet 
(USF) per person, and the overall utilization rate from 184 to 124 USF per person, reducing the 
DHS/CBP/OIT footprint for this occupancy by approximately 67,680 RSF. 
Description 
Occupant: Current Rentable 
Square Feet (RSF) 
Proposed Maximum RSF1: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: Proposed 
Maximum Leasing Authority: Expiration Dates 
of Current Lease(s): De1ineated Area: Number 
of Official Parking Spaces2: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate3: Customs and Border Protection 629,680 
(Current RSFIUSF:; 1.08) 562,000 
(Proposed RSFIUSF = 1.20) 67,680 
(Reduction) 
184 
124 
15 years 
09/30/19,08/01120, 12/07/20, 12/31120, 
5/31/21, 08/10/21 
Northern Virginia 
4 
Operating Lease 
$39.00/RSF 
1 The RSFIUSF at the current location is approximately 1.08; however, to maximize competition a 
RSF/USF ratio of 1.20 is used for the proposed maximum RSP as indicated in the housing plan. 
2 OIT security requirements may necessitate control of the parking at the leased location. This may be 
accomplished as a lessor-furnished service, as a separate operating agreement with the !essor. or as part of 
the Government's leasehold interest in the building. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7363 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.043 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/20 here EH07DE16.015smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUS--LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OJl' HOMELAND SECURITY CUSTOMS 
AND BORDER PROTECTION OFFICE 
OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
NORTHERN, VA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PVA-Ol-WA17 Congressional 
Districts:· 8, I 0, II 
Proposed Total Annual Cost4: $21,918,000 Current 
Total Annual Cost: 
Background $17,079,000 {Leases effective: I 0/01/94, 12/08/00, 01/17/02,07/15/02,08/02/05, 11/14/07, 11/21/08,02/02/09,06/01/1 
J, 
and 0811 Jill) 
OIT is responsible for implementation and support of information technology, research and development functions, and automation and technological strategies for meeting mission-related needs. 
OIT is responsible for automated information systems, management 
of the research and development functions, and all forensic and laboratory support 
of CBP. OIT personnel manage all computer and related resources and establish requirements 
for computer interfaces between CBP and various trade groups and Government agencies. 
OIT is responsible for managing all aspects of tactical communications, including the 24/7 operations 
of the National Law Enforcement Communications 
Center and Continuity of Operations Planning. 
Justification 
OIT's mission is to be responsible for all aspects of technology support across all mission areas within 
CBP. This CBP component designs, develops, programs, tests, implements, tmins, and maintains the agency's automated systems. 
OIT is responsible for managing 
CBP computer facilities, including all the hardware, software, data, video and voice communications, and related financial resources. 
OIT develops and maintains the Enterprise Information 
System Architecture and administers the operational aspects of 
the CBP Computer Security Program. OIT also represents CBP on matters related to automated import, export, and interagency processing 
and systems development. 
3 These estimates are for fiscal year 2017 and may be escalated by 1.95 percent annually to the effective date 
of the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rates are fully serviced including all 
operating expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the 
procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers 
and as the basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the 
Government 
4 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
operating costs. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7364 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.043 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/21 here EH07DE16.016smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION 
OFFICE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
NORTHERN, VA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PV A-0 1-WA 17 
Congressional Districts: 8, I 0, II 
The current leases are for space in II separate buildings in Northern Virginia and expire between 
September 30, 2019 and August I 0, 2021. OIT requires continued housing to 
carry out its operational mission and functions. The total space requested will reduce the 
OIT footprint by 67,680 RSF or more than I 0 percent of the 629,680 RSF currently occupied. 
In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be 
at least $24.6 million per year. Acquisition 
Strategy 
In order to maximize the flexibility and competition in acquiring space to house the 
DHS/CBP/OIT elements, GSA may issue a single, multiple award solicitation that will 
allow offerors to provide blocks of space able to meet requirements in whole or in part. 
All offers must provide space consistent with the delineated area defined by this prospectus. 
Summary of Energy Compliance GSA 
will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. 
GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy 
Star perfonnance rating of 75 or higher. Resolutions 
of Approval Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim !easing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing 
of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest 
of the Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7365 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.043 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/22 here EH07DE16.017smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY CUSTOMS 
AND BORDER PROTECTION 
OFFICE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
NORTHERN, VA PBS 
Prospectus Number; PVA-01-WAI7 
Congressional Districts: 8, l 0, 1 1 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ---~--S_e_p_te_m_b_e_r_1_5_, _20_1_a _____ _ 
//.jl ~ 
Recommended: /(j l 
----~----------------------------------------- Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
. I /J ' c:J/'.._-:f/' "V 
Approved . ...lt/?f4't~ z, /[CJ 71<-_._..·----:--------------­
Administrator, General Services Administration 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7366 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.043 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/23 here EH07DE16.018smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSENovember 2015 
Lt:ased Locations 
1801 N, Beaure '"ard St., Alexandria VA 
6350 Walker Lane, Sorin£fie1d, VA 
7799 Leesburg Pike, Falls Church, VA 
7375 Boston Blvd, Springfield, VA 
7451 Boston Blvd, Sormgfield, VA 
7435 Boston Blvd, Soringficid, VA 
750 I Boston Blvd, Soringfield, VA 
7400 Fullerton Road, Soringfield, VA 
13990 Parkeast Circle. Chantilly, VA 
5971 Kin •stowne Village Pkwy, Alexandria, VA 
7681 Boston Blvd, Springfield, VA 
Pmposed Total Office Utiliz..ation Rate 
Rate 
UR~""avcrage amoW1t of office space per person 
Current UR excludes 103,199 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 68,272 usf of office support space 
Overall UR 
Rate 
RflJ Factor 
Cun·ent Pro nosed 
NOTES: Persom1el 
Office Total 
541 541 
472 472 315 315 112 112 
78 78 
86 86 411 411 126 126 144 144 
427 427 
527 527 
.1,239 3,239 Housing Plan 
Department of Homeland Security Customs 
and Border Protection Office of Information Technology 
CURRENT Usable Square Feet USF)' 
Office Stora2e Special Total 
75,427 870 9,102 85,399 
65,647 98 8,681 74,426 
73,104 160 12,638 85,902 13,270 167 
2,562 15,999 
12,397 61 3,293 15,751 14,771 
2,705 17.476 
59,272 215 16,269 75.756 
18,029 522 4,635 23,186 
38,984 284 3,740 43,008 
41,125 433 3,1:28 44,686 
57,061 42,094 99,!55 
469,087 2,810 108,847 580,744 
1 USF means the portion of the building 
available fOr use by a tenant's personnel and fumishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
1Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than .10 people 
'USF/Person ~ housing plan total USF divided by total personnel 
'RIU Factor ~ Max RSF divided by totallJSF Personnel 
Offiee Total 
3,783 ' 3,783 3,783 i 3 783 PVA-Ol-WA17 Northern, VA 
PROPOSED I 
Usable Sauare Feet (USF) 
Office Storao~ Soecial Total 
3! 0 327 17,576 140,388 468.291 
310,327 17,576 140,388 468,291 
Special Space USF 
Conference 21,382 
TrainiJ1g 8,516 LAN 
/Telco 13,741 
File Room 5,980 
Break I Food 8,057 
Shower I Locker 906 
Sup]JIV I Copy I Print Rooms 8,516 
Lab 13,335 Reception 1,8!2 
Lactation Room 544 
HSDNISCIF 2,748 
Data Center 37,124 
Security 2,899 
TOC I Sit Rooms 6,054 
Mail Room 2,174 
EOC 6 600 
Total 140,388 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7367 December 7, 2016 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —FOOD & DRUG ADMINISTRATION , 
ATLANTA , GA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 162,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 27 official parking spaces, for the Food and Drug Administration currently lo-cated at the FDA Atlanta complex con-sisting of three leased buildings; Crawford Building, Annex I and Annex II, and an addi-tional lease location in College Park, Geor-gia at a proposed total annual cost of $5,994,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 322 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 322 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Mar 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\DEC2016\H07DE6.REC H07DE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7368 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.044 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/26 here EH07DE16.019smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
FOOD & DRUG ADMINISTRATION 
ATLANTA,GA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PGA-01-A Tl7 
Congressional District: 5 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease of approximately 162,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space' for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), currently 
housed at the FDA Atlanta complex consisting of three leased buildings; The Crawford 
Building, Annex I and Annex II, and an additional lease location in College Park, 
Georgia, at the Gateway Center Building One. 
The proposed lease will provide continued housing for FDA and will improve the office utilization 
rate from 176 to 103 usable square feet (USF) per person. 
Description 
l Occupant: Current 
Rentable Square Feet (RSF) 
Estimated Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: Estimated 
Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Term: 
Expiration Dates of Current Leases: 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: Scoring: 
Estimated Rental Rate1: 
Estimated Total Annual Cost2: 
Current Total Annual Cost: Food and Drug Administration 
134,491 (Current RSF/USF = 1.15) 
162,000 (Proposed RSF/USF =LIS) 
27,509 (expansion) 
292 
322 
20 Years 
IL24.2017, 12.30·2017,and 
7i31 /2022 
Atlanta Midtown Business District 
27 secured Operating 
lease 
37.00/RSF 
$5,994,000 
$5,863,625 (Leases effective 
1125.'2005, 12/3l'l997,8L2012) 
This estimate is for Fiscal Year 2019 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent armually to the effective date of 
the k<JSe to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses 
whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing 
market remal rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a ba<:is 
for negotiating wi!h offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the government. 
~ew !eases may contain an escalation clause to pro1.~de for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
operating c.osts. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7369 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.044 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/27 here EH07DE16.020smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FOOD & DRUG ADMINISTRATION 
ATLANTA,GA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PGA-Ol-AT17 
Congressional District: 5 
Justification 
The current leases are unable to provide the FDA Southeast Regional Office, Atlanta District 
Office, and Southeast Regional Laboratories (SRL) with the necessary office and special space to efficiently 
carry out its mission. The new lease will provide a more modern and streamlined office layout and improve office utilization 
from 176 square feet 
per person to I 03 square feet per person. 
SRL testing includes foods, ceramics, meats, cosmetics, drugs, and other products falling under the purview 
of the FDA. In addition, the SRL has specialized capabilities and is horne to the Atlanta Center for Nutrient Analysis, which is the servicing laboratory to all FDA districts for nutrient analysis on domestic and imported foods that 
bear nutrition labeling. The size 
of the existing SRL causes the FDA to constantly retro-fit the aging space, leading to higher maintenance costs. A modem laboratory is needed to properly carry out 
its mission. 
Acquisition Strategy 
In order to maximize the flexibility in acquiring space to house the FDA elements. GSA 
may issue a single, multiple award solicitation that will allow offerors to provide blocks 
of space able to meet requirements in whole or in part. All offers must provide space consistent with the delineated area defined 
by this prospectus. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and other documents related to the 
procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. 
GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star perfonnance rating of 75 or 
higher. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Enviroriment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a 
facility that will yield the required rentable 
area. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7370 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.044 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/28 here EH07DE16.021smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FOOD & DRUG ADMINISTRATION 
ATLANTA,GA PBS 
Prospectus '!\'umber: PGA-0 I-A Tl 7 
Congressional District 5 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued 
housing of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest 
of the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Certification of Need 
The proposed lease is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
SEP 1 3 2016 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ----------------------
/I(}L 
Recommended: ______________ /~?~--'---------------------------------------
Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
;L~ 1: /1(1:~ 
Approved=------~~~~-----------------------------------------­
Administrator, General Services Administration 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7371 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.044 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/29 here EH07DE16.022smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
April2016 
Leased Locations 
Crawford and Annex I Ar.n::x ll 
Gatcwav Center BUildino One Estimatcd!P:-oposcd 
Lease 
Total --
Rate 
UR=avcragc amount ofoftice space per person Current UR excludes 73,119 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 65,039 usf of office suppot1 space Personnel 
Office Total 
104 177 159 
65 (,5 
169 401 
~ ----- Overall UR3 I I Current Proposed 
Rate 292 
322 
Rf() J.'actor·• TotalliSF 
Current 117,091 
Est-imatcd/Prot~mcd 140,842 
NOTES: Housing Plan 
Food and Drug.Administration 
CURRENT 
Usable Square Fcot (USF) Office 
Stora2e S Jedal Total 28,224 
5,927 28,649 
62,800 - 44,470 44,470 
9,821 
9,821 38,045 5,927 73,119 117,091 
1USF means the portion oftllc building available for usc by a tenant's personnel and fumishings 
and space available jointly to the occupant-s oft he build mg. 
-calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less tban \0 people 
1USF/Pcrson = bousmg plan total USF divided by total personneL 4R/lJ Factor~"' Max RSF divided by total USF Personnel 
Office Total 
-
437 
437 437 
437 PGA-Ol-AT17 
Atlanta, GA 
ESTIMATED/PROPOSED 
Usable Square Feet (USF) Office 
Stora2e Special 
- __ -
-
- -
57,477 
83,365 57,477 - 83,365 
Special Space 
Laboratorv 
ConfercnceffraininE: 
Food Service/Break Areas 
Health Unit Fitn-ess Center 
Lockcrroom 
Total I 
Total 
-
140,842 
140,841 
USF 
73,345 
6,850 2,220 
100 
400 450 
83,365 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7372 December 7, 2016 
AMENDED COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS AD -
MINISTRATION , JACKSON AND CLAY COUNTIES , 
MISSOURI , AND JOHNSON COUNTY , KANSAS  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, That pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 806,794 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 142 official parking spaces, for the National Archives and Records Administra-tion, Federal Records Center currently lo-cated at 200 NW Space Center in Lee’s Sum-mit, Missouri at a proposed total annual cost of $5,647,558 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. This resolution amends the resolution adopted by the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure on September 14, 2016. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an office utilization rate of 129 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Adminis-trator determines that the office utilization rate cannot be achieved, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an office utilization rate of 129 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.045 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7373 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.045 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/32 here EH07DE16.023smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS -LEASE 
NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION JACKSON AND CLAY 
COUNTIES, MISSOURI, AND JOHNSON COUNTY, 
KANSAS 
Prospectus Number: PM0-0 1-LS 17 
Congressional District: MO 05, 06, KS 03 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease of approximately 806,794 rentable square feet (RSF) for the National Archives and Records Administration -Federal Records Center (NARA-FRC), 
cunently located at 200 NW Space Center, Lee's Summit, 
MO. 
The lease will provide continued housing for NARA-FRC, will maintain its cunent office utilization rate 
of 129 usable square feet (USF) per person, and allow for continued temporary and permanent record storage capabilities for Federal agencies. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Cunent Rentable Square Feet (RSF) Estimated Maximum RSF: Expansion/Reduction RSF: Current 
Usable Square Feet/Person: Estimated Usable Square 
Feet/Person: Proposed 
Maximum Lease Term: Expiration Dates 
of Current Leases: Delineated Area: Number 
of Official Parking Spaces: Scoring: Estimated Rental Rate 
1: National Archives and Records Administration 806,794 (Current RSF/USF 
= 1.00) 
806,794 (Proposed RSF/USF = 1.00) 
None 
129 
129 
20 Years 8/14/2017 Jackson and Clay Counties, Missouri, 
and Johnson County, Kansas 
142 
Operating lease 
$7.00 I RSF 
1This estimate is for fiscal year 2017 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid hy the lessor or directly by the Government. 
GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation 
of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award 
is made in the best interest of the Government. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7374 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.045 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/33 here EH07DE16.024smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS PROSPECTUS -LEASE NATIONAL 
ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION JACKSON 
AND CLAY COUNTIES, MISSOURI, AND JOHNSON COUNTY, KANSAS 
Prospectus Number: PM0-0 1-LS 17 
Congressional District: MO 05, 06, KS 03 
Estimated Total Annual Cost2: 
CuiTent Total Annual Cost: 
Acquisition Strategy $5,647,558 $3,211,969 (Lease effective 8/15/1997) The NARA-FRC is 
cuiTently located in subteiTanean space. In order to maximize competition, 
GSA will consider aboveground and subteiTanean space for this procurement and will relocate the agency 
if economically advantageous to the Federal Government. 
Justification 
NARA-FRC is one of 18 Federal Records Centers across the nation used by Federal agencies for records-related services. The FRCs work together to provide temporary and permanent record storage services. The facility storage services are full at this location and any new incoming client boxes are accommodated by moving existing records to other Federal Records Centers or 
by the disposal of eligible records. The cuiTent location provides storage conditions that meet pe1manent or archival requirements, which accounts for 57 percent 
of permanent record storage. NARA-FRC requires space to accommodate the movement, processing, and retrieving 
of 
large quantities of client record boxes into its computer systems, along with the ability to store client records 
in an environment that meets regulations tor Federal Records Storage 
(36 CFR 1234). The movement of client record boxes is accommodated using eight-foot carts, which require ample circulation space for maneuvering. Although Federal agencies are attempting to convert to electronic storage, the demand for paper record storage still remains and since 
2000 has grown by 2.38 percent per year. 
2New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7375 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.045 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/34 here EH07DE16.025smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE NATIONAL ARCHIVES 
AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION JACKSON 
AND CLAY COUNTIES, MISSOURI, AND JOHNSON COUNTY, KANSAS 
Prospectus Number: PM0-01-LS17 
Congressional District: MO 05, 06, KS 03 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. 
GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy 
Star performance rating of 75 or higher. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval 
to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing 
of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest 
of the Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7376 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.045 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/35 here EH07DE16.026smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS -LEASE 
NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION 
JACKSON AND CLAY COUNTIES, MISSOURI, AND JOHNSON 
COUNTY, KANSAS 
Prospectus Number: PMO-OI-LS17 
Congressional District: MO 05, 06, KS 03 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on·----~. AUlwst 9. 2016 ··---~-
Recommended: __ /()...:;___~------
Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved: ---~f-;?J;__._~_·-:-. --------­
Administrator, General Services Administration 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7377 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.045 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/36 here EH07DE16.027smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEOctober 2015 Leased Loc1tions W Space Center -
ated/Proposed Lease 
---Rate 
UR=avcrage amoum of office space per person 
Cunent UR aclud!!s 2.109 usf of office ~up port space 
Proposed UR cxciudcs 2,109 usf of Gfficc suppott space 
I E.tlrn~~d/Proposed ~------
NOTES: Personnel Office Total 
58 65 
58 65 Housing Plan 
National Archives And Records Administration 
CURRENT I 
Usable Sqwre Feet USF' Personnel 
Office Storage I Special I Total I Office 
9.586 2,600 I 794,608 i 806.794 I 
I I I 58 9,586 
2,600! 794,6os I so6,794 I 58 
1USF means the porrion of the building available tot u:;e by a tenam'~ persunnel ~nd fumi~h!ngs and ~pace available jointly to lhe oc<:upant~ of the buildmg. 
~CalculalJOn cxdudesJudicmry, Congres.s and agenc1es wttb less than 10 people. Circulation requi'remenl ot 40G/o for movcmcnUprocessing of client $lorage above the normal 
22%, moved cxlr<> circulation to !)torage. 
·'USr:/Person housing plan total USF divided by total per~onnel. 
'RIU Fan or~ Max RSF divid<d by total USF Total I I 
6s I 
os I PMO-Ol-LS17 
Jackson and Clay Counties, MO 
and Johnson County, KS 
ESTIMATED/PROPOSED U~ablc S4uare Feet (USF) 
Office I Storage Spedal I Total 
I ! 
9586j_ ---___ 3,_6_0.2 794.6os I 1 
806,794j 
9,ss6 I 2,600 794,6os 1 806,794 i 
Special Space USF 
Data Proces~in!! 
-==~~~~~+----~ 
p::::=="'---------.J------20_1 1.315 702 
I 209 
Total 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7378 December 7, 2016 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH , 
MONTGOMERY AND PRINCE GEORGE ’S COUN -
TIES, MD Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 238,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 5 official parking spaces, for the De-partment of Health and Human Services, Na-tional Institutes of Health currently located at 6001 and 6101 Executive Boulevard in Rockville, Maryland at a proposed total an-nual cost of $8,330,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 183 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 183 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.046 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7379 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.046 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/39 here EH07DE16.028smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
MONTGOMERY AND PRINCE GEORGE'S COUNTIES, MD PBS 
Prospectus Number: PMD-0 1-W A 17 
Congressional District: 8 
l Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease of approximately 238,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space for tpe Department of Health and Human Services -
National Institutes of Health (NIH), cun·ently located at 6001 and 6101 Executive Boulevard 
in Rockville, MD, under five NIH direct leases. The four leases at 6001 
Executive Boulevard expire on January 31, 2019, and the one lease at 6101 Executive Boulevard expires on August 31, 
2019. 
The proposed lease will enable NIH to provide continued housing. The lease will 
significantly improve space utilization, as the office utilization rate will be reduced from 
172 to 133 usable square feet (USF) per person, and the overall utilization rate from 221 
to 183 USF per person, resulting in Nfl-I being housed in approximately 31 ,632 RSF less space than it has at the current locations. 
Description 
Occupant: Current 
Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 
Estimated Maximum RSF: 
·Expansion/Reduction RSF: Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Estimated Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Term: Expiration Dates 
of Current Leases: Delineated Area: Number 
of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: Estimated 
Proposed Rental Rate 1: 
Estimated Total Annual Cost2: National Institutes of Health 269,632 
(Cun·ent RSFIUSF = 1.22) 
238,000 (Proposed RSFIUSF = 1.20) 
31,632 (Reduction) 
221 
183 
15 Years l/31/2019, 8/31/2019 
Portions of Montgomery and Prince 
George's Counties proximate to the NIH campus in Bethesda, 
MD 
5 
Operating lease 
$35.00/RSF 
$8,330,000 
This estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 1.95 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid 
by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using 
prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis 
for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7380 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.046 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/40 here EH07DE16.029smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF 
HEALTH 
MONTGOMERY AND PRINCE GEORGE'S COUNTIES, MD PBS 
Prospectus Number: PMD~Ol·WA17 
Congressional District: 8 Current Total Annual Cost: 
Justification 
The multiple NIH Institutes and Centers (ICs) located at 6001 and 6101 Executive Boulevard include the National Institute 
of Drug Abuse, National Institute of Mental Health, National Institute 
of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, National Institute on Deafness and other Communication Disorders, 
Office of Director-Office of Strategic 
Coordination, and the Office of Research Services, and are integral components of NIH's mission. The current leases expire on January 31, 
2019, and August 31, 2019. NIH ICs have a continuing need 
for space and efficient transportation access to the NIH campus in Montgomery County. The lease 
will streamline operations and improve NIH's footprint 
by 31,632 rsf. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost of continued occupancy 
at the existing footprint would be $9,437,120. 
Acquisition Strategy 
In order to maximize the flexibility in acquiring space to house the NIH elements, GSA 
may issue a single, multiple award solicitation in up to two proximate buildings that will allow offerors 
to provide blocks of space able to meet requirements in whole or in part. 
All offers must provide space consistent with the delineated area defined by this prospectus. 
~ew leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
operating costs. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7381 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.046 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/41 here EH07DE16.030smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
.MONTGOMERY AND PIUNCE GEORGE'S COUNTIES, MD PBS 
Prospectus Number: PMD-0 1-W A 17 
Congressional District: 8 
Summary of Energy Complia!!££ GSA 
will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the . Request for Lease Proposals and other documents related 
to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. 
GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and 
to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
higher. Resolutions 
of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a 
facility that will yield the required rentable area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing 
of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in th~ best interest 
of the Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7382 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.046 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/42 here EH07DE16.031smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF 
HEALTH 
MONTGOMERY AND PRINCE GEORGE'S COUNTIES, MD PBS 
Prospectus Number: PMD~O 1-W A 17 
Congressional District: 8 
Certification of Need 
The proposed lease is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. Submitted 
at Washington, DC, on August 19,2016 
Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7383 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.046 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/43 here EH07DE16.032smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
October 2015 
Leased Locations 
6001 Executive Boulevard 6 
i 0 I Execuiwe Boulevard 
Estimated/Proposed 
Lease Total 
Rate 
UR=avcrage amount of office space per person 
Cun·ent UR excludes 48,365 usf of office support space Proposed UR excludes 40,542 usf of office suppor1 space 
OveralllJR 
Rate 
Rill Factor 
NOTES: Personnel 
Office Total 
905 
93 
998 905 
93 
998 Housing Plan 
National Institutes of Health 
CURRENT 
Usable Square Feet (USF) Office 
Storaue Special Total 
203,000 - 203,000 
16,843 1,205 18,048 119,843 
- 1,105 ~--221,048 
1USF means the pOrtion of the building avaiiable for use by a tenant's pctsonncl and funmhings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
~Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
5USF/Person = housmg plan total USF divided by total personnel. 
'R!U Factor Max RSF divided by total USF Personnel 
Office Total 
1,084 1,084 
---------~ 1.084 PMD-Ol-WA17 
Montgomery County, MD 
ESTIMATED/PROPOSED 
Usable Square Feet USF 
Office Storaoe Special 
184,280 14,000 184,280 
- 14,000 Special Space 
Data Center and Support Center Conference 
Center 
Total 198,280 198,280 USF 
4,000 10,000 
rotal ~---_!j,OOO 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7384 December 7, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.046 H07DEPT1
Insert offset folio 1035/44 here EH07DE16.033smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7385 December 7, 2016 
There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN JOSEPH R. PITTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Madam Speaker, what an honor it is to join my colleagues this evening in tak-ing a moment to honor my good friend and fellow alum from Asbury College, Pennsylvania Congressman J
OEPITTS. My friend, J
OEPITTS, has spent his life literally engaged in serving those around him. In fact, early in his career, J
OEand his wife worked as teachers to educate the next generation until he joined the Air Force in 1963. He an-swered the call of duty, serving three tours in Vietnam, where he completed 116 combat missions and earned the Air Medal with five oakleaf clusters. Just a few years after returning home from the war effort, J
OEcontin-ued his service in his State and our Na-tion as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, spending some 24 years assisting his fellow Pennsylvanians. In 1997, J
OEbrought his leadership skills and his servant’s heart right here to the Halls of Congress, where he has now served for 20 years. b1915 In this role and through his service as chairman of the Values Action Team, J
OEhas been a guiding force for bringing our Judeo-Christian ethics and moral values to Washington, D.C., and he has literally been a champion for the cause of life. In Mark, chapter 10, the Lord tells us that those who aspire to leadership must be great servants. Further, in Matthew, chapter 7, we find that we are recognized by our fruits. In other words, you can tell who someone is not merely by what one says, but by what one does. J
OE, I would just say to you, sir, thank you. You have been tested, and you have shown yourself approved. We are all going to sincerely and deeply—genuinely—miss J
OEPITTS. I hope, J
OE, that as you continue in your next chapter that, in your ab-sence here, we may each have a portion of your servant’s heart, and how blessed this body will be if we do so. I just thank the gentleman so much for the opportunity to take a moment to say ‘‘thank you’’ to this giant of a leader here in Congress and how we will deeply miss him. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank my good friend for his very eloquent remarks about our great friend and col-league, the distinguished J
OEPITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Alabama, R
OBERT ADER-
HOLT . Mr. ADERHOLT. I appreciate the time to come to honor JOEPITTS. Con-gressman S
MITH, I appreciate your or-ganizing this evening so we could thank J
OEPITTS for his many years of service to not only this Chamber, but also to the public in general. Madam Speaker, of course, J
OEis re-tiring after 20 years of service to this institution and to the American peo-ple. He served, as has been said, 24 years in the Pennsylvania Legislature. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, J
OE P
ITTS, is a hero for conservatives. He fights daily for families, for unborn children, and for persecuted Christians around the world. I know firsthand about his work for persecuted Christians because one of the first overseas trip opportunities that I had as a Member of Congress was to travel with J
OEPITTS to the country of Egypt to advocate on behalf of per-secuted Christians. I had the chance to sit there with J
OEas we both talked about the plight of the Coptic Chris-tians in the country of Egypt. We sat across the table from Hosni Mubarak, who, at the time, was the President of Egypt, and we let him know of the con-cerns that we had and that the Amer-ican people had for Christians who were treated unfairly for no other rea-son than because of their beliefs and their faith. J
OEPITTS has been a friend and a col-league since we were first elected. He and I were first elected back in 1996. We started here in January of 1997. He has worked tirelessly as chairman of the Values Action Team since the late 1990s. That was when Newt Gingrich had asked him to work on pro-life, pro- family issues. He has been an active, leading member of the Pro-Life Cau-cus, along with Congressman S
MITH, since that time. I also had the opportunity to work with J
OEon OSCE issues, the Organiza-tion for Security and Co-operation of Europe. We would meet in the par-liamentary assembly once a year with other parliamentarians to try to work on issues. I can tell you the pro-life issue and trying to protect the unborn and the family has been at the fore-front of those issues with him as well with the OSCE. I want to take a minute to thank his staff. Over the years, they have worked hand in glove with Congressman P
ITTS. They have been champions for the con-servative causes over the last 20 years alone here in the House of Representa-tives, and we will certainly miss work-ing with them as they go on to the next chapters of their lives. Again, I wish J
OEPITTS all the best as he moves on to the next phase of his life. I certainly pray that he and his wife, Ginny, will have, maybe, a slight-ly slower pace as they go back to Penn-sylvania. I know that J
OE, in whatever next chapter of life he is involved, will be involved in protecting families; he will be protecting the unborn—the most vulnerable—and he will be mak-ing sure that he does what he feels is in the best interest of this country. I wish JOEPITTS and his family all the best in the many years to come. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman. Madam Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished gentlewoman from Tennessee, D
IANE BLACK . Mrs. BLACK. I thank the gentleman for yielding, my good friend, who is also very involved in protecting life and families, and I appreciate his work in this area as well. Madam Speaker, I rise to honor my friend and colleague, Congressman J
OE P
ITTS, on his upcoming retirement from the House of Representatives. As a former teacher, Congressman P
ITTS spent years investing in the next generation of leaders, and as an Air Force captain, with three tours of duty in Vietnam, he was on the front lines of protecting the freedoms that we talk about in this Chamber every day. His service in Congress, now span-ning nearly 20 years, will be marked by a quiet strength and a steady leader-ship that always sought solutions over attention, and that ran towards an-swers instead of running to the cam-eras. Congressman P
ITTS was never the loudest person in the room, but often-times he may very well have been the wisest. As the founder of the Values Action Team, Congressman P
ITTS created a platform to build stronger relation-ships between value-oriented Members of Congress and grassroots organiza-tions that shared those same prin-ciples. Through his appointment as the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, Congressman P
ITTS worked to advance real-world healthcare solutions that empowered patients, not bureaucrats. I will always be most grateful to Con-gressman P
ITTS for his fearless, un-flinching defense of our Nation’s un-born. From his own legislation, like Protect Life Act, to his invaluable leadership in the fight to pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, to his work on the Select Inves-tigative Panel on Infant Lives, Con-gressman P
ITTS has been a champion for the voiceless and vulnerable at every turn. I thank Congressman P
ITTS for his service, for his friendship, for his guid-ance. I wish him and his wife, Ginny, and his beautiful family all the best in the next chapter of their lives. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentlewoman very much for those very, very eloquent remarks. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Illinois, R
ANDY HULTGREN . Mr. HULTGREN. I thank my very good friend, C
HRIS SMITH, for doing this. Madam Speaker, it is such a privilege to serve in this amazing place. Some of us have the opportunity—really, the blessing—to be able to meet our heroes. Some of us have the greater blessing of being able to actually not only get to meet them, but to work with our he-roes; and those very special few get to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.126 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7386 December 7, 2016 
become friends with our heroes. That is the feeling I have with J
OEPITTS. J
OEPITTS is truly a mentor to me, a hero to me, someone who has served so well in every step of his lifetime. I am here to honor him tonight, to thank him for his service, and to let him know that we are forever grateful. J
OEPITTS is known for many things. Clearly, he is a man of faith. Faith is such a part of his life—his love for God, his love for Jesus Christ. His passion for serving Him influences everything he does. I also love J
OEPITTS’ commit-ment and love for his family. J
OEand his wife have had a long tradition—for many years—of having grandkids camp, where they will have grandkids—no parents allowed—come and be with them for a week. They will take special trips, do special training, raise up the grandkids to love God, to love this Nation, and to share the val-ues that are so important to J
OEand his family. I am also so grateful for his service here in this Congress. J
OEhas been faithful over his years. He was tapped early on to be the leader of the Values Action Team so as to recognize that our values are so important. We need champions every single day to be look-ing out and to be making sure that we are passing legislation that reflects our values—the values of our Founders, the values of so many who have led throughout our Nation—and to be making sure that we are going in the right direction as we go forward. J
OE has been faithful there as well—a champion for life, a champion for the persecuted, especially for the religious persecuted around the world. He has been fighting for them, stepping up for them, making sure that their voices are heard. Fighting for the unborn is something that is a passion—a big part—of J
OE’s life as well. I am forever grateful to have had the privilege not only to meet J
OEPITTS, to get to know J
OEPITTS, but to say that J
OEis a friend of mine. J
OE, thank you for your service to America. Thank you for your love for your God and for your family. Thank you for all that you have done to make America this wonderful place and for leaving not only a heritage, but such a rich challenge as we go forward to pro-tect the wonderful values that we enjoy. We appreciate you. God bless you, J
OE, and God bless America. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman from Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. I thank Mr. S MITH. I really appreciate his efforts in hon-oring J
OEPITTS here tonight and all of the gentleman’s efforts over the many years in sticking up for the values that really are important; so I thank the gentleman for that. Madam Speaker, indeed, it is a night to recognize our leader of the Values Action Team, Mr. J
OEPITTS, and all of his dedication to these important causes for our values, which are the things that, I like to say, are going to be remembered long past all the other stuff we do—the fiscal-related things and some other things—that nobody will remember. I like to think they will remember that we stood up for the things that were truly important to families, to the things that endure over time; so being able to join in tonight in recognizing our friend from Pennsyl-vania is a privilege for me as it was to be able—and it is—to work with JOE. Over the few short years I have been in the House, I have gotten to know what he is about, and I respect him greatly as a man of faith and courage in standing against the tide that is pretty unpopular these days, a lot of times, in this era of political correct-ness where what is up is down and what is down is up. He stood in there on some very difficult issues—on life, on basic liberties, on moral conscience, and even on religious conscience. He joined in on some issues from crazy California sometimes, where I come from, in helping to fight a battle there that would allow people to have reli-gious freedom and freedom of con-science. Again, I think a cornerstone of the founding of this country has been lost a lot of times here, in recent rein-terpretations, as to what I think true, traditional values are. He has given that voice to the un-born. He stood side by side with the Little Sisters of the Poor in their di-rect fight for religious liberty. He de-fended the conscience of Americans who should never be forced to finance something that goes against one of the very principles our Nation was founded on—life—with their religious convic-tions. J
OEPITTS, when it comes down to protecting conservative values in our government or outside of it, there was no issue too small, too insignificant, or anything that he would shy away from. Indeed, he inspires us to be bold, to stand up for those who can’t always speak for themselves or who have been beaten down by political correctness to even be able to speak for themselves. We need these conservative values. We need visions like J
OEPITTS has always exhibited. To have been able to have worked beside him these years I have been here in the House, it has been a privilege, and I appreciate his work and his courage in being fearless against a tide that sometimes I can’t under-stand. At the end of all of this, I think some of the most rewarding words and the ones that we can try and express here tonight—but that will be expressed in a bigger place—is: well done, good and faithful servant. God bless J
OEPITTS. Again, we thank him for his service on the Values Ac-tion Team and for all he has stood for, and I am proud to be able to stand be-side him. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank my good friend from California for his very, very fine remarks. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, as there are a number of Members who would like to submit, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to insert extraneous mate-rials on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, it is hard to imagine a Con-gress without the incomparable J
OE P
ITTS—a remarkable and highly ac-complished lawmaker, a distinguished statesman, a man of principle and bed-rock moral conviction and a Christian, who faithfully seeks to do God’s will on Earth as it is in Heaven no matter the cost, no matter the sacrifice, no matter the hardship. b1930 As I think some of my colleagues know—particularly those who know him well—J
OEwas born in Kentucky into a family of strong Christian faith, a faith that has been passed on to his own three children; Carol, Karen, and Daniel. J
OE’s father was an Army chaplain during World War II, serving in the South Pacific after the war. The elder Pitts returned to the Philippines with his wife and children to serve as a mis-sionary in a war-ravaged country. It was there that J
OEsaw the after effects of war; and that so profoundly affected him, he developed a heart there for human rights and a commitment to a strong national defense. After high school, J
OEattended As-bury College in Kentucky, as my friend and colleague earlier pointed out. He met Virginia—Ginny, as we know her— a wonderful lady. My wife Marie and I and J
OEand Ginny have traveled and have been together many times. She is just a wonderful wife of a half a cen-tury. Again, they not only have three children but a number of grandchildren as well. J
OEtaught math, science, English, and physical education, as well as coached basketball. He served 5
1⁄2years in the United States Air Force, includ-ing three tours in Vietnam. He was the EW officer, electronic warfare officer, on a B–52 and completed 116 combat missions and earned the Air Medal with five oak leaf clusters. Here in Washington, J
OEhas worked hard helping political prisoners, in-cluding people like Saeed Abedini and other Christian and non-Christian— Jewish and other religious and polit-ical prisoners around the world. He has been tenacious in promoting prayer breakfasts all around the world so that members of parliaments and congresses from many countries would know the blessings of fellowship and prayer and being in touch with God. He even traveled to Mongolia for the first prayer breakfast in the late 1990s. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.128 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7387 December 7, 2016 
JOEleads an ambassadors’ prayer breakfast fellowship at the Cedars, right nearby in northern Virginia. I have had the privilege to join him for those breakfasts on occasions. It is a time for ambassadors to get together from all over the world—different re-gions meeting at different times, some-times many from many regions—to break bread, to talk about the Scrip-tures with some emphasis on policy but mostly about how God does minister to us, how forgiving He is, and how all of us are in need of reconciliation. And J
OEPITTS is there leading that fellow-ship and has been doing it for decades. J
OEhas been a leader in the fight against ongoing human rights abuses in Western Sahara and elsewhere. He is co-chair of the Lantos Human Rights Commission. And in Congress, of course, we know he has served in a number of key leadership positions, in-cluding his current position as chair-man of the Health Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee, obviously working on so many impor-tant issues on diseases and disabilities. Top officials from the healthcare sys-tem present themselves before his com-mittee for his review and oversight. He has been a problem-solver—he and his staff, working across the aisle to try to find solutions to these often vexing issues of health care. On the greatest human rights issue of our time—protecting unborn babies and their mothers from the violence of abortion—J
OEPITTS has not only saved countless precious lives and fostered reconciliation and hope for post-abor-tive women, but he has also been an ex-traordinary inspiration to all of us in Congress. The way he comports himself. He never gets angry. He deals with the issue in a way that reaches out to peo-ple who may have a different view in the hopes that they will see the wis-dom of protecting the innocent and most vulnerable. J
OEhas been a leader on every pro- life congressional policy—bills, amend-ments, administrative actions—since he won his seat in Congress in 1996. We are grateful for his powerful voice and vote on ending the hideous method called partial birth abortion; enacting multiple annual abortion funding bans; proscribing sex selection abortion, which is the ultimate violation of women’s rights to say: you are suscep-tible to killing because you happen to be female; protecting pain-capable un-born children as well as born-alive in-fants; and enforcing the conscience rights of pro-life Americans has been remarkable. His leadership has been re-markable. Had the Senate adopted the House- passed Pitts-Stupak amendment, ObamaCare, with all of its egregious flaws, would have at least been abor-tion-free. J
OEPITTS has been the greatest friend and ally of persons with disabil-ities, including his robust defense of Terri Schiavo. His service in the Pennsylvania Gen-eral Assembly from 1973–1997, including his chairmanship of the powerful Ap-propriations Committee, to which he was elected by his peers, was filled with accomplishments, including his bold leadership in enacting the Abor-tion Control Act. Someday future generations will look back on America’s culture of death and wonder how and why a seemingly en-lightened society, so blessed with civil rights protections, wealth, educational opportunities, information, medical breakthroughs, a free press, and a strong and diverse faith community could have allowed 60 million unborn children to be killed by abortion. When the day comes and legal protec-tions for the weak and the most vul-nerable are restored, I believe future generations of Americans will remem-ber and celebrate the tenacious heroes, the human rights heroes of today, peo-ple like Henry Hyde, compassionate women like Mother Teresa, and JOE P
ITTS, who persevered, prayed, and worked tenaciously on behalf of the least of these. St. Francis once famously said: Al-ways preach the gospel, and when nec-essary, use words. By his example, by his perpetual ra-diating of Christ—just look at his eyes; there is kindness and compassion and empathy in J
OEPITTS’ eyes—he has in-spired all of us to strive to do His will on Earth, as it is in Heaven. And it is a distinct privilege and honor to be known as one of J
OEPITTS’ friends. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, J
OEPITTS is a man whose faith and values, I believe, animate him to protect life in all its stages. Through his decades of service both in the military and public office—and as a dedicated husband and dad—Congressman J
OEPITTS has nurtured, protected, and preserved the lives of others. First, as a young married man and a public school teacher, he nurtured the intellectual life of his students. Then, so that he could better support his wife and children, he signed up for Officer Training School. As an Air Force Captain, he did three tours in Vietnam over a five and a half year period, completing 116 combat missions throughout that time, and earning an Air Medal with five oak leaf clusters. Once again, J
OErisked his own life to protect the lives of others. After retiring from military service, J
OEre- turned to teaching, and in 1972, he com-menced his 24-year tenure as a PA State Representative, where he was known for being a key advocate of the 1990 Abortion Control Act. In 1997, J
OEbecame a member of Con-gress, and understanding that from the family springs new life, he was asked to chair the pro-family Values Action Team. Throughout his service at the state and fed-eral level, he has worked to improve the lives of others by exercising fiscal responsibility. As a member of the House Armed Services Com-mittee, he fougtht to improve our military read-iness, so that our service members can better protect American lives. I know that each of us here today honoring J
OEfeel that he has touched our lives, both as a colleague and as a friend. He has touched the lives of countless others through his serv-ice. I wish him all the best in the years to come, and, after decades of serving the lives of oth-ers, that he enjoys time with his family, espe-cially his grandchildren. f 
RETIRING MEMBERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I am honored to be here this evening to talk about the remarkable records of five individuals who are retiring from the Congress. I have had the honor of chairing the California Democratic del-egation for many years; and these five Members—Representative S
AMFARR, Representative L
OISCAPPS , Represent-ative L
ORETTA SANCHEZ , Representa-tive M
IKEHONDA , and Representative Janice Hahn—are going home to Cali-fornia after serving distinguished ca-reers here in the House. 
THE HONORABLE SAM FARR  
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I will start with my near neighbor, who has served since 1993. He came in in a special election, and that is Congress-man S
AMFARR. He has honorably rep-resented the central coast of California for more than 40 years and here in Con-gress for the last 23. S
AMwas born and raised in the Mon-terey County area. Before his service here in the House, he early on served in the Peace Corps in Colombia, and his wonderful fluent Spanish is a product of his Peace Corps service in Colombia. To this day, he has a special soft spot for that country. As the ranking member on the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, he has championed safe and nutritious food for consumers, farmers, and producers. He has made sure that the need of getting fresh food into school lunches has never been far from our thoughts, and he has had remark-able success there, which has served the health of children across the coun-try. After serving in the Peace Corps, S
AM represented his constituents on the Monterey County Board of Supervisors for 6 years. As a member of the Board of Supervisors, he continued to fight for environmental issues and for people who were disadvantaged. After that, he served in the California Legislature. S
AMfounded the bipartisan House Oceans Caucus and authored the Oceans Act, which created the U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy. He is the longest serving Democrat on the Subcommittee on Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies. And while he served on that subcommittee, he did something simply remarkable. We all know that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.130 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7388 December 7, 2016 
bases across the United States were closed under the BRAC system, and one of those bases was the Fort Ord mili-tary base. It is the biggest California base, and it left a hole in that county. What S
AMdid was, he worked with the local community to make sure that that base could be repurposed to good use, and he led the effort to make the Cal State University at Monterey a re-ality at Fort Ord. S
AMis a former chair of the congres-sional Democratic delegation and did such a great job when he chaired this group. He stands for peace, for diplo-macy. S
AMis always standing up for the little guy. And one of the things in addition to that is that he has been the photographer for House Democrats. Whenever we go anywhere, S
AMis there with his camera, and we really don’t know who is going to keep track of our activities when S
AMretires. We wish him well. We know he is going to have a great time in the se-rene beauty of the region where he grew up. He said: It is time to go home and be a grandpa. And we know that he is a wonderful grandpa. 
THE HONORABLE LOIS CAPPS  
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, L OIS C
APPS is also retiring. L OISwas sworn in on March 17, 1998. But I remember the day that her late husband, Walter Capps, passed away unexpectedly. She and Walter were on their way to the Capitol, and Walter passed away. We had an unplanned Special Order here. We were all so shocked that that had happened. And L
OISwas here with us. She later went on to run for the seat that her husband had represented really for a short time: Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, and parts of Ventura County. She has represented that area with tremendous distinction. You know, she will be the first to tell you, she never expected to be a Member of Congress. She is a former nurse, a public health advocate. She was a school nurse and still talks about the work she did as a school nurse with children. And when she got elected to Congress, she was committed to im-proving schools, to quality health care, and a cleaner environment. She built a legacy of commonsense solutions that have helped make her district, her State, and our country cleaner, healthier, and more sustainable. And here is something not everyone knows; but when they hear it, it makes so much sense. She has been voted the nicest Member of Congress over and over again, and so she is. She serves on the powerful Energy and Commerce Committee and sits on the Health Subcommittee, the Energy and Power Subcommittee, as well as the Environment and the Economy Subcommittee. She has focused on Medicare reform, the nursing shortage, mental health, the protection of our air and water. She also serves on the House Natural Resources Committee. L
OISis someone who not only serves with distinction but who is a warm friend. We will miss her greatly next Congress, but we know that she de-serves the retirement that she has earned, and she will be going home to her beautiful district. THE HONORABLE LORETTA SANCHEZ  
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, our colleague L
ORETTA SANCHEZ is a true trailblazer. Beginning with her election in 1996, where in then-Republican Or-ange County, she had an upset victory against former Representative Bob Dornan. She defeated Representative Dornan by less than 1,000 votes. b1945 When she got here, she immediately tried to do what she could for the de-fense of this Nation. She has served honorably as a senior member on the House Committee on Armed Services and the House Committee on Homeland Security and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. She is considered a leader on military and national security issues. She is also the co-chair of the Con-gressional Women in the Military Cau-cus, where she advocated for female servicemembers to serve in combat roles, and she fought to end sexual as-sault in the Armed Forces. She served on the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, where she made sure our Nation is prepared for anything, any missile or nuclear attack. Another thing that I know so well about L
ORETTA is how much she cares about human rights, and specifically her advocacy for human rights in Viet-nam. She and I have co-chaired the Congressional Caucus on Vietnam. She has gone to Vietnam, and she is a reli-able, vocal, smart, and dedicated advo-cate for human rights, for religious freedom and labor rights for people in Vietnam. Obviously a member of the Congres-sional Hispanic Caucus, she served in the past as co-chair of the Immigration Task Force. She is a spectacular per-son. I will miss her a great deal, and I am thinking about who do I go to on the committee to talk about the nerdy but important things like the National Ignition Facility and big science projects that are also part of the armed services. She has served her country so well. 
THE HONORABLE MIKE HONDA  
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, M
IKEHONDA will also be going home. I have had the honor of knowing M
IKE H
ONDA for many decades. As a matter of fact, I think I first met M
IKEwhen he was serving on the planning com-mission of the city of San Jose, ap-pointed by then-Mayor Norm Mineta, who later became a Member of Con-gress. He was later elected to the San Jose Unified School Board, and then to the Santa Clara County Board of Su-pervisors. In fact, M
IKEand I served to-gether on the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors. Many of us know his history. During World War II, M
IKEHONDA and his fam-ily spent 3 years imprisoned in an in-ternment camp for Japanese Ameri-cans. That experience, I think, was the beginning of the fuel for his zeal in his fight for civil rights, for public service, and against discrimination. We will miss him because, although we have a very distinguished member in DORIS M
ATSUI , who was actually born in an internment camp, I believe that M
IKE H
ONDA is the last of our Members who actually was old enough to remember being in that internment camp. We have discussions in our country today about locking up people based on their ethnicity or their religious be-liefs. It is important that people like M
IKE HONDA can stand up and say America made a mistake. America apologized for that mistake. Let’s never make that mistake again. M
IKEserves on the House Committee on Appropriations and is serving now as the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies. In that position, he played a key role with me and Congresswoman A
NNA ESHOO in helping to locate the Patent Office in San Jose and to make sure that the De-partment of Justice has the resources to address the backlog in rape kits. He also serves on the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies. He is chair emeritus of the Congres-sional Asian Pacific American Caucus, the founding chair of the Congressional Caucus to End Bullying, the vice chair of the Congressional Progressive Cau-cus, and the Congressional LGBT Equality Caucus. In fact, he spent many years fighting anti-Muslim big-otry and discrimination against the LGBT community. 
THE HONORABLE JANICE HAHN  
Ms. LOFGREN. Finally, I want to mention our friend Janice Hahn, who took office just, I think, this week as a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. Janice was elect-ed to Congress in 2011 and immediately made strong contributions to her dis-trict in a short time. But the story of Janice doesn’t begin with her election to Congress. It begins long before that. Her father, Supervisor Kenny Hahn, served longer as a member of the board of supervisors than anyone in the his-tory of the United States; and Janice tells stories of growing up with her fa-ther and understanding that public service means getting down and actu-ally talking with your constituents, providing direct services to them. He had a tremendous influence on her, and she served on the Los Angeles City Council before she ran for Congress successfully. Here, Janice served on the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure, where she did important things like helping to pass the Na-tional Freight Network Trust Fund Act to increase investments in port and freight network infrastructure. As 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.131 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7389 December 7, 2016 
a result of her efforts, the harbor main-tenance trust fund provided over $1 bil-lion in resources to operate more effi-ciently and remain globally competi-tive. The Port of Long Beach, which she represented in Congress and now as a Los Angeles County supervisor, moves more than $180 billion of goods each year and is the second busiest seaport in the United States. She has always made sure that that port got the re-sources necessary to be efficient not only for the need for business in her district, but recognizing that the goods that come through that port help sup-port the economy across the United States. She served also on the Committee on Small Business, where she worked to improve access to loans for small busi-nesses to improve job creation. She co-founded the bipartisan Congressional Ports Opportunity, Renewal, Trade, and Security Caucus, the PORTS Cau-cus, and she also served with J
IMCOSTA  and me on the California High-Speed Rail Caucus, where she championed the California high-speed rail project, which will improve transportation in California and reduce traffic conges-tion and airport wait times. Janice Hahn is someone who really cared about her district in Congress, but her district in Congress is tiny compared to the district she represents on the L.A. County Board of Super-visors. We know that she will do a ter-rific job there. Many also know her as someone who was very involved in the prayer break-fast movement here in Congress. She made many friends across the aisle as she did that, and we will miss her. We know that we will see all of these fine individuals when we go home, as we do every week to California. Now before calling on my colleague Mr. F
ARR, I would also like to note that the timing of this was a little bit different than we had expected, and a lot of Members have statements. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous material into the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I yield to S
AMFARR. Mr. FARR. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. This is probably the last time I rise on this floor to speak after 23 years of serving here. It may take me a little more than 5 minutes. Ms. LOFGREN. That is all right. Mr. FARR. My daughter is on the way with my grandkids, who are trying to watch this. Maybe we can delay it a little more than that. Madam Speaker, I want to thank Ms. L
OFGREN for her leadership in the Cali-fornia delegation. She is the head of the Democratic side of the aisle in our caucus from California, the largest caucus just the Democrats alone. I would just like to point out what the politics of the West has done since I first got elected in 1975. I arrived here, and there were an even number of Democrats and Repub-licans representing California. Today there are 39 Democrats, and that is be-cause the State has really shifted in their registration and voting. So the California Democratic delegation, it is interesting that ZOEis the chair of be-cause it is the most diverse delegation in Congress: majority women, the high-est delegation of Hispanics, of women, of Asians, and I would like to say with, M
IKEHONDA and Mr. G ARAMENDI and myself, the largest delegation of re-turned Peace Corps volunteers. It has been quite a change in the 23 years that I have been in Congress. I first arrived in 1993. I was the last guy in the door here because Leon Pa-netta, my predecessor, had been elected in the 1992 election, sworn in to the Congress that January; and then when President Clinton was sworn in for his first term, he turned around and ap-pointed Leon Panetta to be head of the Office of Management and Budget. Leon resigns on that day, notifies Gov-ernor Wilson, who declares a special election. Interesting enough, in the special elections in California, it is an open election, so the highest vote getter from each party at the time would be in the runoff, and 27 people filed. I was in the state assembly. They said: You file and you will clear the field. No, it didn’t happen at all. It was quite a primary, and it ended up with a June election; and on June 15, I think I was sworn here, right in this very spot, to the United States Congress. What was interesting is I was the 435th Member of Congress, the last per-son, and today I think my seniority ranks me around 50, from 51 to 55. So it takes 23 years to move from the bot-tom slot all the way up to the top 50 or so slots in this House. It has been a very interesting experience. This truly is—and I have seen it through all the years—a representa-tional democracy. There are all kinds of people in Congress with all kinds of issues: personal issues, family issues, financial issues. It really is representa-tional of the society we live in. One thing in common is that they all want to serve the public; they want to serve this country. That service, particularly in this House, because we are representatives, we serve districts. Madam Chair was a former county supervisor, as I was, and I like jokingly saying that, frankly, be-cause we all serve districts, we are like 435 county supervisors back here. We are more concerned about our district than the whole country. That is a strength for the constitu-ents of the district, to be able to have direct access to their elected Members of Congress. It is probably a drawback when you are trying to draw the whole country into a common purpose. It is very difficult to get at least 218 people to agree, and that is the challenge here. I have had the privilege of serving on the Agriculture Committee, the De-fense Committee, the Resources Com-mittee, and, in the last 20 or so years, on the Appropriations Committee. It has been a wonderful experience be-cause you are able to really get in-volved in the Appropriations Com-mittee with all the details of running government. I am ranking member, the chief Dem-ocrat on the Agriculture Sub-committee of the Appropriations Com-mittee, and our budget for that com-mittee is about the same as the entire budget for the State of California. That is an agency which was created by Abraham Lincoln. It was created to es-sentially deal with the home ec of westward expansion. So all of the rural development, the rural poverty programs, are in the De-partment of Agriculture. Plus you have ag attaches in every Embassy in the United States, in the world. You have the commodities futures exchange. You have Wall Street. You have everything in that committee and it is really in-teresting, and the biggest feeding pro-gram through food stamps, the WIC program, Food for Peace, and so on. I have been able to do a lot in chang-ing policies so that we got fresh fruits and vegetables, and trying to get them in every school lunch program in the United States. That is good for Cali-fornia agriculture, and it is, more im-portantly, good for the kids of this Na-tion. I have had the privilege of being, I think, the only one in this House to create a national park during my serv-ice. The Pinnacles National Park was the 59th national park created in the history of this country. We have done a big expansion of ocean protection with the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary. We have created a visitors center for that sanctuary. We have created, for the De-partment of Fish and Wildlife, a center in Santa Cruz. We have created a brand-new univer-sity out of the largest base closure that ever happened in the history of the United States, with the closure of Fort Ord. Cal State Monterey Bay is really up and coming, about 7,000 students, a great university, really reaching out to the underserved populations of Cali-fornia. I have been able to raise the pay for Federal workers in my district, what they call the locality pay. I have been able to, I think, save the Naval Postgraduate School and the De-fense Language Institute from being closed or reorganized, realigned to other States. The list goes on and on. I think what I am most proud of is the fact that I have had such incredible staff. I would just like to take a mo-ment to tell you about Rochelle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.132 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7390 December 7, 2016 
Dornatt, my chief of staff, who has been with me for 23 years; Debbie Mer-rill; Troy Phillips; Tom Tucker; Sam Chiron; Dushani De Silva; Zoe Gentes, who is a Sea Grant fellow in my office; Rosie Julin; and Ana Sorrentino, who is my foreign service staffer. b2000 On my district staff, Alec Arago, Ca-rina Chavez, Nancy DeSerpa, Bertha Munoz, Kristen Petersen, and Alicia Castro. Kristen Petersen just got elect-ed to the Capitola City Council. All of these people are moving on as I leave tomorrow, and I am very ex-cited that they were part of my life. Just in closing, I would like to say that my daughter, Jessica, is here in the cloakroom, I hope, and she has with her my grandson, Zachary, and my granddaughter, Ella. I am so pleased that they could be here and share this moment with me. Congress is a great experience. It is the check and balance. It is the initiator of new ideas. It is the people’s House. And I just hope that as Mem-ber’s face this next uncertainty of a new administration—there is always uncertainty, and probably more so now with the controversial election we had in this country, but I really hope that this House will rise to the occasion to not let the people down. We fight for all kinds of wonderful reasons. This House, the people’s House, has really got to protect the people. So I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time for me to make a few comments. I am sure that I will have a lot more that I would love to say, but I include in the R
ECORD a list that I have here of over 20 years of getting re-sults for the 20th Congressional Dis-trict. 
OVER20 Y EARS OF GETTING RESULTS .  ...  Helping change things for the better while in Congress doesn’t just mean passing bills, though Sam Farr did a lot of that. It means looking for every opportunity—to form part-nerships, to push for White House involve-ment, to secure earmarks, and even on occa-sion, to block others from interfering in the district’s welfare. Sam Farr did all this while in Congress and will continue to do so until the day he leaves. There is never a time when Sam Farr is not working for the best interests of the community. He leaves an indelible mark on the district that will have long-term, wide- ranging impact now and far into the future. 
Item Approximate Date 
Authored federal organic standards legislation/law .. 2002 
Got WH to include Salinas in its Violence Prevention strategy (to fight gangs). 2010–present. 
Helped legislate the RCI program, which has rebuilt military housing at Fort Ord (now the Ord Military Community).2001–ongoing. 
Monterey Bay Sanctuary Trail ..................................... 2001–present. 
Obtained approval of VA cemetery at Fort Ord .......... 1993–2014 
NMFS lab in Santa Cruz ............................................. 1996–2002 
Provided approximately $65 million, total, to under-write the new CSUMB. 1994–1999 
Oceans 21/National Ocean Policy ............................... 2000/2014 
Helped negotiate, then got $$ for Salinas Valley Water Reclamation project and the Castroville Water Intrusion project.1994–95 
Opened up DLI to civilian students on a selected, space-available basis. 1994 
Congressional Travel & Tourism Caucus .................... 1997–present. 
White House Oceans Conference ................................ 1998 
Prevented closure of local Social Security office ....... 1999 Item Approximate Date 
Transfer of EDD-owned building via DOL to city of Salinas for child care center. 1999 
Creation of the center for stabilization and recon-struction studies; also a permanent office within the State Department.2000 
Got WH to use Antiquities Act to establish Coastal National Monument. 2000 
House Oceans Caucus ................................................ 2000–present. 
Marine Protected Area center in Santa Cruz .............. 2000 
Plan Colombia (revising aid for local capacity growth). 2000 
Annual Citizenship ceremonies ................................... 2001(?)–present. 
Cleaned up FUDS at Monterey Airport ........................ 2001 
Got Fair Trade Sustainable Coffee mandated for House restaurant facilities. 2001 
Wilderness bill (Ventana, Silver Peak) ....................... 2001 
Prevented the Navy from expanding bombing runs at Fort Hunter Liggett. 2002 
Provided the funds (via earmark) for a new Olympic- sized public pool in Salinas. 2002 
Created the U.S. Travel & Tourism Board .................. 2003 
Legislated FHL lands into permanent status as a national forest under the direction of the Forest Service if FHL is ever surplussed by the military.2004 
Moved FORA policy from 0% affordable housing to a minimum of 20%. 2004 
Passed a law making California Missions eligible for federal restoration/rehabilitation grants. 2004 
Won locality pay for federal workers in Monterey County. 2004 
Environmental Services Contract Agreement—Fort Ord (clean up complete). 2006–2014 
Golf carts for the disabled at military golf courses .. 2006 
Transferred Pt. Pinos Lighthouse to City of Pacific Grove. 2006 
Established the Center for Homeland Defense and Security at NPS. 2007 
Organized Team Monterey—all DOD entities in Mon-terey County. 2007 
A Salad Bar in Every School ....................................... 2008 
Launched the Civilian Response Corps ...................... 2008 
Negotiated the swap of lands at Fort Ord (‘‘Stilwell Kidney’’) to allow the expansion of military hous-ing and a new ‘‘gateway’’ for the City of Seaside.2008 
Saved post office in Aromas from closure ................. 2008 
Finalized new VA/DOD health clinic (now under con-struction). 2012 
Got WH to use Antiquities Act to establish Fort Ord National Monument. 2012 
Legislated elevation of Pinnacles National Monument to full National Park status. 2012 
Marine debris bill (became law) ................................ 2012 
Saved DLI, NPS from BRAC ........................................ 1995, 2005 
Legislated the Economic Development Conveyance for BRAC properties. 1993, 2009 
‘‘Monterey Model’’ for contracting municipal services at military bases. 2000, 2012 
Secured increased per diems for government rates in the district. 2003, 2012 
Proud to be An American Act (became law) .............. 1996, 2006, 2008 
Santa Cruz Visitors Center ......................................... 2012 
Helped break the logjam on H–2A visas for local growers during the government shutdown, ensur-ing a sufficient workforce for the holiday growing & harvest season.2013 
Overcame the government shutdown that had closed off parking for the annual Jade Festival in Big Sur.2013 
Passed a bill in the House (and sent it to the Sen-ate) to name the new VA-DOD health clinic after Gen. Bill Gourley.2013 and 2014 
Approximate total dollars brought in to the district in 22 years (appropriations only, not formula money).$1,016,000,000+ 
Approximate number of constituent letters answered in 22 years. 511,000 
Pajaro River flood prevention ..................................... Multi-year. 
Provided nearly $7 million to Salinas/Monterey Coun-ty to fight gangs. Various. 
San Clemente Dam—working toward removal .......... Multi-year. 
Secured waivers for Salinas and Hollister so they can get Rural Development money. Various, on-going. 
Authored legislation on medical marijuana that be-came law. 2014, 2015 
Forced FAA to review the SAFR flight plan over Santa Cruz (on-going). 2015 
Secured the funds to renovate the ‘‘Low Water Bridge’’ at Fort Hunter Liggett. 2015 
Locked in $56.3 million from previous appropriations for a new barracks at DLI. 2015 
Saved PEPRA funds for Monterey-Salinas Transit ..... 2015 
Guaranteed a new ARS station would be built in Sa-linas by USDA. 2015 
Reinstated $7.2 million in funding for NOAA’s B-WET program. 2015 
Engineered the highest appropriations level for the Peace Corps in its history (410 million). 2015 
Got the House to pass H.R. 1838 to allow the rec-reational use of BLM land at Clear Creek as a public recreation area.2016 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I think the comments the gentleman has made show what a difference a Member of Congress can make in the lives of his or her constituents. One of the things I will say as S
AM leaves is that we have joint swearing-in sessions around the Fourth of July. SAMwas born on the Fourth of July. Some of the most memorable moments I have are in Gilroy, with hundreds of people wanting to become American citizens. The remarkable thing about our country is that we have 200 people walk in from 150 countries, and they walk out the citizens of just one coun-try. S
AMhas been a leader in immigra-tion, the environment, and so many things, and we honor him and respect him for his service to our country. Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I passed leg-islation called Proud to be an Amer-ican Day. I was hoping that we could do that on the morning of the Fourth of July, but, because it is a Federal holiday, the Federal immigration peo-ple don’t work that day. So we have been scheduling this around the Fourth of July and days before. It has been a huge turnout. It is the largest turnout for press because there are so many interesting people to interview. I really appreciate the gen-tlewoman coming as an immigrant family and talking about her family background. It has been a highlight to see the smiles and enthusiasm of a day when we are really proud to be Ameri-cans. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS), a distinguished Member of the Armed Services Committee and the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, as the only member from the 53rd District, the only district that is 53rd in the country—the highest number district ever—and I am so aware of the size and scope of California and its con-gressional delegation. We have such a wide range of talents and perspectives and contributions that California Members bring to this body. As we see the 114th Congress now come to a close, we have more depart-ing Members than many delegations have in the first place. So I am here to talk about some of them. We are losing leaders, we are losing friends and mentors, Members whom we have looked to and served beside. We are losing Members who have been so influential as they have shared to make their passion to make lives bet-ter, each in their own way. As we bid them farewell, I want to take this mo-ment to pay tribute to five members that I am going to dearly miss. The first one is L
OISCAPPS . LOIShas really been an example and a role model for how to be the quintessential Congresswoman. She is generous, classy, hardworking, collaborative, and never afraid to stand up for people who are in need. One of the things about L
OISthat we all know is she has a lock on the Nicest Member of Congress award, and that is for a really good reason. She has been very helpful to me, and my staff, from the minute I came to Congress. I came a few years after she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.134 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7391 December 7, 2016 
did. Since then, they have been helpful whenever we needed them. I certainly will miss her leadership, her perspec-tive as a nurse and a healthcare advo-cate, and our region’s voice on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee. She has always looked out for and de-livered for women, kids, consumers, and anyone who has had problems with healthcare coverage. On that com-mittee, she really has been a leader on the environment and a leader in pro-moting clean energy and green tech-nology. Everybody knows L
OIShere on the floor. We all just look for her assurance and her smile all the time. S
AMFARR just spoke a few minutes ago. He really is a Member that you look to for results. I learned about S
AMwhen I was a member of the California legislature. One year, when the California members came to visit our Members of Congress, Sam was there to greet us. I remember having discussions with him. I think we were both chairing Consumer Af-fairs at one time in the State legisla-ture and so we became kind of fast friends. S
AMwas also one of my walking bud-dies. There were a few years there where we walked often in the morning, meeting about six o’clock. We had a gang of us who went down to the park. We were there always talking and hav-ing a good time and really sharing our experience here. One thing we all know about S
AMis that he was a legendary photo taker. I can assure you, whenever you see S
AM wandering down here on the floor, he was often bringing pictures of people from one event or another that he had taken. They were great mementos. I know that we all treasured them dear-ly. S
AMis known from Monterrey, which he represents, to Colombia. Every-where he goes, he speaks to people. Often, if you travel with S
AM, you know how hard it is to get him moving because he really wants to stop and talk to everybody along the way. S
AMwas really shaped by his service in the Peace Corps and dedicated him-self to giving back and looking at tough issues from a global perspective. He has been an earmark and appropria-tions leader. His staff made him a book of accomplishments, and it was so thick. There were so many things that they had to share about S
AMand what he has accomplished. Just like my colleague had said, he really stands for how we can work hard and we can get things done, especially when we know how to work with peo-ple. And S
AMknows how to do that. That is why he has such a great, thick binder and lots of wonderful pictures. S
AMhas been a leader in the fight against offshore drilling and a smart thinker when it comes to BRAC solu-tions. I also want to talk about L
ORETTA  S
ANCHEZ . As my Armed Services col-league, my housemate, and Longworth neighbor, LORETTA is someone I really got to see a lot of. In this kind of funny button-down town we have, L
ORETTA is really a breath of fresh air. We know she is never afraid to be herself, and she is not like anyone else who has ever served. She surprised people when she came to Congress after a very long-shot cam-paign that really wasn’t decided for months after she came here. Of course, she has never been afraid to take on a tough-odds fight. She was one of the first younger women before we had a lot of women coming here to Con-gress—women who had young chil-dren—who were really in their earlier years. A lot of us waited until we were later in our careers, but not L
ORETTA . She came when she was really a young woman. L
ORETTA is famous, of course, for her holiday cards and a lot of things that I just can’t repeat right now, and for being one of the smartest, thoughtful, and funniest Members that we have here in Congress. I know that when San Diego groups come to town and want an interesting speaker, I always recommend L
ORETTA . I never know what she is going to say, but that is why people listen. She is someone I will dearly miss, but at least she is leaving her little sis-ter here with us in leadership, no less. We are glad to have L
INDA in that posi-tion. I want to talk about my friend, M
IKE H
ONDA . MIKEand I have been on the same path. We served in the legislature together, we campaigned in the year of George W., and we came to Congress in the same small Democratic class in 2000. Our staffs have worked very close-ly together, and he has ruled the sev-enth floor of Longworth from the same office that he has held the whole time he has been here in Congress. Like S
AMFARR, MIKEwas shaped by his service in the Peace Corps in El Salvador. He has been a warrior for jus-tice, whether it is educational justice or civil rights, and he has taken API issues to a new level and really made people aware of the struggles of Asian Americans from internment camps to POW issues to sex trafficking. M
IKEis something of a bridge as well between the generations. He has rep-resented Silicon Valley with pride and been an advocate and example of new technology. His office always crushes all of us in the Golden Mouse Web site competition, and I think he was the first Member to drive a Prius. He still has that same green Prius with a stuffed animal we see parked all over campus. More than anything, we miss stories of M
IKE’s famous karaoke nights. I hear nobody does Sinatra better. Janice Hahn. Janice actually turned out to be one of my newer colleagues from nearby LA, and I certainly hate to see her leave, but she will be a huge asset as a member of the Los Angeles Board of Supervisors. She joins a former colleague here and a former col-league of mine of the State legislature. Go girl. She is going to do tremendous work. The group of them who are in charge now at LA County, I know, will make tremendous strides for the region and for all of their constituents. It is very clear that Janice is an ex-pert on transportation and infrastruc-ture. She has helped a lot of us to un-derstand port issues and stands up for the working people who make the goods move. It is always a great privilege to trav-el with Janice. I had that opportunity on a few occasions. I am certainly glad she will be serving in elected office. She still has such a great contribution to make. So, in closing, I just want to say that we certainly are going to miss these Members for different reasons, but those of us still here will carry on their legacies and never forget the marks they have each made. I have learned from all of them, and I will try to carry on their legacies by making my New Year’s resolution to be as genuine as LOIS, as edgy as L ORETTA , as engaging as S
AM, as good at singing as M
IKE, and as spiritual as Janice. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ), who represents north of San Francisco and the north coast. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, one of the things I love about serving in Con-gress is I am always presented with new and interesting experiences. Each year brings more of these experiences, but I have already, in just 4 years, found that there is one experience I have quite enough of, and that is say-ing goodbye to incredible, irreplaceable colleagues who are just remarkable public servants. I wish them well. I am happy for them in retiring, but I am going to really miss them. Last year, we had the tough duty of saying goodbye to Henry Waxman and George Miller. This year, we have got another class of terrific people who are moving on. b2015 I am going to miss all of my Cali-fornia colleagues, including our south-ern California friends, Janice Hahn and L
ORETTA SANCHEZ ; but I want to focus the time I have on our northern Cali-fornia neighbors, starting with our great friend, S
AMFARR. A lot will be said, now and long into the future, about S
AM’s incredible pub-lic service career. People will talk about his time in Colombia in the Peace Corps, the 6 years that he spent on the Monterey County Board of Su-pervisors, his 12 years in the State as-sembly, his nearly 23 years in Congress. S
AMhas been such a dedicated and pas-sionate public servant. It is not just the duration and the breadth of those offices. It is really the quality and the character of S
AM’s service and, particu-larly, when it comes to the ocean. S
AMwas the founder of the House Oceans Caucus, and a longstanding ad-vocate for our coasts and oceans, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.136 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7392 December 7, 2016 
reminding all of us and our country, how important they are to our econ-omy. He helped lay the groundwork for a National Ocean Policy that recog-nizes that there are tens of millions of jobs across this country and trillions of dollars of economic activity that de-pend on healthy oceans. S
AMhas helped all sorts of special places throughout his career, espe-cially in the Central Coast. He has never rested on his laurels. Despite his many accomplishments—and there are too many to list here—I think it is im-portant to note that he created the Pinnacles National Park, which was signed into law in 2013. He successfully lobbied to have a na-tional monument at Fort Ord, which was designated in 2012. And S
AMhas told me many times, even in recent days, that the most satisfying part of his work here in Congress is the endur-ing part of his legacy, those permanent protections that he, through a lot of hard work and perseverance, has been able to make happen. Beyond all of this, all of these achievements, all of these offices that define S
AM’s public service career, I think it is also important to just note he is a heck of a human being. I will miss S
AM. It has been said by Susan and others that he has just al-ways got a warm smile. He greets you on the airplane. He is a pleasure to travel with. He will come up and give you a picture that he took from the last holiday party, sometimes like a year and a half earlier because he has kept it in his pocket for a long time waiting to see you. S
AM, you are just a wonderful friend and human being, and I am so honored to have served with you. So let’s talk about another great human being and public servant, L
OIS C
APPS . What I love about L OISand will deeply miss is the fact that she is a nurse to the core, and a health advo-cate. She really, as a Member of Con-gress, and as a health advocate, just walks the walk all the time, constantly advocating for affordable and acces-sible health care for all, and that in-cludes, obviously, being a champion with her work for the Affordable Care Act. She really does leave this institu-tion, I think, as one of its most re-spected members, one of the kindest members, certainly one of the ones with widespread affection from her col-leagues. That is a reputation that I think everyone in public life should strive for. L
OIS, of course, is another stalwart for California’s oceans and our coast, and has helped lead the charge against offshore drilling throughout her ten-ure. I think the part of L
OISthat I will es-pecially appreciate and especially miss is that she is my living bridge to a wonderful time in my life when I was a student at UC Santa Barbara. Of course, L
OISherself is a graduate of USCB, and I know that my fellow alumni and everyone in the UCSB com-munity is so proud of her. It is extra special because, of course, she holds the seat in Congress that was previously held by the late Walter Capps, a UCSB professor who was one of my favorite professors way back in the 1980s when I was a Gaucho student. Finally, it is tough to say good-bye, but we have to, to our great friend, MIKE HONDA , who has so ably rep-resented the Bay Area on the Appro-priations Committee. He has made sure that Congress has invested in key pri-orities for our Bay Area region. The ex-tension of BART is just one of many, many examples of M
IKE’s great work. He served in public life for more than 3 decades, from the San Jose School Board to the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors, the California Assem-bly, and here in Congress. M
IKE’s very special service draws upon his life experience. He has just been an incredible champion for civil rights and human rights and equality. He has really been our North Star, I think, here in Congress on these crit-ical issues. He has gone to bat for the AAPI com-munity, the LGBT community and, frankly, anyone who has been dis-advantaged and who needs a champion in their quest for equality. M
IKEis my neighbor here in Wash-ington. I will miss running into him. I will miss seeing that old, beat-up, first- generation Toyota Prius with all the faded stickers on the bumper. Most of all, I will just miss M
IKE’s great sense of humor, his warm smile, and his friendship; but I do know that that friendship will continue. Mr. Speaker, and my colleague, Z
OE L
OFGREN , thank you for the time to lend my voice of appreciation and grat-itude to these great, great, champions for California and for our country. We wish them well. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I had a number of other Members who had planned to be here but, because of the hour, there is a conflicting event, so they will be adding their voices to the R
ECORD . Let me just close by saying that our delegation—really, all the Congress and the public—are going to miss the distinguished service of S
AMFARR, L
OISCAPPS , LORETTA SANCHEZ , M IKE H
ONDA , and Janice Hahn. Each of them very different, but each of them made their mark in a way that will not be forgotten. We are sad to see them go, but here’s the good news: we have fresh faces coming in to replace them who are very distinguished and who will also make their mark because none of us here will be here forever. We are just passing through this people’s House in an effort to serve our country as best we can. Certainly, these Members have served that public with tremendous distinction, and we are honored to have served with them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. UNMANAGEABLE CABINET AGENCIES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LAHOOD). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 30 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to address the people’s House this evening. Last night, I talked about my initial reflections on having been a freshman Congressman spending my first term in the United States House of Representa-tives. Last evening, I talked at length about the growth of the administrative state, the expansion of executive power, to the detriment of the first branch, the legislative branch. I traced those changes from my previous serv-ice on Capitol Hill as a young man in the Senate staff of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, and then, most recently, working for President Bush 41 during his 4 years in the Presidency. Tonight I want to turn and continue that discussion with our American peo-ple, Mr. Speaker, and talk about how the cabinet agencies, since I worked for President Bush, worked in cabinet af-fairs, coordinated economic policy dur-ing the last 2 years of his Presidency from the White House staff. I want to talk tonight about those cabinet agen-cies and how, in my view, they have be-come essentially unmanageable. You can see the critical need for spending and personnel reform in many of our departments. In fact, one may assume that change is desired by both the legislative and executive branches, yet reform flounders, whether it was at the Pentagon under Secretary Rums-feld during Bush 43 or the Veterans Af-fairs Department today under the cur-rent administration. I have watched the VA for the past 2 years. Secretary McDonald’s plans changed, laws are changed, yet malfea-sance, incompetence, and worse persist. On just this Monday, Mr. Speaker, The Washington Post published a shocking report that Pentagon officials buried evidence of $125 billion in bu-reaucratic waste during 2015. For that horrific activity, they were the recipi-ent of this month’s Golden Fleece Award by my office. To make it worse, they even made the effort, according to The Wash-ington Post, of hiding this effort, knowing that it would be impetus for the Congress to come together and cut their budget. Clearly, that is a problem with an unmanageable cabinet agency. I have seen this firsthand right in Little Rock, my hometown, where the center of the Air Force’s C–130 program is, for America’s airlift, where the De-partment of the Air Force officials planned for years to transfer aircraft from Keesler Air Force Base in Mis-sissippi to Little Rock Air Force Base, basing it as a critical, cost-saving ini-tiative, along with other force struc-ture changes of some $922 million across future years of their 5-year plan. Yet, Congress’ meddling prevented this commonsense Air Force plan cost- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.138 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7393 December 7, 2016 
saving initiative. So these bureaucratic efforts in the cabinet agencies that make them, in my view, unmanageable come both from the executive and from the legislative. Looking at the Veterans Affairs De-partment, some 360,000 employees, up 140,000 in the past decade alone. About two-thirds of the members are civilian employees, are part of the American Federation of Government Employees and Service Employees International Union. These VA employees are subject to, of course, the protections by the Merit Systems Protection Board. While there are many hardworking and dedicated VA employees, both in the healthcare area, across our VA hos-pitals, and in benefits, and many union members fight for high standards and fight for high quality across our vet-erans system, the facts are stubborn things, and they remain that the VA has had serious quality, ethics, and management issues that are hurting veterans and hurting the reputation of the Federal Government. Just in this Congress alone, under the leadership of Congressman J
EFF M
ILLER , the chairman of our Veterans Affairs Committee during this Con-gress, we have seen reforms to rein in construction spending by the VA, clawback bonuses, fire bad actors, stop paying official time to do union work. We have seen, though, people not fired, even though people have died in VA health care. We have seen a $300 million hospital complex, Mr. Speaker, be $1 billion over budget; not possible, in my view, in the private sector. So there is no doubt that our cabinet agencies need reform. We talked about regulatory re-form, executive overreach reform, but we must have work rule reform in our agencies. The other thing I want to touch on tonight before I talk about solutions is just spending overall to fund the obli-gations of our Federal Government. Every month, I receive numerous let-ters about the $1.1 trillion in annual spending that Congress typically ap-proves each year. When done properly, this annual spending is approved by way of 12 appropriations bills in this body, the people’s House, and six ap-propriations bills in the Senate. They are conferenced together, and they are presented to the President for his veto or approval. The problem is that this very typical, very constitutional program that has been applied for 240 years about how to authorize and appropriate funds to op-erate our government just no longer typically happens, yet this is Congress’ most fundamental obligation under Ar-ticle I. The appropriations clause is but 16 words long. ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by law.’’ This is our job, yet the last time that all the appropriations bills were passed individually and enacted into law be-fore October 1 of a new fiscal year was 1994. My, that is a terrible track record. So this is not a President Obama issue or a President Bush issue. This is an issue of the Congress itself. Now you know why, after 20 years, I have seen so many things change, and not for the better, coming back to Washington to represent the people of central Arkan-sas. b2030 What happens without such a process of appropriations bills is what we will be voting on this week: a continuing resolution which simply freezes spend-ing at current levels and extends for-ward to a date certain, or, as an alter-native to that kind of continuing reso-lution, an omnibus spending bill where everything is rolled into one. These massive bills reflect the work, hopefully, of our House and Senate committees. They frequently contain items, Mr. Speaker, that are parachuted into the bill at the end of the negotiations between the House and the Senate, and those produce fire-works on both sides of the political spectrum. The irony about that debate of that $1.1 trillion in typical annual spending, approved by this body, is that it composes about $600 billion—50 per-cent—that goes to our national defense that funds the essential expenditures for our men and women in uniform. About $80 billion goes to our veterans and military construction projects around the United States and the world, and the balance is for every-thing else that we consider govern-ment: highway finance, local education initiatives that go to our States, our national parks, and help for our Corps of Engineers on our ports and along our rivers. What shocks the Arkansans that I re-spond to about their letters is that, while I appreciate their correspond-ence, their emails about that $1.1 tril-lion in spending, the so-called domestic discretionary spending, I remain frus-trated that Congress’ lack of action on the other $3.5 trillion that this govern-ment spends is in the mandatory spending portion of the budget. It is not subject to annual appropriations. So I thank you for your mail and your suggestions about how we can re-form spending at the Pentagon or re-form spending in our national forests or our national parks, but $3.5 trillion is in mandatory spending which funds Social Security, Social Security Dis-ability, Medicaid health care for the poor, Medicare health care for the el-derly, and interest on our national debt—and these programs are essen-tially based on eligibility. Yet, many of us remain concerned about the size of our annual deficits— the total size of our national debt—par-ticularly when you consider the size of the national debt to our total econ-omy. We currently have about $19 tril-lion in outstanding debt of the United States with about $6 trillion of that owed to foreign investors outside the U.S., principally in Japan and China. This debt is a percentage of our GDP, that is $19 trillion, which is about 100 percent of GDP. Back in my twenties, when I worked for Senator Tower from Texas on the Senate Banking Committee, debt to GDP was about 30 percent. When I worked for President Bush 41 as a member of his White House staff for economic policy, our debt was about 50 or 60 percent of GDP. Now you know why after 20 years I remain so con-cerned, because it has now doubled. There is a lot of economic research that tells us about the dampening im-pact on our national growth rates if we have national debt at these kinds of levels. It saps capital alternatives to the private sector that can bring faster growth. Clearly, since the Great Reces-sion of 2008, we have had low growth— well below what I believe should be the growth rate of this great economy. Likewise, we are at a time of low in-terest rates. Interest rates are likely on the rise. And while we are paying a modest amount of interest on that soon-to-be $19 trillion dollars today, the Congressional Budget Office be-lieves that, as interest rates gradually increase over the next few months and years, interest will move from about $220 billion to $830 billion, Mr. Speaker, over the next 10 years, surpassing what we spend as a nation on our national defense. So there is no doubt the Fed-eral Government has grown too big and too complex and interferes too greatly. We must get our fiscal house in order. Mr. Speaker, eliminating waste and fraud will not do it. Raising taxes won’t do it. I am always reminded by members of the opposition that insist that we can only balance our budget by raising taxes. Winston Churchill’s fa-vorite quote about taxes: ‘‘We contend that for a nation to try to tax itself into prosperity is like a man standing in a bucket and trying to lift it himself by the handle.’’ It is not going to do it, Mr. Speaker. This problem is too large and re-quires reform, and it requires this Con-gress to reform in the out-years and put us on the right track. Former Joint Chief of Staff Chairman Michael Mullen said in 2010, 6 years ago, Mr. Speaker, that the biggest national se-curity problem facing the United States was the size of our national debt. So let me talk now, Mr. Speaker, about potential solutions that this Congress has to adopt working with our President-elect in the coming days, in the coming years, and in the early months of the Trump administration. First, Congress, heal thyself. We must reassert our Article I powers: the power of the purse; the power of the proper appropriations process. We don’t need someone to impose that. We need to impose it on ourselves. We need to remind the American peo-ple to contact us, to help us return to regular order and return to the appro-priations process. We need all 12 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.139 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7394 December 7, 2016 
those bills passed and we need to stop depending on continuing resolutions like we will this week. This is some-thing I think that is fundamental. Let’s talk about some of the reforms to that budget process tonight. In this Congress, I was proud to support the Biennial Budgeting and Enhanced Oversight Act, which was introduced by R
EIDRIBBLE of Wisconsin. If this bill passes, it would help the govern-ment fix our broken budget system by establishing a biennial budget cycle. I think this would provide Federal agen-cies with the kind of planning capa-bility that would make them much more effective. We could identify cost savings, no doubt, in the important in-frastructure area and long-term sys-tems issues that we have, particularly in the Pentagon. This would be a large advantage. After reflecting on this, I support abolishing our Budget Committee proc-ess. Put in place in 1974, the intent was to have a way to rein in the executive. The Budget Act of 1974 was to help pun-ish Richard Nixon. I believe that if we abolish the Budget Committee, we can allow our authorizing committees to serve both an authorizing and an ap-propriating function. We can eliminate redundancies in our Federal Govern-ment, and we can look inward in how we can eliminate also unnecessary pro-cedures in Congress that waste time. In turn, our Appropriations Committee would oversee the budget resolutions, making sure that Congress spends no more than what we have approved in a budget resolution and that we can re-view individual ceilings for appro-priating money for those government functions that don’t require an author-ization. I also support the idea of properly di-recting the Congressional Budget Of-fice to account for, or score, in their terminology, for long-term invest-ments as budget impacts versus just current-year spending. These ideas are not revolutionary; they are well known. We are stuck in the past, Mr. Speak-er, and we must reform ourselves start-ing with this budget and appropria-tions process. In fact, these ideas are as old as my boss’ suggestions. John Tower was a 24-year veteran of the Senate. He served on the Budget Com-mittee and was chairman of the Armed Services Committee in the Senate. These were his ideas upon his retire-ment in 1984 as to how to make the Congress more effective. The Congressional Budget Office re-lies on a set of government statistics including GDP growth, inflation, and tax receipts. It takes into accounts dy-namic scoring. In my view, these things need to be done in a more proper way to better calculate the cost of leg-islation and the benefits for the econ-omy. For example, CBO does not cur-rently include interest payments on the debt when scoring new legislation. As previously mentioned, this interest will grow exponentially in the coming years, and now spending programs and reforms, in my view, ought to be cal-culated and take into account the agency costs and the carrying costs on our national debt. Another recommended reform to the CBO from our House Budget Com-mittee would be to eliminate built-in discretionary inflation, removing the automatic extensions of expiring pro-grams, and removing the current as-sumption that entitlement payments will continue at current levels even when their trust funds are predicted to be insolvent. These practices currently used by CBO result in automatic plus- ups for the baseline budget, and these reforms, in my view, will remove the current bias to ever higher spending levels. We ought to consider what we do in the private sector, Mr. Speaker, zero- based budgeting to assess what is real-ly needed and not needed in our Fed-eral agencies. What a great idea for Mr. Trump’s incoming new Director of the Office of Management and Budget. In-terior Department, let’s go to zero- based budgeting. Let’s have you justify to the Chief Financial Officer in the In-terior Department every program, and then come to Congress with your rec-ommendation of what we really should be doing at Interior or any other bu-reau or cabinet agency of the govern-ment. House and Senate bills have been in-troduced on this issue. Representative D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Senator T
HUNE of South Dakota would, I think, bring a lot of common sense. They would say that if private enterprises are performing activities duplicated by an arm of the Federal Government, then they would have the opportunity to compete for that work that Federal agencies unnecessarily handle in-house and, therefore, give better value to our taxpayers. IT investments—information tech-nology—is a critical function in all of our private sector life. Yet, GAO, the Government Accountability Office, found that 75 percent of the technology budget for the Federal Government goes to just painting up and fixing aging technology rather than modern-izing and going in a different direction on IT. They are actually still using floppy disks at the Pentagon and maintaining 1970s-era computer platforms. Look, that stuff ought to be in the Smithso-nian, not at the Pentagon. The report notes that the Social Security systems that are used to determine our eligi-bility and our benefits are more than 30 years old and are based on COBOL com-puter language. Mr. Speaker, I used COBOL computer language when I was in college almost 40 years ago. We need that kind of reform in order to be com-petitive and provide services to our constituents and safe, cyber-ready pro-tections. We have already witnessed the Office of Personnel Management losing people’s identities and creating identify theft right in the middle of a Federal computer system that is sup-posed to be the best. Our chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, JASON CHAFFETZ , has expressed his sup-port for modernizing our government’s aging systems, calling it a vital part of infrastructure that we need in order to have a fully functional government. I couldn’t agree more. We don’t need to shortchange these agencies when it comes to delivering a safe, cyber-pro-tected IT infrastructure. Last night I talked about the admin-istrative state, the growth of regula-tion, and the cost of regulation exceed-ing that of all the revenues from the tax system. Let’s talk about what we can do to rein in regulatory costs. The House passed a Separation of Powers Restoration Act in 2016, which would amend the Administrative Procedure Act, to require the courts to decide all de novo relevant questions of law, in-cluding the interpretation of constitu-tional and statutory provisions and rules. This bill would eliminate the Chevron deference, which, in my view, is blocking common sense being used and direction of this people’s House and the Senate over our regulatory body. This is not a new topic, Mr. Speaker. James Madison in Federalist 51 dis-cussed the need of each branch of gov-ernment to guard against overreach by another. He stated that when an over-reach occurs, ambition must be to counteract ambition. That is what we want to do in this House, Mr. Speaker. We have passed the REINS Act, Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act. The REINS Act, which passed this act over-whelmingly, said that any major rule like those that I described last night that cost the economy more than $100 million would require coming back to Congress for approval. That will put the people’s Representatives here in charge of the administrative state and not the other way around. I referenced a few minutes ago The Washington Post story about uncover-ing $125 billion of hidden-away, mis-directed spending at the Pentagon that I awarded this month’s Golden Fleece Award. b2045 I brought back the Golden Fleece from the seventies. It was created by Senator William Proxmire of Wis-consin. It is that kind of thing that I think calls attention to egregious be-havior by the Executive and allows us to have policy changes here. I com-mend former Senator Tom Coburn and his successor Senator L
ANKFORD for the same kind of work. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to turn to the subject of the Community Em-powerment Initiative, something that I have spent a lot of time on in my dis-trict in Little Rock, finding ways to fight poverty and use the talents and time of the private sector to do that, and also to identify ways that we can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.140 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7395 December 7, 2016 
find a better way to enhance the lives of American citizens, get them out of poverty, get them the education they need and the skills they need to suc-ceed in our economy. This is the big challenge before the incoming Trump administration and this Congress. It is important that peo-ple have a vested interest in their com-munity and have a sense of community engagement about how we do what I talked about last night, the idea that we let people closest to the problems solve those problems and not be de-pendent on one-size-fits-all challenges here. So, Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to have been reelected and continue to serve the citizens of Arkansas and our country. I am humbled to be asked to raise my hand on January 3 and again affirm my allegiance to our country and our beloved Constitution. Every Thursday morning, we assem-ble for the House prayer breakfast, and every Thursday morning I feel the prayers around our country, for our country. We in that group pray for all of our families. We pray for our men and women in uniform around our world protecting our liberties and our freedoms. I pray for each of the fami-lies in my district, that they have the health and prosperity and the ability to pursue happiness under our great Constitution. On behalf of my family, I wish all of the people of the Second Congressional District of Arkansas a blessed Christ-mas season. May God bless our troops overseas and our great Nation. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the sub-ject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
LYBURN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 795. An act to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee em-ployees. S. 3395. An act to require limitations on prescribed burns. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 8, 2016, at 9 a.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7785. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Anthony G. Crutchfield, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursu-ant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7786. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Submission of Food and Drug Administra-tion Import Data in the Automated Commer-cial Environment [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N- 1487] (RIN: 0910-AH41) received December 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7787. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — New Animal Drugs for Use in Animal Feed; Category Definitions; Confirmation of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N-1896) received December 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7788. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Arkan-sas River; Little Rock, AR [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0992] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7789. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the twelfth annual Federal Trade Commission Report on Ethanol Market Concentration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7545(o)(10)(B); July 14, 1955, ch. 360, title II, Sec. 211 (amended by Public Law 109- 58, Sec. 1501(a)(2)); (119 Stat. 1074); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7790. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Energy Labeling Rule (RIN: 3084-AB15) received December 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7791. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Used Motor Vehicle Trade Regulation Rule (RIN: 3084-AB05) re-ceived December 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7792. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting the 2016 edition of the Department’s annual ‘‘To Walk the Earth in Safety’’ re-port; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7793. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance for the Government of Peru, Transmittal No. 16-76, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7794. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance for the Government of Finland, Transmittal No. 16-65, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7795. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Australia, Transmittal No. 16-54, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7796. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-069, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7797. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-110, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7798. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-098, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7799. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-039, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7800. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-095, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7801. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-112, pursuant to Sections 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7802. A letter from the Deputy Chief Finan-cial Officer, Department of Education, trans-mitting the Department’s FY 2014 and 2015 Inventory of Inherently Governmental Ac-tivities and of Commercial Activities, pursu-ant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7803. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Regulatory Affairs Law Division, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Freedom of Information Act Regulations [Docket No.: DHS-2009-0036] (RIN: 1601-AA00) received December 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7804. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy and des-ignation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7805. A letter from the Program Specialist, LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting the Department’s final rules — Ap-praisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE7.142 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7396 December 7, 2016 
Exemption Threshold [Docket No.: OCC-2015- 0021] (RIN: 1557-AD99) received December 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7806. A letter from the Director, Congres-sional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Fiscal Year 2016 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7807. A letter from the Executive Director, Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board, transmitting the Board’s Report of FY 2016 Audits, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. 8G(h)(2); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 8G(h)(2) (as added by Public Law 100-504, Sec. 104(a)); (102 Stat. 2525); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7808. A letter from the Treasurer, National Gallery of Art, transmitting the Perform-ance and Accountability Report for the year ended September 30, 2016, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7809. A letter from the Executive Analyst, Office of the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy and des-ignation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7810. A letter from the Special Counsel, U.S. Office of Special Counsel, transmitting the Counsel’s FY 2016 Performance and Ac-countability Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7811. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjust-ment (RIN: 3133-AE59) received December 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7812. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Security Zone; Potomac River and Anacostia River, and adjacent waters; Washington, DC [Docket No.: USCG-2016- 0675] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received December 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7813. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Great Egg Harbor Bay, Marmora, NJ [Docket No.: USCG-2016-1011] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7814. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Anchorage Grounds; Delaware Bay and River, Philadelphia, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0110] (RIN: 1625-AA01) re-ceived December 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7815. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a memorandum of justification regarding the suspension of limitations under the Jerusalem Embassy Act, pursuant to Public Law 104-45(7)(a); (109 Stat. 400); jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Appropriations. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3764. A bill to provide that an Indian group may receive Federal ac-knowledgment as an Indian tribe only by an Act of Congress, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–847). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist At-tack in Benghazi Final Report of the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi (Rept. 114– 848). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 949. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 612) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114–849). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Education and the Workforce and Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 329 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself and Mr. C
UMMINGS ): H.R. 6447. A bill to establish the National Commission on Foreign Interference in the 2016 Election; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 6448. A bill to establish the National Wildlife Corridors System to provide for the protection and restoration of native fish, wildlife, and plant species and their habitats in the United States that have been dimin-ished by habitat loss, degradation, frag-mentation, and obstructions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Agriculture, and Trans-portation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 6449. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to provide polit-ical advertising vouchers and payments to defray the costs of postage for candidates in general elections to the Senate or House of Representatives who agree to restrictions on the types of contributions such candidates raise and the types of expenditures such can-didates make, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , and Mr. M EADOWS ): H.R. 6450. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the inde-pendence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself and Mr. C
HAFFETZ ): H.R. 6451. A bill to improve the Govern-ment-wide management of Federal property; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 6452. A bill to implement the Conven-tion on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 6453. A bill to clarify the effect of a Memorandum Opinion for the Assistant At-torney General, Criminal Division, dated September 20, 2011, and pertaining to the lawfulness of proposals by Illinois and New York to use the Internet and out-of-state transaction processors to sell lottery tickets to in-state adults, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6454. A bill to require a certain per-centage of LNG and crude oil exports be transported on United States-built and United States-flag vessels, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself and Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 6455. A bill to require a certain per-centage of LNG and crude oil exports be transported on vessels documented under the laws of the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6456. A bill to render the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated for U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07DE7.000 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7397 December 7, 2016 
and Customs Enforcement for fiscal years 2018 through 2021 contingent upon the amount appropriated for the Executive Of-fice for Immigration Review for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6457. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide Medicare cov-erage of preventive services that are re-quired to be covered by group and individual health plans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6458. A bill to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to prohibit a State from requiring individuals to submit to drug test-ing as a condition of assistance under the program of block grants to States for tem-porary assistance to needy families, to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to prohibit a public housing agency from re-quiring individuals to submit to drug testing as a condition of assistance under the Hous-ing Choice Voucher Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia): H.R. 6459. A bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R USH, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 6460. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require, for projects for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or re-pair of treatment works funded through a State drinking water treatment revolving loan fund, the use of iron and steel products that are produced in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6461. A bill to encourage school bus safety; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. F LORES , and Mr. M
ULLIN ): H.R. 6462. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act for purposes of prioritizing the most vulnerable Medicaid patients; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self and Mr. L
ONG): H.R. 6463. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue guid-ance with respect to three-dimensional human tissue models, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6464. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to award grants for teacher-led projects to improve academic growth in ele-mentary school and secondary school, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6465. A bill to authorize the incorpora-tion of water quality improvement partner-ship programs into Federal Water Pollution Control Act NPDES permit programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for him-self and Mr. DEFAZIO): H.R. 6466. A bill to establish a website for Federal Government apps, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6467. A bill to provide that individuals may elect to retain work-related benefits when moving throughout the workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HARRIS (for himself, Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-lina, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. R OEof Ten-nessee, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Geor-gia, Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. P
OSEY ): H.R. 6468. A bill to prohibit any entity that receives Federal funds and does not comply with a lawful request for information or de-tainment of an alien made by any officer or employee of the Federal government who is charged with enforcement of the immigra-tion laws from receiving additional funding; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6469. A bill to revise the Yurok res-ervation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. M
ESSER ): H.R. 6470. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit fellowship and stipend compensation to be saved in an indi-vidual retirement account; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6471. A bill to expand retroactive eli-gibility of the Army Combat Action Badge to include members of the Army who partici-pated in combat during which they person-ally engaged, or were personally engaged by, the enemy at any time on or after December 7, 1941; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 6472. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to es-tablish a Volunteer Teacher Advisory Com-mittee and a Volunteer Parents and Families Advisory Committee; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 6473. A bill to express the sense of Congress that information security is crit-ical to the economic security of the United States and to direct the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Infor-mation to submit to Congress a report on the costs of information security; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. YAR-
MUTH , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. R
USH, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. G
UTHRIE ): H.R. 6474. A bill to eliminate the daily newspaper cross-ownership rule of the Fed-eral Communications Commission; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6475. A bill to remove reversionary clauses on property owned by the munici-pality of Anchorage, Alaska; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. RUSH: H. Con. Res. 180. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that rates for inmate calling service should not exceed the affordable modified rates adopted by the Federal Communications Commission; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H. Con. Res. 181. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a certain correction in the enrollment of S. 1635; considered and agreed to. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia): H. Con. Res. 182. Concurrent resolution commemorating the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, and the sinking of the U.S.S. West Virginia during that attack; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. LEE: H. Res. 948. A resolution honoring the indi-viduals who lost their lives in the tragic fire in Oakland, California, on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GARRETT: H. Res. 950. A resolution expressing support for the designation of October 23 as a na-tional day of remembrance of the tragic 1983 terrorist bombing of the United States Ma-rine Corps Barracks in Beirut, Lebanon; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regard-ing the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accom-panying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 6447. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 6448. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 3; Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2; and Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 6449. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the U. S. Constitu-tion, which grants Congress the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07DE7.100 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7398 December 7, 2016 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 6450. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 6451. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States), Clause 6 (relating to post of-fices and post roads), and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 6452. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 6453. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: In conjunction with the Commerce Clause (Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3) which states that Congress has the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6454. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6455. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6456. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6457. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6458. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 6459. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 6460. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6461. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6462. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6463. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6464. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6465. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 6466. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6467. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HARRIS: H.R. 6468. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6469. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office there-of. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 6470. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
the power of Congress to provide for the gen-eral welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6471. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. of the United States Constitution, wherein it reads: ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . to provide for orga-nizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States . . .’’ and ‘‘Congress shall have the power to . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Depaitinent or Officer thereof.’’ By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6472. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 6473. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 6474. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6475. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 239: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 446: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1095: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1098: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 1111: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1258: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 1305: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1342: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN and Mr. L UCAS . H.R. 1401: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1459: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1571: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 1733: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 1814: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2016: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2067: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2519: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2798: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 2849: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2863: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2972: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 3084: Mr. K
ATKO and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3222: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 3861: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3970: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4298: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4622: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 4794: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 4795: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 4796: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4813: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 4833: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas and Mr. Gutie´rrez. H.R. 4919: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4932: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 4938: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 5008: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 5067: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5183: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 5235: Mr. R
UIZand Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  of California. H.R. 5272: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5369: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5386: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 5474: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 5589: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.048 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7399 December 7, 2016 
H.R. 5654: Mr. D AVIDSON . H.R. 5851: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 6041: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 6117: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 6159: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 6166: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 6176: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 6205: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 6208: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 6226: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 6320: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 6340: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 6343: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 6377: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 6382: Ms. K
USTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S
ERRANO , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 6417: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 6421: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. C AR-
TER of Georgia, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 6424: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T
ONKO , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 6428: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 6436: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. K
IND, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 6446: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Con. Res. 144: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, and Mr. T IPTON . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. K
EATING . H. Con. Res. 175: Mr. N
ADLER . H. Con. Res. 176: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H. Res. 12: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H. Res. 289: Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 590: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 833: Mr. T
AKANO and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE7.053 H07DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6765 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 2016 No. 176 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-day’s opening prayer will be offered by Elder D. Todd Christofferson, a mem-ber of the Quorum of the Twelve Apos-tles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Salt Lake City. The guest Chaplain offered the fol-lowing prayer: Let us pray. Our Father who art in Heaven, we bow before Thee this day, the 75th an-niversary of the attack on Pearl Har-bor, and remember with soberness and humility the sacrifice of so many who have offered their lives to preserve our liberty. We pray that Thou wilt bless their descendants and sustain the vital institutions of our government that this precious liberty may be preserved through the generations to come. We ask Thy blessing upon the U.S. Senate and each of its individual Mem-bers this day and in the days and months ahead. Grant them the wisdom and judgment they seek in the disposi-tion of all matters that come before them. Honor their desire to contribute to the well-being of the people of this Nation and indeed those of all nations who may be influenced for good by their decisions. We thank Thee for Thy abundant mercy and constant blessings upon us. In the Name of Jesus Christ, Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
AUL). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
LEGISLATION BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the continuing resolution was filed in the House yesterday. As we wait for the House to take the next step, I encour-age all Members to continue reviewing the legislative text, which has been available for some time. The Water Resources Development Act legislation has been filed in the House as well. This is bipartisan legis-lation that will strengthen our Na-tion’s infrastructure and commerce while investing in the safety and reli-ability of our drinking water. As col-leagues know, it includes, let me re-peat, aid for families in Flint. As we wait for final passage in the House, I encourage Senators to keep doing our part to ensure that we can bring WRDA and its assistance for Flint over the finish line as soon as possible. On another matter, I am pleased the 21st Century Cures Act bill will pass this afternoon with significant support from both sides of the aisle. This med-ical innovation bill will help foster so-lutions when it comes to heartbreaking illnesses such as Alzheimer’s, opioid addiction, mental health disorders, and cancer—heartbreaking illnesses that affect our families, friends, and con-stituents. This is one of the most meaningful bills we will pass this year, and it would not have been possible without the hard work of colleagues such as Chairman A
LEXANDER , Sen-ators C
ORNYN , HATCH and C ASSIDY , and of course along with Ranking Member M
URRAY . Let us also again recognize Vice President B
IDEN for his work on the Cancer Moonshot initiatives, which have fittingly been renamed for Beau Biden in this legislation. I will have more to say about the Vice President when he joins us again this afternoon, but for now I look forward to passing the 21st Century Cures Act today. On another matter, we will have an-other important vote this afternoon. It is a vote to move forward on the na-tional defense authorization conference report. We all know the world the next ad-ministration will inherit is a difficult and dangerous one. There are many threats. There are numerous national security challenges, and there is much to be done to better prepare our mili-tary and the next administration to deal with them. That is what this bi-partisan national defense legislation aims to do. It will help strengthen our military posture. It will send clear messages to both our allies and our ad-versaries, and it will provide more of the tools our servicemembers need to be successful. It makes clear that we must also pass the continuing resolu-tion that includes funding for the war against ISIL and for our forces in Af-ghanistan. We have already seen the con-sequences of failing to take the nec-essary steps to confront our national security challenges. It is another rea-son we need to move forward and pass this defense legislation so we can take forward-looking steps now to help take on these challenges and support our men and women in uniform. f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ATTACK ON PEARL HARBOR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Of course, Mr. President, it is fitting that we are talk-ing about the bravery of our service-members on December 7. Today marks the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, a date that FDR rightly predicted ‘‘will live in infamy.’’ It is a time when we reflect on the meaning of this day for our country and for our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.000 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6766 December 7, 2016 
military, a time when we remember all those who sacrificed on our behalf, and a time when we recognize the men and women in uniform currently serving to keep our country safer. Through the years, one of my great-est experiences has been the oppor-tunity I have had to meet with distin-guished Kentucky veterans as they visit Washington through the Honor Flight Program. I know many of our colleagues do the same thing when vet-erans from their States come to town. Today I ask our colleagues to join me in remembering all those who served and sacrificed so much and in thanking our men and women in uniform who are stationed around the world this holiday season. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY AYOTTE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, ‘‘God gave us two ears so we would lis-ten more than talk.’’ It is a simple phrase that many of us have likely heard before, but to Sen-ator K
ELLY AYOTTE , it is the best piece of advice she says she ever received, and it is a proverb she has lived by dur-ing her time in the Senate. In fact, it is how she got her start here in the first place. As New Hampshire’s first female at-torney general, K
ELLY listened to the concerns of those around her. She heard their concerns about the direc-tion our country was going, about the numerous security threats facing our Nation, and about out-of-control spend-ing. She could have just sat on the sidelines as these problems escalated— it certainly would have been the easier choice—but she chose to jump in the game and work to solve them instead. From day one, Senator A
YOTTE rolled up her sleeves and got to work. As the most prominent New Hampshire news-paper put it, she has never been a ‘‘freshman back-bencher,’’ she has been a dynamo from the start. I can’t say I was surprised. I still re-member the first time I heard about K
ELLY . It was from our former col-league Judd Gregg, who told me about this rising star in New Hampshire. Boy, was he right. It didn’t take long for ev-eryone to reach a similar conclusion. K
ELLY is tough, she is a problem solver, and she is a fighter. Senator A
YOTTE doesn’t view the challenges of this job as obstacles either. She prefers to call them opportunities. She says: ‘‘It’s how you react to those bends in the road that will make the biggest dif-ference in your life.’’ During her 6 years here, she has clearly made a dif-ference in the lives of a lot of others as well. Senator A
YOTTE has helped make a difference as a champion for jobs and as a champion for the economy. As someone who has helped start a small business, she knows firsthand how reg-ulations can stifle growth. She fought to cut through the redtape and the bur-densome rules. She cosponsored a law to help small businesses expand and re-finance, and she worked to strengthen manufacturing and support job train-ing. Senator AYOTTE has helped make a difference as a leader on combating opioid abuse. As a former prosecutor who has been among the loudest voices drawing attention to this horrible epi-demic, she knows how devastating it has been in her State and across the country. She worked with first re-sponders and families to figure out how to address this heartbreaking chal-lenge. She sponsored and helped pass comprehensive legislation that will help us tackle it. Now, in no small part because of her efforts, we will pass crit-ical funding this very week that will help our communities begin to heal. Like New Hampshire, my home State of Kentucky has been among the hard-est hit by this epidemic. It has been a privilege working with my friend to help do something about it. Senator A
YOTTE has helped make a difference as an expert on national se-curity issues too. This military spouse didn’t need someone to tell her what it means to serve nor what it means for veterans and their families. She mas-tered the issue almost overnight. She fought for language in the VA reform legislation to expand choice when it comes to veterans’ health care. She helped prevent dangerous Guantanamo terrorists from being moved to U.S. soil, and she has long spoken out about the threat posed by Iran. She just voted to extend some critical sanctions against the regime last week, and Sen-ator A
YOTTE has helped lead efforts to counter its ballistic missile program for years. It is clear she has been a leader on national security issues right from the start. I was proud to have Senator A
YOTTE join me and other colleagues on a congressional delegation I led to the Middle East not long after she took office. It was evident then what a dif-ference she would make on these im-portant matters. She has regularly joined in efforts with two other leading voices in our conference on defense, too, Senators M
CCAINand G RAHAM . To-gether, they are the ‘‘Three Amigos’’ or, as our former colleague Joe Lieber-man might point out, we should really call them the ‘‘Three Amigos 2.0.’’ Either way, here is what is clear. It is an equal partnership, one of mutual respect and trust, one that has strengthened our conference and de-fense policy, and one that I am sure Senators M
CCAINand G RAHAM would tell you has enriched both their Senate work and their lives. I am sure many other colleagues feel exactly the same way. Senator A
YOTTE set out to make an impact. She clearly made one on her State, her country, for her constitu-ents, and her colleagues, but I know Senator A
YOTTE would tell you the most cherished moments of her life aren’t those spent in classified brief-ings or on congressional delegations, they are the ones spent with her fam-ily—with her husband Joe and their two children, 9-year-old Jake and 12- year-old Kate. They have always been her biggest fans. They are a constant source of comfort and support. Some-times they like to jump in on the ac-tion themselves. In fact, Kate recently made a cameo—alongside her mother—in an ad featuring the two shooting hoops and practicing layups. From what I hear, Kate may even have her sights on a fu-ture in politics. She once advised her mom not to run for President. Senator AYOTTE was taken aback. She said she wasn’t planning on it but wondered why she would ask in the first place. Well, Kate replied: ‘‘Be-cause I want to be the first woman President.’’ I guess it is true what they say, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. It is not surprising when you consider the example K
ELLY AYOTTE has set, not just for Kate but for so many others as well. If anyone can do it all, it is K
ELLY  A
YOTTE . From sports practices and Lego competitions to 5Ks and trips to the largest lake in New Hampshire, the time with her kids is what truly brings K
ELLY joy. As all of you know, this job can make you appreciate the little things even more. It is why you will never hear her complain about waiting in the pickup line at school. It is why she enjoys spending her weekend grocery shopping at the Market Basket, probably pick-ing up the ingredients for Grape-Nuts pudding—whatever that is. Apparently, it is one of K
ELLY ’s favorites. I will just take her word for that. I wish to acknowledge what a privi-lege it has been getting to know Sen-ator A
YOTTE and working with her over the past few years. Her impact has been immeasurable, her friendship in-disputable. I know she has made her family proud as well. I want to conclude with a mantra that K
ELLY and Joe rely upon when facing a challenge: ‘‘Brush the dirt off and get back in the game.’’ It is a good reminder for each of us. I feel confident in saying that Senator A
YOTTE will be back in the game, looking out for her State and making our country stronger and safer no matter where her next journey leads. 
f 
TRIBUTES TO DEPARTING SENATORS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, fi-nally, as each session of Congress comes to a close, both leaders tradi-tionally pay tribute to the retiring Members of their own parties. This year is a bit different, of course, with the retirement of the Democratic lead-er. So in addition to what I will be say-ing about him tomorrow, I figured I might shake things up just a bit more, just this one time. I figured I would tell my colleagues about two col-leagues from across the aisle who have made their own mark on this Chamber for many years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.001 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6767 December 7, 2016 
BARBARA MIKULSKI  
The first colleague I wish to speak about is from Maryland. Some call her Senator M
IKULSKI , some call her Sen-ator B
ARB, but everyone knows this: She is tough. It explains how she got here in the fist place. You see, B
ARBARA MIKULSKI had a lot of dreams growing up. She wanted to be a scientist. She wanted to be a nun. She even wanted to be an astronaut. And if not for a ‘‘C’’ in chemistry, a vow of obedience, and the thought of wearing a flight suit—or so we have heard—she probably could have done all of those things. But Senator B
ARB chose a different path—or rather all of them at once. You see, you don’t have to work in a lab to champion science research; you can serve as the lead Democratic appropriator on the Com-merce-Justice-Science Subcommittee. You don’t have to put on a habit to look out for others; you can serve as dean of the Senate women and cul-tivate mentorship among your col-leagues. And you certainly don’t have to blast into space to blaze a trail— something this longest serving female Member of Congress knows very well. It wasn’t an easy road getting here. It wasn’t an easy road when she got here. No Democratic woman had ever been elected to the Senate in her own right before B
ARBARA MIKULSKI . But, as she said on the stump, ‘‘I might be short, but I won’t be overlooked.’’ And, boy, she hasn’t been. I doubt she ever will be. Maybe it has something to do with the mantra she follows: Do or do not— there is no try. No surprise that this ‘‘Star Wars’’ fan is taking advice from Master Yoda. She has learned a lot from others, too, like her great-grandmother, who emigrated from Poland with hope and little else—hope that her family might one day experience this country’s many freedoms and opportunities. I know she would be proud of her great- granddaughter today, proud of this crime novelist, this crab cake gourmet, this senior Senator from Maryland. So here is what we have come to know about Senator M
IKULSKI : Her word is her bond, she is a passionate advocate for the causes she supports, and good luck stopping her once she puts her mind to something. 
BARBARA BOXER  
You could say the same thing about another B
ARBARA I know too. Senator B
OXER , like her colleague from Mary-land, is hardly the tallest Member around here, but she is not in the habit of getting overlooked either. The Boxer box helps with that, of course. It is what she stands on at press conferences to give her just a little more height. And, yes, if that sounds familiar, that is because it is that box which once served as inspiration for an episode of HBO’s ‘‘Veep.’’ It is a good thing our colleague has a sense of humor. She understands how far that can go around here. She has often relied on it through her years in the Senate, in fact, including when she announced her retirement via rhyme: ‘‘More than 20 years in a job I love,’’ she wrote, ‘‘thanks to California and the Lord above.’’ You get the picture. It goes on, but here is the key line: ‘‘As long as there are issues and challenges and strife, I will never retire, ‘cause that’s the meaning of my life.’’ That sure sounds like the Senator BOXER I know. It is not always easy to find common ground around here. It takes hard work. It takes negotiation. It often takes those intangibles too—like comic relief. So enter Senator I
NHOFE . I am really going to miss the J
IMand B AR-
BARA show when it comes to an end next year, especially after such a sto-ried run over at EPW. One day, she is the boss; the next day, it is he. They are the best of pals; they are the fierc-est of rivals. They work together on ev-erything; they agree on almost noth-ing. It sounds like the premise for some buddy comedy from the 1980s, but here is what it really is: a political masterstroke. This unlikeliest of partnerships led this year to the first significant envi-ronmental reform law in decades. It also led this year to Senate passage of a waterways infrastructure bill that will support important projects across our country. And while some may refer to B
OXER and I NHOFE as the ‘‘oddest of Senate odd couples,’’ here is what I would call them: pretty smart. I remember Senator I
NHOFE always telling me how much he enjoyed work-ing with Senator B
OXER and how there were things they could actually agree on, so I made a note of it and kept an eye out for an opportunity of my own. It finally happened in this very Con-gress. Senator B
OXER and Senator I
NHOFE and I worked together to pass the longest term highway transpor-tation and infrastructure bill in nearly two decades. This isn’t something the critics thought could be done. We each harbored our own doubts. Yet, a bill that repeatedly threatened to come apart actually never did. As Senator B
OXER put it, it was ‘‘the impossible dream.’’ And it succeeded because we worked in good faith, because we came together, and because we focused on the areas where we did agree and not just the ones where we didn’t. That is what happens around here when the Senate is working the way it should. We see colleagues from oppo-site sides working through political differences and coming together on so-lutions for the American people. Per-haps that is one reason why nearly a quarter of a century later, Senator B
OXER says she is leaving the Senate with a full heart. I know she is leaving with the respect of many of her col-leagues, too, including some she might not have expected when she first came. Let me finish with some advice B
AR-
BARA MIKULSKI gave to young B ARBARA  B
OXER as she contemplated her first Senate run. ‘‘If you run,’’ Senator M
I-
KULSKI said, ‘‘it will be the toughest thing you will ever do,’’ but, she added, it will also be ‘‘the best thing you will ever do.’’ I think this is something we can all relate to regardless of which party we belong to and regardless of which State we come from. At the end of the day, we all came here to accom-plish things for the people we rep-resent, even if we have different ideas on how to do them. So, thankfully, there should be no disagreement over this next task. I ask all Senators to join me in recognizing our colleagues for their service and to join me in wishing them good luck as they begin the next chapters of their lives. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. C
OL-
LINS). The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA Mr. REID. Madam President, I apolo-gize to Senator B
OXER and Senator M I-
KULSKI . They are going to give their final speeches, but I would like to have this opportunity to speak a few words about President Obama. Of course I will be here for their full speeches. It is hard to imagine today, but it wasn’t that long ago that Barack Obama was a little-known Illinois leg-islator with a very unusual name. I still remember the first time I heard that name. I was in the House gym, where Members congregated, and one of the people I shared the room with was Abner Mikva, a longtime Illinois Congressman, an appellate court judge, and President Clinton’s chief legal offi-cer. I had known that Republican Senator Peter Fitzgerald decided not to run for reelection after one term. Judge Mikva turned to me and said he knew the per-fect person to fill that open seat. I said: Who could that be? He said: Barack Obama. I said: What? He said: Barack Obama. I said: Who? What kind of a name is that? He said: He is one of the most tal-ented people I have ever met in all of my years. That said a lot to me, even though at that time I smiled and left the room. It didn’t take long, though, before I understood what Abner Mikva said to me. Barack Obama won that election in the Senate. He came from nowhere, a man with an unusual name, but once he was here, it was obvious he was the real deal. His ability to communicate was, and is, stunning. I can remember one of the first floor speeches he gave here in the Senate on George Bush’s policy regarding the Middle East war. It was eloquent, thoughtful, powerful. I was so impressed that following his speech—there had been a quorum call— his seat was way back there, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.003 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6768 December 7, 2016 
walked up to him and I said—he was sitting, I was standing looking over him, and I said: Senator, that was real-ly terrific. That was really good. I will never forget his response. With-out hesitation, without any bragga-docio, no conceit, but with humility, he looked up to me and said: I have a gift. It wasn’t a boast; it was a fact. I have never met anyone with the ability to communicate as well as Barack Obama. Whether it is in his writing, speaking to huge crowds of tens of thousands of people or small crowds, or someone on a one-on-one basis, he is without equal when it comes to com-municating. His reputation was well known even before he came to the Senate. He had written a book—a bestseller called ‘‘Dreams from My Father’’—a decade before arriving here in the Senate. Like his 2006 book—also a bestseller— called ‘‘The Audacity of Hope,’’ this book was full of lyrical and insightful writing. In ‘‘Dreams from My Father,’’ he outlined the remarkable story of his life we have all come to know. Born in Kenya in faraway Africa was his fa-ther. His mother was from Kansas. He was raised by his grandparents in Ha-waii. His mother and grandparents set positive examples for him. They pushed him to always do better, to be the man he was born to be. That upbringing would serve him well. Barack Obama went to some of the most elite schools in the world. He was an undergraduate at Columbia, where, of course, he was an honor student, then Harvard Law School. He grad-uated with distinction. He made his-tory as the first African American to be elected president of the Harvard Law Review. Just to be a member of the Harvard Law Review—having gone to law school myself—is significant, but he was the No. 1 guy in that very prestigious law school. Even then, his reputation for bringing people together and his gift of communication were re-nowned. He continued to excel after law school. He became a professor of con-stitutional law at one of America’s great law schools. He became a commu-nity organizer, as he has spoken about a lot. He became an Illinois State sen-ator before giving one of the most dra-matic convention speeches in Amer-ican history at the 2004 Democratic Convention in Boston. Throughout it all, his ability to com-municate and connect with people fueled his ascendancy. Those skills made Barack Obama a terrific Senator, and they have greatly benefited our country over the past 8 years. In just a few weeks, Barack Obama will finish his term as the 44th Presi-dent of our great country. He will be leaving office. I don’t know if I am leaving with him or if he is leaving with me. I guess I leave a few days be-fore he does, but we are leaving to-gether. I cannot think of a better per-son with whom to leave public service than Barack Obama. For 8 years I was his point man, and it has been an honor and an effort of pleasure. What this man accomplished, despite unprecedented obstruction from the Republicans, is remarkable. History will remember President Barack Obama’s many accomplishments. I don’t want to get the Presiding Officer in trouble, but it was because of her and two other Republican Senators that his first congressional session was remarkably historic. We wanted to do more, but this good woman presiding over the Senate today said: Enough is enough. We had to retract some of the things we wanted to do. It was hard, but I do say this: It would not have happened but for the Presiding Officer. President Obama saved the country from economic collapse, ushering in a new era of growth. Since 2010, the eco-nomic recovery has added more than 16 million private sector jobs. Median household incomes have risen signifi-cantly. The unemployment rate is now 4.6 percent. In some States, like the State of Nevada, it is more than 14 per-cent. President Obama brought the American auto and manufacturing in-dustries back from the brink of col-lapse with unique programs—Cash for Clunkers—and more than 800,000 new manufacturing jobs since 2010. The auto industry has added almost 700,000 jobs since 2009. Domestic production of automobiles doubled from below 6 mil-lion units per year to 12 million per year in 2015. President Obama brought health care to tens of millions of Americans through the Affordable Care Act. Every day, we learn how important this bill has been. We heard from the very con-servative American Hospital Associa-tion today that doing away with ObamaCare would bankrupt the hos-pital industry. We would lose over the next few years almost $200 billion. Through the Affordable Care Act, 21 million more Americans now have af-fordable health care. The uninsured rate is at an all-time low, and 92 per-cent of Americans now have coverage. Insurance companies cannot deny cov-erage and charge more to cover people with preexisting conditions. How many of us have gone out to our home States and had people with tears in their eyes say: You know, Debbie has been sick since she was a little girl with diabetes, and now, for the first time in her life, she can have health in-surance. Insurance companies can’t discrimi-nate anymore against anyone because of their gender. All women were dis-criminated against before. Every American with insurance has access to preventive care without cost sharing. That means no copays for immuniza-tions, cancer screenings, contraceptive coverage for women, diabetes screenings, or blood pressure and cho-lesterol tests. President Obama held Wall Street ac-countable. He signed into law the most comprehensive Wall Street and finan-cial reform legislation since the Great Depression. His administration estab-lished a new watchdog to help protect consumers from unfair financial prac-tices. He signed legislation into law that protects homeowners from mort-gage fraud. President Obama took more action to protect our planet from a changing cli-mate, including the historic Paris Agreement. I met yesterday with Native Alas-kans. It was scary to talk to a Native Alaskan woman. In her town of 800, people are having trouble getting in and out of the town. She told me the animals are confused because the sea-sons are changing. The caribou have traveled for 20,000 years, we believe, 3,000 miles to mi-grate every year. They walk in single file, not in large herds jammed to-gether. She said they are having such difficulty. They used to be able to walk over the ice. They can’t. There is no ice. They have to swim. President Obama made the largest investment ever in renewable energy. He tripled wind power and increased solar power by 30 times, creating more than 200,000 jobs in solar alone, with hundreds of thousands more jobs in the next few years. President Obama protected more than 260 million acres of public lands and waters. That includes more than 700,000 acres in Nevada with one order that he signed called the Basin and Range National Monument, a place where John Muir came looking around for special places in America. He camped in hills in the Basin and Range. Hopefully, some day every Senator can go to this magnificent place in the desert. It has taken 40 years to build. One man has done it, a famous artist by the name of Michael Heizer. It is called the City. It is stunning. When I talk about 40 years, it wasn’t work done on weekends. It was days, week-ends, overtime, and large contingencies of people he directed. This magnificent thing in the middle of the desert is now protected forever. President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama have made our Na-tion’s children a top priority. In 2010, President Obama signed a bill into law to fight child hunger and improve school meals to ensure children receive the nutrition they need to have healthy, successful futures. President Obama made strides on education. Our Nation’s high school graduation rate is the highest in the history of our country. He reformed student loan programs, increased Pell grants, made student loan repayment more affordable, and expanded loan for-giveness for graduates who enter public service professions. President Obama granted deferred action to immigrant youth who would have qualified under the DREAM Act, bringing nearly 800,000 young people out of the shadows. President Obama made our country more inclusive. He signed the repeal of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.004 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6769 December 7, 2016 
don’t ask, don’t tell. He signed Execu-tive orders protecting LGBT workers. Americans are now free to marry the person they love, regardless of their gender. As Commander in Chief, President Obama brought bin Laden to justice. These are just a few aspects of Presi-dent Obama’s storied legacy, and it is still growing—what a record. It is a legacy of which he should be satisfied. America is better because of this good man being 8 years in the White House. I am even more impressed by who he is as a person than who he is as Presi-dent. He is a man of integrity and hon-esty. I have learned so much from him. I have never heard Barack Obama deni-grate anyone, ever. There have been times he could have. Perhaps, I thought a negative word should have been said and I suggested that to him, but he would never take it. No, he wouldn’t do that. That is Barack Obama. Above all, I admire the attention he has given his family. He may be Presi-dent of the United States, but nothing gets in the way of his family. He is a terrific husband to Michelle and an outstanding father to Sasha and Malia. He arrives home for dinner with his family virtually every night he is in Washington. He goes to their plays and games. President or not, he is a hus-band and a father. His devotion extends to his staff as well, and he has had a terrific staff working for him. I can’t mention all of them, but I will mention his present Chief of Staff, Denis McDonough. He and I have a very close relationship. Close relationships come with a lot of difficulty sometimes. It has been tough, but we tried to work through it together. Pete Rouse is one of the nicest people I have ever known. He also worked with the President very closely. He was his chief of staff as Senator, and, of course, a chief adviser when he was in the White House. Rahm Emanuel, now the leader of Chicago, IL, was former Chief of Staff, and is currently mayor of Chicago. He is a man known for his bluntness and his productivity as a Member of Con-gress and as Chief of Staff. Alyssa Mastromonaco was former Deputy Chief of Staff and I hope that I had something to do with the romance that wound up with her marrying my chief of staff, David Krone. These are just a few of the incredible people I have had the pleasure of work-ing with. They are all wonderful. Then there is President Obama’s Cab-inet—a Cabinet of quality. That in-cludes my friend, Secretary of Interior Ken Salazar, a wonderful man and a terrific public servant, a man of sub-stance like no other ever known. After 8 years leading the country, President Obama is leaving office on a high point. When he first took office, our country was in an economic free fall and hemorrhaging jobs. Now the country is experiencing the longest streak of private sector job growth ever. We have the lowest unemploy-ment rate in nearly a decade. After 8 years of President Obama, we are now as a country on a sustainable path to fight climate change and grow renewable energy sources. We are more respected around the world. We reached international agreements to curb cli-mate change, stop Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, and we are on the path to normalizing relations with our neighbor Cuba. Our country has made significant strides in nearly every way. There is no doubt that the United States is better now than we were 8 years ago, and we have Barack Obama to thank for that. Thank you, President Obama, for being the person you are. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
TSUNAMI WARNING, EDUCATION, AND RESEARCH ACT OF 2015 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany H.R. 34, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany H.R. 34, an act to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, research, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell amend-ment No. 5117, to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 5118 (to amend-ment No. 5117), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. 
FAREWELL TO THE SENATE  
Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, this is a moment for me that, I think it is fair to say, I will never ever forget. I am so honored. I am so honored to have members of my family here, staff from past and present from both my personal office and committee, extraor-dinary colleagues whom I adore and love, whom I worked with, fought with and debated. I am so honored that Sen-ator M
CCONNELL and Senator R EID have said really nice things about me. I think, in Senator R
EID’s case, we go back so long, and I will talk a little bit more about that. In Senator M
CCON-
NELL ’s case, we didn’t talk for a long time, and then we did get together and we did some great work together. But I think he was here just to make sure I am leaving. My leader over in the House is here—N
ANCY PELOSI . I will talk about her more. My colleagues from the House came over in the midst of all their work. I love them. I have enjoyed working with them. I look around this Chamber, and I re-alize the reason I am able to actually leave is because I know each of you and your passion to make life better for people, and that is what it is all about. When I decided not to run for reelec-tion, you know how the press always follows you around. They said: ‘‘Is this bittersweet for you?’’ My answer was forthcoming: ‘‘No way is it bitter. In every way it is sweet.’’ Why do I feel that way? It is because this has been a dream, to be in a pro-fession that I think is noble, no matter how beaten up it gets, for 40 years—for more than half my life—and I was able to do every day what I always wanted to do, which is simply to make life bet-ter for people. I didn’t always succeed. Were there frustrations? Yes. Were there disappointments? Yes. Were there defeats? Yes, many, but every morning when I woke up, I knew I had a chance to do something good. As a first generation American on my mother’s side, and, most particu-larly, as a woman, I never in my wildest dreams imagined that I could be in the U.S. Senate. It was an uphill battle, and I know I speak for a lot of people sitting right here who know what I am talking about. When I first ran for the Marin Coun-ty Board of Supervisors in 1972, it was a Republican landslide year. It was more than tough. I will never forget one woman I spoke with after knocking on her door. I introduced myself and said, ‘‘Hi, I am Barbara Boxer. I am running for county supervisor.’’ She greeted me by saying, ‘‘I never thought you would be so short.’’ Then, she said she wasn’t supporting me be-cause, quote, ‘‘You have four kids, and you are going to neglect them if you are elected.’’ Well, never mind that this was a part-time job just a few minutes from the house. Never mind that the man I was running against had a family and a full-time job. Never mind that I actu-ally had two kids, but she insisted. She said, ‘‘I know you have four kids be-cause I read it in the newspaper.’’ I said, ‘‘Lady, when you give birth, you never forget it, and I did it twice.’’ Well, I lost that seat, but two things helped get me through it. The first was an article by Gloria Steinem, who es-sentially said women tend to take losses too personally. We have to un-derstand that we could be just a little bit ahead of our time, and we can’t give up. Second, my son Doug, only seven at the time, ignored any attempts to cheer him up by saying, ‘‘Mom, can you make me a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch?’’ The point is that life goes on no mat-ter how deep the disappointments. You pick yourself up, and you keep fighting because this is your country. It is our country, and it is worth fighting for. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.013 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6770 December 7, 2016 
ran again four years later and won. I was eager to get to work on issues such as: Afterschool for kids. Protecting the natural beauty of my county. Ensuring that a child walking to school would be safe. I put up so many stop signs to protect kids that I soon became known as the ‘‘Stop Sign Queen.’’ It was local government, and the world was changing. The Vietnam War was raging. The women’s movement was ramping up. The oil companies wanted to drill off the pristine coast of California. Even from my position as a local county supervisor representing only 40,000 people, I was exposed to these national issues that would soon require all of my attention. Tip O’Neill, one of N
ANCY PELOSI ’s great predecessors, was known for his saying that ‘‘All politics is local,’’ but the global became local when Marin County got a Federal grant saying the threat of nuclear attack is real, and you have to have a plan to evacuate the county in case there is a bomb dropped in San Francisco. This was in the 1980’s. The Reagan administration, I think, missed the obvious. Getting in a car on a narrow road to evacuate to Napa or going under your desk was not going to protect you, so all five supervisors— three Republicans and two Demo-crats—rejected the grant. Instead, we mailed an informational booklet to every household, telling them there was no way to evacuate from a nuclear bomb; you have to prevent it in the first place. During that same period, James Watt wanted to drill off the coast of Cali-fornia. We put together business peo-ple, environmentalists, farmers, and we said no. The tourist industry joined us, and we stopped it. That was my first attempt at very broad coalition building. As national issues unfolded before my eyes, I had to do more if I really wanted to stay true to making life better for people. When John Burton’s seat for Con-gress opened up in 1982, I jumped in. It was a long shot. And I will always be grateful to the people who brought me to that dance: working people, environ-mentalists, children’s advocates. They put me over the top. After I won this election, I began hearing about the mysterious disease that was stealing the lives of so many in my congressional district. I remem-ber feeling so helpless because we didn’t know what it was and what caused it. One thing was clear: AIDS was devastating, and too many in Washington were not taking action. When we found out it could be trans-mitted sexually, I had to go up against the far rightwing who didn’t want to provide any information about the dis-ease. Yet here I was, a middle-aged mother of two from the suburbs, talk-ing about condoms. It was uncomfort-able, but this would become my way. In the face of a crisis, never look away, never back down, and never be afraid. In the case of AIDS, I got to work with the Chairman of the House Appro-priations Committee, a southern gen-tleman. He had never heard of AIDS. He said to me: ‘‘If people are sick, then we must help.’’ We got the first double- digit Federal AIDS funding, and we es-tablished an AIDS Task Force and brought in people such as Elizabeth Taylor and Elizabeth Glaser, and we fought back. We took it under our wing to solve this crisis—both adult AIDS and pediatric AIDS. By that time, I had an extraordinary new partner in the House, NANCY  P
ELOSI . We immediately bonded. I was so impressed with her passion and her energy. We remain the dearest of friends to this day. I am so proud of her. N
ANCY has changed the face of pol-itics in America, and she will go down in history as one of the most influen-tial leaders of our time. Recently—on a recent issue—I was expressing deep disappointment, and N
ANCY told me: ‘‘Don’t agonize. Orga-nize!’’ This was two nights ago. She is right. When things get tough, that is what you do. Over the years, the issues kept com-ing my way and came the way of a lot of people in this room: the Violence Against Women Act, LGBT equality, protecting a woman’s right to choose, workers’ rights, protecting the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act, and the Safe Drinking Water Act. Those are all examples. These fights con-tinue, and they keep coming whether you are in elected office or not. They come to you if you are a single parent trying to raise a child and struggling to make ends meet on a minimum wage that is not fair. They come to you if your kid gets asthma. They come to you if your job has been outsourced and you have nowhere to turn. They come to you when college tuition gets out of reach. Whether it is happening to you or someone else, the great thing about our participatory democracy is each of us has a chance to make a difference. You can make a difference by holding an elected office or working for some-one who does. You can make a dif-ference by working for a campaign. You can make a difference by starting a business and employing good people to help you build it. You can make a difference by becoming a teacher, a nurse, a firefighter or a police officer. There are so many noble ways to make a difference in America. The one thing you cannot do, even when it is tempting: You cannot turn away— never. The forces and the people who shape you cannot be ignored. I say to everybody within the sound of my voice that you have it within you to step out and make your mark. A lot of young people come up to me and say, ‘‘I would love to do what you do. How do I become a U.S. Senator?’’ I am sure a lot of us get that ques-tion. I always say, ‘‘It is not important to be something; it is important to do something.’’ If you choose my path and the path of many in this room, I want to be clear: You will need mentors and you will need friends like two of mine— John Burton and BARBARA MIKULSKI . John encouraged me to run for the House, where he had always been a fighter for those without a voice. B
ARBARA had been my friend in the House and encouraged me to run for the Senate. When I went to see her, she said, very simply: ‘‘Go for it.’’ That and $40 million—that was good advice. And I did. Senator M
IKULSKI is every-thing a Senator should be. She is intel-ligent, caring, always focused, and as an added bonus, she can have you in stitches. I am so grateful for her guid-ance and, most important, her friend-ship. I launched my campaign for the Sen-ate. It was very difficult. No one pre-dicted I would win. I was less than an asterisk in the polls. I was filled with doubt. Coming to my aid was my senior Senator, D
IANNE FEINSTEIN . She stood by my side, even though it could have cost her votes. I will never, ever forget that. Thank you, D
IANNE . I also need to pay tribute to Anita Hill because without her, I never would have been elected to the Senate. Anita Hill courageously told her story to the all-male U.S. Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, breaking the silence on this painful issue. In addition, people saw there were only two women in the Sen-ate. Anita Hill, you showed us all that we must never be afraid to take on the powerful. It certainly isn’t easy, but if you learn to be tough in the right way, you can find the sweet spot, even in this atmosphere where the parties have grown so far apart. This is one of my biggest regrets—how far the parties have grown apart, especially when it comes to the environment. Remember, Richard Nixon created the Environmental Protection Agency. He signed the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and the Endangered Species Act. George H.W. Bush signed the ex-tension of the Clean Air Act. Many Re-publicans led the charge for environ-mental protection. Now, unfortunately, protecting the environment has be-come a divide where we truly duke it out. As I leave here, I intend to do every-thing in my power to work to bridge that divide because we all live on one planet. It doesn’t matter what party we are. We all breathe the same air. We all want our families to be healthy and live on a planet that can sustain us and all of God’s creations. In this time of deep division, we have to find areas to work together. I think I found a proven formula in my relationship with my friend and chairman of the Environment and Pub-lic Works Committee, Senator J
IM I
NHOFE . We never surprise each other, even where we disagree—ever. Our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.015 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6771 December 7, 2016 
word is our bond to each other. We found that we could work as a winning team to build and strengthen our Na-tion’s infrastructure, and we have made incredible progress for the Amer-ican people on those issues—long-term highway bills, long-term water bills and the first update on the Toxic Con-trol Act. That was a doozy for us. I will never forget that battle. Transportation turned out to be a sweet spot between Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL and me. We hadn’t talked seriously for 20 years because of the Packwood case. It was: Hello, hello. That was it. But we did come together to save the Highway Trust Fund at an urgent time. Our work together surprised so many of our colleagues, but I think it sur-prised the two of us more than any-thing else. But it worked because we set aside all of our past legitimate divi-sions in order to rescue America’s transportation system. We took a risk, and the risk paid off. And, of course, all of my colleagues helped make that pos-sible. Also, I want to mention my Repub-lican counterpart on the Ethics Com-mittee, Senator J
OHNNY ISAKSON , be-cause when it comes to ethics, we have proven there is no room for partisan-ship. All we want to do is make sure the Senate is a respected institution. Friendship and trust with Members on both sides and in the House of Rep-resentatives—I am so proud so many of you are here—that is the only way to get things done. Having a leader who has your back is essential. A good leader knows and un-derstands each member of his caucus and where they draw the line. H
ARRY is so humble. Whenever you talk about him, he puts his head down. H
ARRY , could you just look at me for a second? A good leader knows when to speak up and when to listen. A good leader knows when to pick up the gloves and fight like hell. That is what H
ARRY  R
EIDhas done. He is not a show horse; he is a workhorse. He is a soft-spoken man. How many of us have to say: H
ARRY , could you speak up? He is a soft-spoken man of a few words, but he chooses his words wisely, and he chooses his fights wise-ly. He doesn’t seek the spotlight. When it comes to standing up for what is right, he is right there when others try to slip out of the room. H
ARRY has not only been an extraor-dinary leader and colleague, he and his wife, Landra, have been close and treasured friends of me and my hus-band, Stewart. I call him the brother I never had, and he calls me the sister he never had. He treats me like a sister; he always hangs up on me when I call him. And he never calls on me when I madly wave my hand at caucus. You know, I am like a sister. You don’t have to worry, the love will be there. I am forever grateful for his leadership and his friendship. Another quality of H
ARRY REIDis that he encouraged women to run for the Senate. Once we got here, he made sure we had major responsibilities. HARRY , you will go down in history for that. I am, of course, ecstatic that my suc-cessor is Kamala Harris, who served as attorney general for my State with great distinction and who will continue the tradition of having a strong, pro-gressive woman in this seat. Kamala, you heard it here—a strong, progressive woman in this seat is what we need. As I wind down my remarks, I must be completely honest about my broken heart. I worked hard, along with so many millions of Americans, so that we would have our first female Presi-dent. It was not to be this time, but we made history with Hillary Clinton, the first female nominee of a major party, who, I might add, won the popular vote by millions and still counting. She truly shattered the glass ceiling and showed that women had the ability to take it on the chin again and again. My message to everyone who sup-ported Hillary is, the work goes on. Yes, you build on success and you learn from failure, but you never stop work-ing for human rights, civil rights, women’s rights, voting rights, chil-dren’s rights and the environment. I certainly don’t plan to stop. I am not only fortunate to have had this extraordinary career, but I am also so fortunate to be going home to a State that stands for everything I be-lieve in. I wish to thank every one of my staffers—those who worked for me in Washington, either on my personal staff, committee staff, those who worked for me in the State, and those who helped me get elected. A lot of them are here today. Without them, I never ever could have done my job, and I never could have accomplished the things I have accomplished that I am proud of. I also wish to thank the floor staff. The floor staff never gets thanked enough because they deal with us when we are very nervous. They have to deal with us when we are about to have an amendment come up or about to vote on something and need to understand the rules and our rights. To Gary and his team, Trish, Tim, and all of you—thank you. When I look back on everything I fought for, there are more than a thou-sand accomplishments, and I am cer-tainly not going to talk about all of those, but I am going to, briefly, very fast, go through 10 of my favorites. The first afterschool programs that were funded by the Federal Government, covering more than 1.6 million kids every day; 1 million acres of California wilderness preserved; the first-ever comprehensive combat casualty care center in California for our most wounded warriors; ensuring that our transportation programs remain in place for years to come with millions of jobs protected; upholding our land-mark environmental laws, and I hope that continues, but I will not go off on that; setting clean drinking water standards to protect pregnant women, children, and other vulnerable people; the dolphin-safe tuna label; protecting victims of rape in the military from ir-relevant, harassing questions that have already been barred in civilian courts; establishing the first-ever sub-committee to oversee global women’s issues, which J
EANNE is going to carry on; recommending a diverse group of supremely qualified judicial nominees who are carrying out our laws in Cali-fornia’s Federal courts. There are many more I could talk about, and we all know this because each one of them is like a child to us and we remember how hard it was to get it done, but let me be clear, you don’t get anything done here unless your colleagues help you from both sides of the aisle. My biggest regret is that I couldn’t end the war in Iraq. It hurt my soul. I came down to the floor every day and read the names of fallen soldiers. I was accused of being too emotional. I asked probing questions in committee to ex-pose the fact that we were in the mid-dle of a civil war. Day after day I made my case, but the war went on and on. It took President Obama to finally end that war, and I will always be grateful to him. Of course, there is unfinished busi-ness, and I know my colleagues are going to carry on. We must restore the Voting Rights Act. We need to restore trust between our communities and law enforcement. We have to continue to protect and provide affordable health care. We must take action on climate change or we are in deep trou-ble as humankind. We must protect the DREAMers and immigrants who con-tribute to our communities every day. We must raise the minimum wage and ensure equal pay for equal work. We must protect reproductive freedom and work across party lines for a safe world. I have often joked about some of the things that have been said to me over the years that are too colorful, in a negative way, to repeat here, but I want everyone to know, whether friend or foe, whether critic or admirer, I do appreciate the fact that you let me know how you felt about my work one way or the other. To close, I will read a handwritten letter I received in October from one of the greatest jazz musicians in our country, Sonny Rollins, into the R
ECORD . He was recently honored at the Kennedy Center. He wrote in longhand the following: 
Greetings—so so sorry that we are not going to have you for us anymore. I’ve al-ways been interested in politics, marching as a 6 year old with my activist grandmother for civil rights. It has been such a joy and in-spiration knowing that Barbara Boxer was there for us. God bless you, your family, and loved ones—And thank you. You will be missed and we all love you. Have a beautiful life, just like you have made life beautiful for so many citizens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.016 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6772 December 7, 2016 
I wish to thank Sonny Rollins. I don’t know him personally. I met him once, but what he said is all I wanted to do—make life beautiful for people. I didn’t always succeed. I didn’t always prevail. I felt the pain of losing many times, but I can honestly say I never stopped trying. I was able to do it be-cause of the love, understanding and support of my husband of 55 years, Stewart, who is here today. He gave me so much, including the best political name ever. I did it because of my son Doug, my daughter Nicole, my daugh-ter-in-law Amy, my son-in-law Kevin, and four incredible grandchildren, Zach, Zain, Sawyer, and Reyna, and be-cause of the people of California who sent me here time and time again—10 years in the House and 24 years in the Senate. I had the opportunity to never stop trying. I had the opportunity to speak out, and no matter how many times I had to try, I did. Here is the thing. I have this platform, which is an extraordinary honor. This is a sacred position, and I say to my colleagues that no matter who says what about it, it is a sacred position. Hold your head high. So many here have fought the good fight and will continue to fight the good fight, and I will always treasure my time serving the people. They gave me a purpose in my life that I will al-ways cherish. They made me a better person. They made my life more beau-tiful than I ever could have imagined, and for that I am forever grateful. I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). The Senator from Oklahoma. 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA BOXER  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, that was a very emotional and heartfelt speech. As I look around, I know there are a lot of people who want to respond and be heard, but I grabbed it first. This will be real short. I believe it was the majority leader who gave me a quote this morning. He made the comment that the two of you agree on nothing, but you get every-thing done. Mrs. BOXER. That is right. Mr. INHOFE. There is a reason for that. If you stop and think about it, we came to the House and Senate at about the same time. There are no two people in this body who are further apart from each other than B
ARBARA BOXER and J
IMINHOFE . Yet we have something beautiful. I hesitate to show this AP picture of our embrace, but it has to be in the record here somewhere. For 12 years, we swapped—back and forth—being chairman of the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee. I always remember when the Repub-licans were in the majority back in— let’s see. We lost it in 2006. I remember seeing B
ARBARA , Al Gore, and all these other people danced in and out the door saying the world is going to come to an end unless we do all of these things. At that time, she said something very profound that I never forgot, and I thought about it for the next 8 years. She said that we look at things dif-ferently. We had an election and elec-tions have consequences. Remember that elections have consequences. Well, 2 years ago, the Republicans took over, and I gave her a T-shirt that said: ‘‘Elections have consequences.’’ During all that time, we didn’t really change in terms of what we were doing to-gether. I have a list of the things we have done that I left someplace, but, nevertheless, we did the highway bill in 1998 and 2005. All of the things we did actually worked. I remember when we had a news conference on TSCA. When I looked around, I saw all of my very liberal Democratic friends and me, and I thought: Wait a minute. How did this happen? We have been able to work together and get things done, and I have been very proud of that. In fact, I shouldn’t say this because I am going to divulge our confidence, but we have meetings just as Democrats have their meetings. All the chairmen get together, and when it was my turn to make a state-ment, I said: Now, from the committee that gets things done. Anyway, that is the way it has been. I disagreed with Senator BOXER on a lot of the regulations, and I have told her many times she has every right to be wrong. Mrs. BOXER. You do. Mr. INHOFE. But on the things that were really important, we did manage to get things accomplished. There is an awful lot of hate around here, and it is so unnecessary. You can disagree with someone and love them anyway. I have to say that confession is good for the soul, but I want my good friend to know I am truly going to miss her around here. Mrs. BOXER. I thank the Senator from Oklahoma so much. Mr. INHOFE. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, the rela-tionship we felt was based on trust and honesty. We never ever misled each other. I just love the Senator’s staff. I really do. Our staff developed the same type of relationship that we devel-oped—disagreeing on many things but understanding that we can work to-gether and find common ground. I just hope, as I step out the door—Lord knows when that will be, given this place—that others will form this type of bond across party lines because without it, things just don’t work right. I want my friend to know it has been a great pleasure to work with him in every way, shape, and form. One of us is from Venus and one of us is from Mars, and that is just the way it is. We just see the world differently, but it hasn’t stopped us from putting aside those disagreements. We were never bitter with each other. We had a pretty big divide. One per-son said climate change is a hoax and the other said it is the biggest threat we have to deal with, but we knew there was no way we could come to-gether so we kind of put it aside and didn’t let it spoil our friendship or our ability to work together in any way. So I think it is a very important message to many chairmen and rank-ing members that if there is honesty— set it aside if you can’t work together, but where you can find those sweet spots, do it because everyone wants— they are cheering us on from the out-side. I can’t tell you how many people at home tell me: We don’t know how you do it, but it is great what you and INHOFE get done. Fortunately, we never lost an elec-tion over our friendship, which could have happened, you know. They could have said: I am not going to vote for him; he talks to her. But we were able to prove that we can do it. So, J
IM, I am honored that you came down to the floor. I am honored that Senator M
CCONNELL said such nice things. I am so honored that so many came to the floor to hear my farewell remarks. Again, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. 
FAREWELL TO THE SENATE  
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, it is with deep gratitude that I rise today to address my Senate colleagues and members of my staff with whom I have had the privilege of serving over the last 6 years. First and foremost, I want to thank the people of New Hampshire for giving me the extraordinary opportunity to serve them. From Nashua to Newport, to the North Country, they have in-spired me. The people of our State are hard-working, caring, compassionate people with grit. They have a fierce sense of independence that I respect and admire. That spirit has guided me during my time here, and it has been the privilege of a lifetime to serve them. I want to thank my family—my hus-band Joe, my wingman. Joe is a patriot with a heart of service. That is why he served our country as a fighter pilot in the Air Force and why he has been my biggest supporter during my service not only as New Hampshire’s attorney general but as a Senator. We are so proud of our children, Kate and Jake, who are now 12 and 9. My family has sacrificed so that I could serve the peo-ple of New Hampshire, and I am grate-ful for their patience and love. I also thank my mother Kathy, who is and al-ways has been my mentor and No. 1 cheerleader. I could not have done it without her help and that of my step-father Jim, my uncle Jack, my aunt Jane, and all of our extended family who have done so much for us. They made it possible for me to serve, and there are not adequate words to ex-press how much their love and support means to me. I also thank my wonderful and hard- working staff in New Hampshire and Washington, whose dedication, work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.017 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6773 December 7, 2016 
ethic, and talent are unparalleled in the Senate. I am especially fortunate that some of the members of my staff have served by my side since I was first sworn in 6 years ago. My staff is dedi-cated, creative, tireless, and compas-sionate. I am so proud of our team and all we have accomplished together. I am confident that they will continue to work to create a brighter future for New Hampshire and for our country. I ask unanimous consent to have a list of their names printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CURRENT STAFF  Kristine Adams, Erica Andeweg, Daniel Auger, Camden Bisson, Bradley Bowman, John Chambers III, Ryan Clark, Frederick Dressler, Adam Hechavarria, Kelsey Keegan, Shaylyn Kelly, Marne Marotta, Myles Matteson, Richard Murphy III, Kayla Na-tions, Gabriel Noronha, Taylor Reidy, Samantha Roberts, Chloe Rockow, Bethany Scully, DeWayne Thomas, Elizabeth John-son, Gene Chandler, Jerome Maslan, Cynthia Woodward, Jane Bosse, Christopher Connelly, Joseph Doiron, Orville Fitch, Mi-chael Garcia, Eric Hensel, Stephen Monier, John Pearson, Neva Varsalone, Gretchen Wade, Lauren Zelt, Matthew Bartlett, Bren-da Kittle, Anne Warburton, Kathryn Sul-livan. 
FORMER STAFF  Kelcey Raymond, Nathanael Anderson, Robin Anderson, William Ardinger, Christin Ballou, Benjamin Bradley, Gwendolyn Cas-sidy, Thomas DeRosa, Virginia Demers, Den-nis Deziel, Elizabeth Drumm, Danielle Duchesne, John Easton, Robert Fraser, Rob-ert Ganim, Elliot Gault, Claire Gimbastiani, Jeffrey Grappone, Elizabeth Guyton, Tim-othy Hefferan, Brian Hodges, Kathryn Horgan, Debra Jarrett, Alison Kamataris, Sean Knox, John Lawrence, Andrew Leach, Emily Lynch, Cathy Myers, Francy Nichols, Margaret Ouellette, Irina Owens, Kelsey Pat-ten, Brianna Puccini, Matt Reeder, Wade Sarraf, Michael Scala, Robert Seidman, Lauren Spivey, Alexander Stanford, Susan- Anne Terzakis, Simon Thomson, Linda Tomlinson. 
Ms. AYOTTE. I want to take a mo-ment to thank the Capitol Police, who devote themselves to keeping us safe each and every day and who have be-come friends to my staff and me over the years. I am so grateful for all of our first responders who put their lives on the line each and every day to keep us safe. I also thank the Senate floor staff, the pages, and everyone who works so hard behind the scenes to make our work possible here. During the past 6 years, I have trav-eled throughout New Hampshire talk-ing to people from all walks of life, lis-tening to their ideas and learning from their experiences. I have met so many hard-working people in our State who have, in turn, inspired me to work hard on their behalf. True to the nature of our great State, they have never been shy about letting me know what is on their minds, whether it was at one of the 50 townhall meetings we held or in the grocery aisle at the Market Basket. They sent me to the Senate with a sense of purpose. It has been an honor to fight for them and their families every single day. One of the most rewarding aspects of my time in the Senate has been stand-ing up for those who put their lives on the line for our country—our veterans and our men and women in uniform and their families. Today, we mark the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. We are reminded once again of their selfless service and sacrifice on behalf of our great Nation. I was honored during my time here to lead the charge to repeal unfair cuts for our military retirees and to help make progress toward improving ac-cess to local health care for veterans in New Hampshire, who for far too long have been forced to travel long dis-tances to receive care from a VA facil-ity because we don’t have a full-service hospital, unfortunately, in the State of New Hampshire. Too often, our vet-erans are not treated as they should be, and this has to change. They have sac-rificed so much for our freedom and de-serve only the best from us. As the wife of a combat veteran who served in Iraq, nothing has been more important to me than keeping our country safe. That commitment is deeply personal to me. One of the greatest privileges I have had as a Sen-ator is to visit with members of our New Hampshire National Guard and our men and women in uniform who serve overseas and are there now as we are here today. We pray for their safe return. They make us so proud. They represent the very best of our State and our country. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I have been proud to advo-cate for the Portsmouth Naval Ship-yard and the skilled workers there who make vital contributions to our na-tional security. This has been a team effort between New Hampshire and Maine. I thank my colleagues—Senator SHAHEEN ; Senator C OLLINS , whom I see here today; and Senator A
NGUS KING— for their incredible work in supporting the shipyard. I especially want to thank Senator S
HAHEEN for all the work we did to-gether on important issues for our State. Whether it was advocating for the shipyard, for Pease and the 157th Air Refueling Wing to receive the new tanker, for our National Guard, or for our veterans, we always looked for ways to come together for the people of New Hampshire, and I appreciate her dedication and service. Since I first came to the Senate, one of my top priorities has been reversing the Obama administration’s misguided policy to empty and close the Guanta-namo Bay detention facility. Each year I have led efforts to prevent the trans-fer of terrorist to the United States, to our soil here, and to urge the adminis-tration to be transparent with the American people about these dangerous detainees. As I have called for previously, I hope the new administration will imme-diately halt the dangerous policy of re-leasing Guantanamo terrorists to other countries where they even rejoin ter-rorist activities, and finally establish a commonsense detention policy that keeps terrorists off the battlefield and protects American lives and our na-tional security. We made progress in saving taxpayer dollars at the Pentagon—and I know there is more work that needs to be done—by ending wasteful programs, such as the missile to nowhere, and passing the Never Contract With the Enemy legislation that cut through redtape and helped prevent tens of mil-lions of dollars from ending up in the hands of our enemies. Working with Chairman MCCAIN, I was proud to help lead the successful effort to help prevent the premature retirement of the A–10 aircraft, ensur-ing that our ground troops continue to have the best close air support possible to keep them safe. During my time on the committee, I have had the privilege of working closely with Chairman J
OHN MCCAIN and Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM to ensure that America maintains the strongest and best military in the world and to ensure that our country continues to be the greatest force for good in the world. There are no stronger voices in this body for America’s leadership in the world, nor fiercer advocates for our men and women in uniform than Chair-man J
OHNMCCAINand Senator L INDSEY  G
RAHAM . Now more than ever, we need their leadership, expertise, and passion for keeping this country safe with the challenges we face around the world. I am honored to have worked with them and, most of all, to call them my friends. Serving on the Armed Services Com-mittee has been one of the best experi-ences I have had in the Senate. I want to express my gratitude to all of my fellow committee members because it has truly been a bipartisan effort each year to ensure our troops have the re-sources they need to do their jobs. I see Senator M
CCASKILL , the Sen-ator from Missouri, here. I have deeply appreciated the work we have done to-gether on behalf of our men and women in uniform. Thank you. Going forward, it is critical that Con-gress and the next administration work together to reverse the harmful cuts to our military and to ensure that we have a defense budget based on the threats we face around the world right now, which are unprecedented. Another issue that has been near and dear to my heart is addressing a dev-astating epidemic that is facing the State of New Hampshire; that is, the heroin and prescription opioid epi-demic that is taking a devastating toll on our State. I have met so many peo-ple in New Hampshire who are hurting because of this epidemic—mothers and fathers who have lost children, broth-ers and sisters who have lost siblings. Many of the families who have been af-fected have become my dear friends, like Doug and Pam Griffin of Newton, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Dec 07, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.019 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6774 December 7, 2016 
NH, who lost their beautiful daughter Courtney, who had so much potential. They lost her to an overdose. The Griffins, like so many other fam-ilies in New Hampshire I have met, have turned their pain into passion to save our families. I have learned so much from their experiences. They in-spired me to work with a group of great Senators and my colleagues: Sen-ator R
OBPORTMAN , who I know is here today; Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE  from Rhode Island; and Senator A
MY K
LOBUCHAR from Minnesota. The four of us came together and worked on what is called the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act. This bill will provide a much needed framework for addressing this epidemic through pre-vention, treatment, recovery, and sup-port for our first responders, who are doing so much for this epidemic. As a bipartisan team, we worked on this leg-islation for more than 2 years. Our bill passed the Senate overwhelmingly and was signed into law earlier this year. CARA will focus on the best pro-grams to help State and locale efforts in turning around the tide of addiction that is facing so many in this country. CARA is an important first step, but there is so much more work that needs to be done. I am encouraged that be-cause of our efforts, this body has rec-ognized the seriousness of this crisis. I was particularly glad to advocate for $1 billion in funding to address the heroin epidemic being included in the 21st Century Cures Act, which we are expected to pass and send to the Presi-dent this week. I thank Senator L
AMAR  A
LEXANDER for his incredible leader-ship in getting this important public health bill passed. The funding in the 21st Century Cures bill goes hand in hand with the important policy provi-sions in the CARA bill and will help save lives in New Hampshire and across this country. Finally, I would like to return to the reason I ran for the Senate back in 2010: to make sure we leave New Hamp-shire and our Nation stronger and bet-ter off for the next generation. As the mother of two young children, I was in-creasingly concerned that, left un-checked, our skyrocketing national debt would ultimately burden future generations and diminish their oppor-tunities. I ran because I believed it was time for New Hampshire to bring some of its common sense here to Washington to deal with our Nation’s spending habits. On every committee I served on, we looked for ways to cut wasteful spend-ing and fought to hold the government accountable for the way it spends our hard-earned taxpayer dollars. It is my hope that this issue will be at the top of the agenda of the incoming Congress and the new administration. If there is anything I have learned in my time here, it is that it takes cooperation from both sides of the aisle to get things done. It has been a privilege to serve with so many in this body who care about our country deeply and work tirelessly each day on behalf of their constitu-ents. I am so honored as I see my col-leagues who are here today, because I know how hard you work every day. I want to thank you for what you do on behalf of the people of this country. I am humbled by what I have learned from each of you and from each of my colleagues in the Senate and for the op-portunity to serve with so many good people on behalf of our great Nation. I thank each of you for your dedicated service and, most of all, for your friendship. Without leadership here, things just don’t get done. I especially want to thank Majority Leader MITCH MCCON-
NELL for his commitment to making the Senate work and to making sure we are doing the people’s business. On a personal note, I have deeply ap-preciated his mentorship and his friendship. Working with our new President, the Senate has a fresh opportunity to cre-ate a better quality of life for all Americans in this great country. That means elected leaders will need to work together and put aside our par-tisan differences. During this election, we heard the frustrations of the American people with their government. They rightly expect this body to move forward in solving the significant challenges fac-ing our Nation, such as getting our fis-cal House in order, ensuring that fami-lies can afford quality health care without Washington between them and their doctors, reforming our broken Tax Code so we can keep and grow jobs here in the United States of America, and foremost, keeping America safe in a dangerous world. My hope is that the Members of this body will appeal to the better angels of our nature, put partisanship aside, and focus on the challenge of building a more perfect union because the chal-lenges before us are great and we can-not hope to overcome them unless we do so working hand in hand. I know my Senate colleagues are people of great character, and they are up to this chal-lenge. I wish them the very best as they continue their very important work on behalf of the people of the greatest Nation on Earth. To the people of New Hampshire, Joe and I thank you from the bottom of our hearts for the greatest honor of a lifetime, for serving you and for the privilege of serving in the United States Senate with so many good peo-ple. Mr. President, I thank you, and I yield the floor. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from New Hamp-shire. 
TRIBUTES TO KELLY AYOTTE  
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am pleased that I could be here for Senator A
YOTTE ’s farewell address and honored to have had the opportunity to serve with her over the past 6 years. Six years ago, I stood on this floor to rec-ognize another departing Senator from New Hampshire, Judd Gregg. I said then about my relationship with Sen-ator Gregg something that is also true about my relationship with Senator AYOTTE : that we always managed to disagree without being disagreeable. I am grateful to Senator A
YOTTE for this, and I am proud that we have been able to maintain that civility and bi-partisanship even in the course of two very close and very tough election cy-cles. That is the New Hampshire way— putting partisanship aside whenever possible and seeking practical, prag-matic solutions to address people’s critical needs. As she said, time and time again, Senator A
YOTTE and I have teamed up to advance legislation of special impor-tance to the Granite State, including strongly advocating for veterans, for the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, and for the New Hampshire National Guard and that new KC–46 tanker. Together, we fought to secure more resources for law enforcement and treatment profes-sionals who are on the frontlines of the opioid crisis, including this week im-portant new funding in the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act. I want to publicly express my grati-tude to K
ELLY for her dedicated service to the people of New Hampshire and, more broadly, the people of the United States. Over the last 6 years, Senator A
YOTTE has earned respect on both sides of the aisle in this body and in New Hampshire. I know that her hus-band Joe and their two wonderful chil-dren, Kate and Jacob, are very, very proud of her service in the Senate. Looking to the future, there is no ques-tion in my mind that she will continue to serve the State and the country she loves. K
ELLY , I wish you and your family all the best in the years ahead. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to pay tribute to my dear friend and colleague, the Senator from New Hampshire, K
ELLY AYOTTE . I first met K
ELLY in 2010 when I joined her for a townhall meeting in Nashua, NH. My affection for the State of New Hampshire dates back to my bid for President in 2000, so it was a familiar setting to join so many old friends in support of her campaign for the U.S. Senate. I was impressed with Senator A
YOTTE ’s deep understanding of the top challenges facing the country, the seri-ousness with which she approached her work, and the ease with which she en-gaged with members of the audience, gracefully handling spirited debates and sparring matches with voters—a staple of the townhall meetings in New Hampshire I always admired. I knew then we would be fast friends. In the Senate, Senator A
YOTTE  brought the same tenacity to her work, distinguishing herself as a rising star 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.021 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6775 December 7, 2016 
in the Republican Party and a leader willing to work across party lines to get things done. Senator A
YOTTE has approached every issue candidly and pragmatically—something that is all too often lacking in politics today. ‘‘I call them like I see them,’’ she once said. ‘‘And that means not just with the opposing party, but with my own party.’’ Senator A
YOTTE took this mantra on the road, continuing the tradition of the New Hampshire town-hall meetings by holding more than 50 townhall meetings in small towns and cities across New Hampshire, where she spoke directly with her constituents about the issues impacting their fami-lies. But, in my view, Senator A
YOTTE ’s best work lies in her contribution to defense and national security as a member of the Armed Services Com-mittee. Coming from a military family, her commitment to strengthening our Armed Forces is deeply personal. That has contributed to her tireless advo-cacy on issues important to New Hampshire, to Pease Air National Guard Base, the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, and to all military and civil-ian personnel supporting our national security who call New Hampshire home. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness, Senator A
YOTTE has called attention to the dangerous readiness crisis and has been a consistent advo-cate for making sure the men and women of our Armed Forces have the resources they need to defend the Na-tion. She has authored numerous legis-lative proposals to eliminate wasteful and duplicative spending in the Depart-ment of Defense so that we can rein-vest the savings in rebuilding our mili-tary. She passed legislation to save over $1 billion in the Pentagon’s budget and to keep U.S. tax dollars out of the hands of America’s enemies. She has been a leading advocate for repealing arbitrary budget cuts and the mindless mechanism of sequestration which con-tinues to weaken our military and puts the lives of our servicemembers at greater risk. Senator A
YOTTE ’s fight to prevent the Air Force from mothballing the A– 10 Warthog attack planes showed the very best she has to offer. As the wife of a retired A–10 pilot who flew combat missions in Iraq and an expert in de-fense policy, Senator A
YOTTE under-stood the critical role this aircraft plays in providing close air support for our fighting men and women. Year after year, she led the fight to prevent the Obama administration from fol-lowing through on its plan to retire that fleet, pushing through measures in annual Defense authorization bills that would prevent any premature di-vestment of this aircraft. At the end of the day, she was right. The Air Force conceded to this aircraft’s value and reversed its decision, delaying any di-vestment until at least 2022. Anyone who has watched Senator A
YOTTE question a witness in the Armed Services Committee will not be surprised to learn of her background as New Hampshire’s first female attorney general. I have been a fortunate ob-server of more than one occasion in which a bureaucrat withered under skilled cross-examination by Senator AYOTTE . She takes her oversight role extremely seriously and believes in holding our Nation’s leaders account-able. In every way, Senator A
YOTTE rose to meet the responsibilities and opportu-nities of her office. There are many qualities that are important to being a good Senator, but none, in my opinion, is more important than standing firm for what you believe. That is what Sen-ator A
YOTTE has done. She has never wavered in her commitment to prin-ciple, and this body is better for it. On a more personal note, I have cher-ished the friendship and partnership of Senator K
ELLY AYOTTE . The kindness and courtesy she has extended to her colleagues has made this institution a better place, and her principled leader-ship has served as an example to all of us. In K
ELLY , you could always find a warm smile that served as a reminder that serving here is truly a joy and a privilege. While I will miss K
ELLY ’s presence in the Senate, I will continue to rely on her wise counsel and friendship, and I am confident our Nation will continue to benefit from her talents for many years to come. With this in mind, I thank my dear friend and valued col-league, Senator K
ELLY AYOTTE , for her service to the Nation and this body. And until the Nation calls on her again, I wish her and her husband Joe and their children, Katherine and Jacob, fair winds and following seas. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I don’t have eloquent prepared remarks, as the chairman just delivered, but I will tell you this: I have been lucky enough to be in the trenches with K
ELLY AYOTTE , and when you are in the trenches with K
ELLY AYOTTE , there is something about her demeanor that lifts you up. It was a tough fight where we were outnumbered, particularly by our fellow women Senators, and it was hard. It was really hard and emotional, and every time I would walk up to K
ELLY in full-blown panic mode, this smile would radiate; the reassuring pat on my shoulder that we have the facts on our side, that the emotional argu-ments might be on the other side but the facts were on our side. It kept me strong and it kept me focused. I will tell you three things I know in my heart about K
ELLY AYOTTE : She is a warrior, she is a class act, and she is my friend. Thank you, K
ELLY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Thank you very much. Mr. President, I just want to attest to C
LAIRE and K ELLY —if I go to war, I want to go with you all because when the bullets fly, you get tougher. I love all my colleagues, but sometimes the stress of the debate wears you down pretty quickly. The more contentious, the better you were. So, KELLY , the best way we can pay you back is to keep up the fight and make sure that we have a fair military justice system and that commanders are accountable but they are still in charge. An observation: For people with young kids, this has to be a tough job. I don’t have any children, but I can’t imagine the schedule if you have young kids. I have gotten to know K
ELLY , Joe, and Kate and Jake, and I can only imagine what it is like for Joe to be a single parent 3 days a week, running a business, trying to get kids off to school. I can tell you from being K
ELLY ’s friend—and J OHN and I have traveled all over the world with K
ELLY —that was a constant strain for her. I am sure it is true of every young mother in America doing any job, but having to be gone and having to bal-ance the needs of her kids and being a mom and a wife and all that good stuff—all I can tell you, for you and Joe—if you meet Kate and Jake, you all did good. If you meet these kids, it has been an enriching 6 years. They are full of life. I think you both handled it very well. You should be proud of the long list of things you have accomplished. But I guess what I saw in you and what I wish more of us would embrace is an attitude that nothing is too hard, noth-ing is too challenging if you really be-lieve you are here for a purpose. You didn’t talk about immigration. I don’t blame you. The immigration fight is one of the hardest fights I have ever been in, particularly on our side. It is not easy on your side, but on our side it is really tough. K
ELLY was there pushing over the line a bill that I think made a lot of sense. The debt. Everybody talks about it, but nobody wants to do anything about it. We have had a couple of sessions with 10 and 20 Senators trying to find a way to get more revenue and do enti-tlement reform, something like Simp-son-Bowles. If you don’t do that, the country is going to become like Greece. Every time we had a meeting, every time we had a session about doing hard stuff, K
ELLY was there. I remember sequestration. J
EANNE  S
HAHEEN and K ELLY AYOTTE were two of the six Senators trying to find a way to set aside these defense cuts in a bal-anced approach without destroying the military. I think what you should be most proud of is that you served for 6 years and your kids are great, that you made a lot of friendships that will last a life-time, and that your best days are yet to come. You can tell the people of New Hamp-shire—or I will tell them for you if they can understand me. Apparently they couldn’t because I didn’t do that well when I ran for President. The bot-tom line is that K
ELLY never blinked. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.006 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6776 December 7, 2016 
She went into the sound of gunfire. She took on the hardest challenges. She did it with style and grace, and everybody in this body is better off for having met K
ELLY AYOTTE . I look forward to working with you for years to come. The three amigos are now two, and there will never be a third amigo like you. I yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, we have heard a lot of wonderful things about K
ELLY AYOTTE today and all are deserved. You notice they have come from both sides of the aisle, and they come from Members who were talking about her expertise on national secu-rity—as J
OHNMCCAINdid eloquently— and homeland security. I certainly have worked with her on those issues. I was with her on the Armed Services Committee when I first came to the Senate, and we are on the Homeland Security Committee now. She has been a champion for those issues, there is no question about it. She has helped to keep our country safer, and legislation that she has championed will help to make it safer for our kids and grandkids. I have also worked with her on other issues, and I wish to talk about that for a second. One is this way in which we as a Chamber can ensure we are cre-ating more jobs, being more energy independent, helping the environment, and that is energy efficiency. She has been a leader on that issue. J
EANNE SHAHEEN and I have legisla-tion that we are still working to get all of it done, but we have gotten some of it done, and K
ELLY AYOTTE was a huge part of that. In fact, her legislation on Tenant Star is now law of the land. It is helping to make commercial build-ings and office buildings, more energy efficient. Again, it has the added ben-efit of creating jobs and making the economy stronger while improving our environment. That is what she has led on as well. I have also worked with her on issues you would expect someone who is a na-tional security expert to lead on. Iran sanctions, she has taken the lead on some of the issues that resulted in the incredible vote we had on the floor of this Senate just a few days ago when virtually every Senator voted to ex-tend those sanctions, but I have worked with her on another issue that has nothing to do with our national se-curity; it has everything to do with our family security. It has to do with en-suring that people have the oppor-tunity to achieve their God-given pur-pose in life. It has to do with stopping the deterioration of our communities, families being torn apart, and the enor-mous impact we have seen of the opioid epidemic. Starting often with prescrip-tion drugs, often leading to heroin— now synthetic heroins such as fentanyl, carfentanil, and U–4, these are very difficult issues. I have seen no one in this Chamber who has a greater passion for this issue than KELLY AYOTTE , and it comes out of experience. It is borne of experience of walking around New Hampshire communities with families who have lost a loved one. Earlier she talked about befriending a family who had lost their beautiful daughter to this horrible epidemic. It comes from going to the treatment centers and seeing the people who are in the trenches, sav-ing lives, and improving lives. It comes from talking to those who at one point had great promise in their lives and got off track, seeing those people in a detox unit as she has done or seeing them in a treatment center or, promis-ingly, seeing them now in recovery and beginning to get their lives back to-gether. This is not an issue of Republicans or Democrats. It is not an issue that is po-litical. It is an issue that is in the heart of K
ELLY AYOTTE because it af-fects the communities she knows in New Hampshire, the people she loves in New Hampshire, and now, sadly, our Nation. On that issue, she has led, not just to draft legislation—and she talked about the CARE legislation which is going to change the dynamic and get the Fed-eral Government to be a better partner with State and local and begin to turn this tide—not just the Cures legisla-tion, which does have funding for the next 2 years to try to stop some of this horrible growth in addictions, overdoses and deaths, but she has done this house-to-house, family-to-family, person-to-person back home to give people hope and to help gather the sup-port in communities around New Hampshire to fight back. She will con-tinue to do that. She is not doing it as a U.S. Senator. After all, she is doing it as a mom, she is doing it as a citizen. I am looking forward to continuing to work with her on that issue as well as the other issues we have talked about today. Her public service career is not over; in a sense, it is really just beginning. I know she will be active on the national security issues, on fight-ing against the heroin epidemic, on en-suring that we continue to have a safer and stronger country. I, for one, look forward to working with her on that. I thank her for her service. I thank her, her kids, and Joe for their sac-rifice because this isn’t an easy job. It does take you away from your family. Yet, in 2009, she decided she was going to serve her country because she was worried about the direction it was going. She did that, she did it val-iantly, and she deserves our praise today. K
ELLY , we are going to miss you, but we also look forward to continuing to work with you on all of the issues that were talked about today. Thank you for your service. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I am very pleased to be on the floor with my colleagues today and most especially pleased to be here to honor my good friend KELLY AYOTTE as she leaves the Senate but does not leave public serv-ice. Believe it or not, I first met K
ELLY  on the softball field when we were on the Congressional women’s softball team. I was in the House, and K
ELLY  was the cocaptain in the Senate. We raised money for young survivors of breast cancer. I knew then I wanted to get to the Senate to be good friends with K
ELLY because when you talk about being in the trenches, she was such a competitor. When you think about a team, a baseball team or a softball team, who is the toughest person on the team? Everybody wants to say the pitcher. In my view, it is the catcher. Guess who our catcher was. K
ELLY AYOTTE was and is, and so we became good friends then. We found we have a lot of love for physical activities. We are both run-ners. We have run a couple of times to-gether. We participate in the 3-mile run that we have every May that deter-mines who is the fastest male Senator, who is the fastest woman Senator. Well, guess who the fastest woman Senator is. You got it. She just blew right by me every year so I might have hope next year. I don’t know. I will have to check out the newcomers. But K
ELLY was always such a great compet-itor on the softball field, running in 5Ks, and just being around in general. As we have heard from everybody, you have served your State with integ-rity and passion. I know it is tough on your family. I see Joe in the Gallery. I have met your beautiful children, Kate and Jake. I have heard you on the phone planning daycare while the rest of us are figuring out how we are going to get home that night or what we are doing in our committees. As a young mother, K
ELLY is still trying to make the ends meet. I have such admiration for that as a mother myself. I know how difficult it is, but I know the three of them know that no matter if you were here figuring that out, they were always No. 1 in your heart. I think that is a real tribute to you. We have heard all of the issues she has been so out front on. Particularly as I am from a State like West Vir-ginia—the opioid issue has really im-pacted our rural areas. When I visited K
ELLY twice over the last 6 months in New Hampshire, it was the same kind of impact. It is small towns, families, people who know each other. It hurts everybody. K
ELLY , thank you for your leadership there. That is going to make not just a mark in your State but across our Nation and in my State in particular. We traveled to Gitmo together. I had never been to Gitmo before. To have an expert such as K
ELLY explain to me and to hear her question what is going on there and how important it is and was, she continues to be in the fight that she led to make sure we don’t have ter-rorists on our own home soil. The fact 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.007 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6777 December 7, 2016 
that Gitmo is still open and is still functioning to keep those very dan-gerous folks off of our shores I think is a tribute to K
ELLY ’s leadership. In terms of New Hampshire, as you move away from here, I know you are going to realize how you have impacted the people where you live and in your home State, but just kind of multiply that all over the Nation. We have a huge debt of gratitude to you and your family for being here for 6 years, but as I have told you repeatedly since the election, this is not the last time we are going to hear from K
ELLY AYOTTE  or about K
ELLY AYOTTE . To me, that is a very strengthening thing when I talk about my friend. I am not going to say goodbye be-cause I don’t think we will be saying goodbye. I am going to say Godspeed, good luck. You will land on your feet because you always do. Keep running, I will keep running, and maybe I can keep running and improve my time so I can at least see the backs of your feet as you are running past me. It has been a real privilege to serve with you. It has been great to be your friend, and I look forward to keeping our relationship very viable and alive as the time moves on. Thanks, K
ELLY . I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). The Senator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, like my friends on both sides of the aisle, I, too, come to the floor to say a few words about my friend and mentor, Senator K
ELLY AYOTTE . I use the word ‘‘mentor’’ in actually an official capac-ity. When you come to the Senate—and like you, Madam President, I am part of the new class of 2014. When you come to the Senate, you are assigned a men-tor. I think the idea is that you come in, you are clueless, you don’t really know what is going on, and so you have somebody who is smart and experi-enced to mentor you. Everybody gets a mentor. I was very fortunate to have K
ELLY  A
YOTTE as my mentor. I certainly learned a lot from her. She took the time to help me understand how this important body works. We talked about things like work life balance— with somebody such as K
ELLY who has kids. It wasn’t just those kinds of issues. I had the great opportunity to serve on a couple of very important committees with Senator A
YOTTE —on the Armed Services Committee, on the Commerce Committee—and like my colleague from Missouri, I really learned a lot watching her in action. She was always prepared, always engaged, and always tenacious when it came to certain wit-nesses. Of course, like a lot of us, we shared certain passions for our coun-try—certainly a strong national de-fense. My State, like a lot of States such as New Hampshire, is suffering from the opioid crisis. Watching her and Senator P
ORTMAN literally lead the country on this issue was so important. I end by saying what I really learned from my mentor was from watching the way she dealt with other people, the way she always treated people with respect, with class, with optimism, and with dignity. That is probably more important than anything, not only in the U.S. Senate but in our country. I thank KELLY as a mentor. She was a great role model not only for me but all of the 13 Members of the class of 2014. I know she will be serving her country and her State in a lot more ways. I look forward to watching that and continuing to call her my good friend. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Maryland. 
FAREWELL TO THE SENATE  
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise to take the floor for what I call my summing-up speech. It is not my fare-well speech because I have the honor and privilege of being the ranking member and former chairman of the Appropriations Committee. I will speak later on this week when we move the continuing resolution. It is the practice and the tradition of the Senate that when a Senator is de-parting the Senate, they give what they call their farewell address. Well, mine is not going to be as memorable as when George Washington resigned his commission or other memorable speeches, but I do want to say words about how I feel today about having the great opportunity to serve in the Congress. I have spent 30 years in the Senate, 10 years in the House of Representatives, and, yes, 5 years in the Baltimore City Council. I have served in elected public office for 45 years. More than half of my life has been in elected public serv-ice but, at the same time, all of my life has been focused on service. I rise today to thank the people of Maryland. I rise to thank them for their vote of confidence. When people vote for you, it is not only that they are sending you to Washington or send-ing you to city hall. They are giving you a vote of confidence that you will be their voice, that you will be their vote, that you will be at their side and on their side, and that is what I want to be able to talk about today. The people of Baltimore gave me my first shot at running for the Baltimore City Council. When I beat the political bosses, when running for political of-fice as a woman was considered a nov-elty, they said: You don’t look the part. But I said: This is what the part looks like, and this is what the part is going to be like. Along the way, so many people helped me. Behind ‘‘me’’ is a whole lot of ‘‘we.’’ I got started in public life because of volunteers and activists who, on their own time and on their own dime, vol-unteered themselves to not only help me get elected but to be involved in their communities, to be civically en-gaged, to make their community and their country a better place. These are the people who were behind me. Well, guess what. No, I was behind them, be-cause they certainly have led the way. Along the way, there were people who also not only helped me get elect-ed, but they helped me govern—people who, again, volunteered their own time. I had a wonderful service acad-emy board that helped me pick the best and the brightest to serve in our mili-tary academies—people with distin-guished careers in either the military or in education. I had a judicial ap-pointment advisory board that made sure I helped nominate the best people to serve in the Federal judiciary. Also, I had a veterans advisory group that brought to me what was really hap-pening to the veterans, not what was in the press releases from the Veterans’ Administration. Of course, I had a fab-ulous strategy group that functioned as a kitchen cabinet. It was a kitchen cabinet. We spent a lot of time cooking things up to try to make our country and our communities better places. So I thank them all for what they did. But, when we come here to try to serve the people who sent us here, we cannot do it alone. So we have a fabu-lous staff, both that serves us in Wash-ington and serves us in our State. I wish to thank my current staff: my chief of staff, Shannon Kula; my dep-uty chief of staff, Rachel MacKnight; my State director, Nichelle Schoultz; my legislative director, Brigid Houton; my communications director, Matt Jorgenson; my scheduling director, Catie Finley; my office manager, Josh Yearsley; my appropriations staff di-rector, Chuck Kieffer; and my appro-priations deputy staff director, Jean Toal Eisen; and of course, all of my staff in my State office who helped me. There is also the support staff who made sure that the phones got an-swered. You didn’t get one of those ‘‘call 1, call 2, press 7, press 184,’’ et cetera. Also, there are the people who answer the mail, whether it was snail mail, which so much of it was when I came, or email, because we really be-lieved that we needed to be here for the people. I called their names, but there are also others who filled those jobs throughout my time in public office. They worked very hard to make sure that we could represent the people of Maryland and to be on their side. After 45 years, though, it is time for me to say goodbye to elected office, but not to service. I have the high privilege of being the longest serving woman in congres-sional history. But I say it is not how long you serve but how well you serve. For those who know me and have been to rallies and so on, they know that I say: ‘‘I am here to work on the macro issues and I am here to work on the macaroni and cheese issues’’—to work on the big picture, to make sure that the people’s day-to-day needs were con-verted into public policy or, while we are working on public policy, to try to help our communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.009 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6778 December 7, 2016 
We also have to remember in our own States that we have constituent serv-ice issues. One of the things I am really proud of is my constituent service staff, where if you were a veteran and you needed help or you had a Social Se-curity or Medicare problem, you could call Senator B
ARBand you didn’t feel that you had to go to a $100 fundraiser or know somebody who had connec-tions. The only connection you needed was a phone. You didn’t even need Wi- Fi. You could just call me. Summer, winter, spring, or fall, they had Sen-ator B
ARB. I tried to be of service be-cause service was in my DNA. I was raised to think about service. My mother and father ran a small neighborhood grocery store in one of Baltimore’s famous row house neigh-borhoods. Every day they would get up, and they would open that grocery store and say to their customers: Good morning. Can I help you? Now, in running that business, they also wanted to be sure that they were connected to the community. We weren’t a big-box shop. We were a shop for the little people. If anybody was in difficulty, my father was happy to ex-tend credit. It was called: We will write your name down in a book. Pay us when you can. Don’t worry that you got laid off at Bethlehem Steel. We know that your wife had a difficult childbirth and needs this extra stuff. We are here to help. My father would say: B
ARBARA , de-liver those groceries. Take it down in that little red wagon I got for you. With my little red wagon, I would maybe take orange juice down to a shut-in, but my father would say: Don’t take a tip. But the tip he gave me was to always be of service and to treat people fair and square. The other place where I learned so much about service was from the nuns who taught me. I had the great fortune to go to Catholic schools. I was taught by the Sisters of Notre Dame and the Sisters of Mercy. These wonderful women, who led the consecrated life, taught us not only about reading, writ-ing, and arithmetic, but they taught us religion and emphasized the Beati-tudes. If anybody reads the Scripture, if you go to Matthew 5 and you go to the Beatitudes, you know what has shaped us. One of them is this: Blessed are those who are meek at heart. I had to really work at that one—really, really work at that one. At the same time, there were those who said: those who hunger and thirst after justice. That is what motivated me. It was fo-cusing on the values of faith, like love your neighbor, care for the sick, and worry about the poor. I was also inspired by a motto from something called the Christopher Movement, where you would help carry the burden. It said: ‘‘It is better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.’’ That is what was moti-vating me to service. You see, we really believed in Amer-ica in my family, and we really be-lieved in it in my community. When my great grandmother came to this country from Poland in 1886, she had little money in her pocket, but she had big dreams in her heart. Women didn’t even have the right to vote. One hun-dred years to the year that she landed in this country, I landed in the Senate. That is what opportunity means in the United States of America. I never thought I would come into politics. Growing up in Baltimore, my family wasn’t involved in politics. My family was involved more in church work, philanthropy, doing good works in the way they did their business. In Baltimore in those days, there were po-litical bosses—guys with pot bellies who smoked cigars and did deals, et cetera—and that wasn’t going to be me. I thought I would go into the field of social work. But I got involved because they wanted to put a 16-lane highway through the European ethnic neighbor-hoods of Baltimore and not even give the people relocation benefits, and they were going to smash and bulldoze the first African-American home-owner-ship neighborhood in Baltimore, in a community called Rosemont. I said: Look, we can fight this. We just have to give ourselves a militant name. I helped put together a group called SCAR, or the Southeast Council Against the Road. Our African-Amer-ican neighbors were on the other side of town, and they had a group called RAM, or Relocation Action Movement. Then the citywide coalition had a group called MAD, or Movement Against Destruction. So you see, I have always had a certain flair about these things. So we did take on city hall. But the more I knocked on doors—and our com-munity did—we weren’t heard. So I de-cided: the heck with it. If I knocked on a door and I wasn’t going to be heard, I was going to knock on the door to get elected, and that is what I did—knock-ing on doors, putting together a coali-tion, defying the odds, defying what people said: You can’t win. No woman can win in an ethnic, hard-hat neigh-borhood. No woman can win who isn’t part of the political machine. And no woman could win who had been active in the civil rights movement. I said: Guess what. We defied the odds, and we denied the odds, and that is how I came into public office—a champion on be-half of the people. I wanted to come to be an advocate for people to have better lives, to have better livelihoods and better neighbor-hoods, to be able to save jobs and to do what I could to be able to help them. I knew that to do that I had to show up, stand up, and speak up for my con-stituents, staying close enough to the people so they wouldn’t fall between the cracks and meeting their day-to- day needs and the long-range needs of the Nation. When I came to the Senate, I was the very first woman elected in her own right. Though I was all by myself, I was never alone. When I came, there was only one other woman here—the won-derful and distinguished colleague from Kansas, Senator Nancy Kassebaum, a wonderful colleague. When I say I was by myself as the only woman in the Democratic caucus, I say I was never alone because of the great men that we could work with in the Senate. Now, I have had the privilege to work with two of the best men in America. Senator Paul Sarbanes, who was my senior Senator when I came and who certainly was my champion, helped me to get on the right committees and convinced everybody that my name was BARB MIKULSKI and not Bella Abzug. But I was a little bit of both. As to Senator Sarbanes and now, of course, Senator B
ENCARDIN , who also has been at my side, we have worked together on issues related to Maryland both large and small. But there were others who taught me, like Senator Byrd, Senator Ken-nedy, and others. What it was all about was being able to work for jobs and for justice. Though I was the first Democratic woman, I wanted to be the first of many. I wanted to help women get elected to the Senate and do what I could to be able to help them to do that. It has been just wonderful to see that now there are 20 women who are currently serving in the Senate. One of the great joys has been to work to help empower them so that they can be a powerhouse. That is why we have those power workshops that struck fear into the hearts of the guys—not to worry about us but to keep an eye on us. I have been proud of what I have learned, taking the values that I had growing up and trying to put them in the Federal lawbooks, because, for me, no issue was too small to take up, and no cause was too big for me to not take on. I firmly believe that the best ideas come from the people. That is where some of my greatest accomplishments came from. One of the things I loved the most was being in Maryland, mov-ing around the State, going to all of the counties in the State. I loved my Mondays in Maryland, where I could meet and go into unannounced places like diners. A lot of people like to do townhalls, and they are terrific, but I like to show up at a diner, go from table to table to table and not only eyeball the french fries but listen to what the people have to say. The other thing that I really liked was roundtables—absolutely those roundtables—where you could engage in conversation with people and listen to them, not show off how smart or cool you were. I really loved doing that. Out of it came some of my first big accomplishments. When I came to the U.S. Senate, my father was quite ill with Alzheimer’s. My father was a wonderful man. He worked hard for my sisters and me so that we would have an education. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.011 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6779 December 7, 2016 
saw his role as a protector and pro-vider, and by providing us an edu-cation, we could always take care of ourselves. When he became so ill and went into a nursing home, I listened to other families who would come to visit peo-ple in long-term care. We saw that the very cruel rules of our own government were forcing people to spend down their entire life savings and put in their fam-ily home or their family farm as an asset base. Well, listening to them, B
ARBARA MIKULSKI said this: Family responsibility—yes, you need to take responsibility for your family, but the cruel rules of government should never push a family into family bankruptcy. So I crafted something called the spousal anti-impoverishment rules that enable elderly couples to keep their as-sets and keep their home. AARP tells me that since that legislation passed over 20 years ago, we have helped 1 mil-lion seniors not lose their homes or their family farms because one be-comes too ill because of that dreaded A-word or Parkinson’s or others. That is what I mean about the best ideas coming from the people. Then I also listened to women who worked hard every single day yet weren’t getting equal pay for equal work. Of course we heard it from Lilly Ledbetter, but we heard it from lots of Lillies, and we heard it from lots of Roses and lots of Marys and lots of Otanias and lots of Marias. That is why we worked hard to pass the equal pay for equal work act. Working together with Senator Nancy Kassebaum, Olympia Snowe, our friends over in the House, Connie Morella, Pat Schroeder, we also found that women were being excluded from the protocols of NIH. The famous study to take an aspirin and keep a heart at-tack away was done on 10,000 male medical students, not one woman. So Olympia, Connie, Pat, B
ARBshowed up at NIH and pounded the table and said: Let’s start practicing good science in-stead of bad stereotypes and make sure we are included where we should be in a legitimate, scientific way. Out of that came the appointment of Bernadine Healy as the head of NIH; out of that came the Office of Research on Women’s Health at NIH; and out of that came the famous hormone re-placement study that Dr. Healy cham-pioned. Then Tom Harkin and Arlen Specter helped us get money in the Federal checkbook. One study changed medical practice and lowered breast cancer rates in this country by 15 percent. Wow. That is what working together does—to try to save lives a million at a time. That was on women’s health. Then we saw growing concerns about the issue of the high cost of college. The first mortgage many of our kids are facing is their student loans. Work-ing together with the other side of the aisle, we created AmeriCorps, making sure we enabled people to be able to be of service to our country and earn a voucher to pay down their student loans. Then there was a roundtable where I met with parents of special needs chil-dren, and a mother asked me to change the law from ‘‘retardation’’ to ‘‘intel-lectual disability’’ because she was being bullied. Well, I came back here and drafted legislation. Again, on the other side of the aisle was MIKEENZI, who worked with me to pass that. Rosa now is a member of the Special Olympics. She wins medals. She was Person of the Week on TV. That is what Mondays in Maryland means. It is worth everything to do things like that. In Maryland, we worked along with Senators Sarbanes and Hardin to clean up the bay. We worked to make sure our port was viable. We worked not only on our Port of Baltimore for ships of commerce, but also we worked on the space community at Goddard. I am so proud of the fact that I worked very hard to save the Hubble Space Tele-scope. That Hubble Space Telescope turned out to be the richest contact lens in world history. But again, with astronaut Senators Jake Garn and John Glenn working together, we did it, and it ensured America’s premier leadership in astronomy and in space for years and for several decades. Over the years, though, I could go through accomplishment after accom-plishment, but one of the things I have learned as my lesson in life is that the best ship you could sail on in life is something called friendship. It is friendship that makes life worth living. It enables life to have the value of giv-ing. That is what friendship is. When I think about the friends along the way whom I have met both in my home-town and my State, there are also those who are here, people who on both sides of the aisle are absolutely so im-portant to me—and the fact that we have worked on both sides of the aisle. I spoke about Senator C
ARDIN and Senator Sarbanes. But also on the Sen-ate Appropriations Committee, it was Senator S
HELBY and Senator Kit Bond; we could actually work together. We put our heads together to try to come up with real solutions for real prob-lems, and we could do that. The other is not to judge one another because we have a party label. I am so darned sick of that. In the year of the women, so many came—like B
ARBARA  B
OXER and P ATTY MURRAY and D IANNE  F
EINSTEIN , also Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, who came from Texas. I got a call from Senator Hutchison one day, and my staff said: Ew, she wants to work with you on something. Ew, ew. She is a conservative from Texas and she wants to do something for women. I said: How about if we listen? Could we start with listening? Could we start with just listening? Senator Hutchison had a fabulous idea on IRA contributions. In those days, if you were in the marketplace, you could put in $2,000, but if you worked full-time at home, you could put in only $500. What Senator Hutchison wanted to do was to make it have parity—that old word, ‘‘parity.’’ I said yes. Our staffs told us not to work with each other, but we were going to forge ahead. We went out to dinner to talk over strategy, but we talked together about our lives, how she got her start, obsta-cles she faced. We had such a good time that we said: Let’s invite other women. Well, that became the famous dinners— the famous dinners that the women of the Senate have. We knew we would never be a caucus because we were not uniform in our views or the way we voted, but what we wanted to be was, No. 1, a zone of civility where we would treat each other with respect, our de-bates would be observed with intellec-tual rigor, and when the day was over, the day would be over. Those dinners have now stood the test of time, and I am so proud of them. I have been so proud to work with my colleague, the senior Senator from Maine, Ms. COLLINS , who has been such a friend and such an ally. Though we are not a caucus, we are a force when we can come together. We have made change, and we have made a difference. That doesn’t go down in the roll books, but I think it certainly should go down in the history books. So as I get ready to leave the Senate, what will I miss? Well, I will never have another job as consequential as this. This is pretty consequential. The fate of this country, and maybe even the world, lies in the hands of the Con-gress of the U.S. Senate. I will miss the people in the Senate the wonderful professional staff, but I am also going to miss the doorkeepers, the elevator operators, the cafeteria workers, the police officers who say: In helping the one, we help the many. We learn so much from them; I have learned so much from them. I learned a lot from the elevator op-erators. One was a lady of very modest means who every day would say to me and to all of us, ‘‘Have a blessed day.’’ What a great gift she gave us: ‘‘Have a blessed day.’’ Another elevator operator, who him-self has recovered from very chal-lenging health issues, always cheerful, asks, ‘‘How is your day?’’ The last thing you could do is to not return a smile. Those are the kinds of people whom I will always remember, all those helping hands. So I say to my colleagues now that I will never, ever forget you. Helen Kel-ler, though she was blind, was a great visionary, and she said that all that you deeply love you never lose. And all whom I have ever met have become a part of me; each and every one of you have become a part of me. Everybody I met along the way, whether it was at roundtables or the elevator operators, have become a part of me. You shaped me, and you have helped me become a better person. So when I wrap up and people say ‘‘Well, what do you think you are going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.022 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6780 December 7, 2016 
to do, Barb,’’ I will say my plan is not a job description but a life description. Every day I am going to learn some-thing new. Every day I am going to give something back. Every day I am going to do something where I keep an old friend or make a new one. I want to thank God that I live in the United States of America, which enabled me to do this. In conclusion, George Bernard Shaw—I don’t know how he would have felt about me, but he wrote this, and I think it is pretty good. He said this: 
I am [of the opinion] that my life belongs to the [whole] community, and as long as I live, it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can. For the harder I work, the more I live. I will rejoice in life for its own sake. Life is no ‘‘brief candle’’ to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got hold of for the mo-ment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations. 
God bless the United States Senate, and God bless the United States of America. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
TRIBUTES TO BARBARA MIKULSKI  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, yester-day I had an opportunity on the floor to talk about Senator M
IKULSKI , but I just want to take 1 minute—because I know a lot of my colleagues want to speak—to thank her on behalf of the people of Maryland. Yesterday I was with Senator M
IKUL-
SKIat the inauguration of Catherine Pugh, our new mayor of Baltimore. As is the tradition on programs, the senior Senator speaks and then the junior Senator speaks, so I had the oppor-tunity to speak after the dynamic re-marks of Senator M
IKULSKI . That has been a burden that I have had now for 10 years. As I pointed out to the people of Maryland, we are losing one of the great giants and advocates for our State, and that is going to be a great loss. The only benefit I can see is that I will not have to follow Senator M
I-
KULSKI on the program in the future. We are living part of a legacy, and we know that. We know that what we do here in the U.S. Senate one day will be recorded in the history of our country. I know that Senator M
IKULSKI will be mentioned frequently for her incredible accomplishments here in the U.S. Sen-ate. On a personal basis, I just wanted to express that my life in the U.S. Senate has been special. For all of us, being in the Senate is special, but my enjoy-ment, productivity, and life in the Sen-ate has been made so much greater be-cause of my seatmate and friend, Sen-ator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI . The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, it is with deep affection, admiration, and appreciation that I rise today to offer my heartfelt congratulations to our colleague and my dear friend, Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , as her service in the Senate comes to a close. As the longest serving woman in the history of the United States Congress—30 years in this Chamber, in addition to 10 years in the House—she has earned the grati-tude of the people of her beloved Mary-land and of the entire Nation. That gratitude is based on much more than simple arithmetic, much more than just how many years she has served here, impressive though that is. In re-flecting on her service, it is difficult to decide where to begin—her accomplish-ments, her vision, or her complete dedication to the people she serves, the dedication that began in that neighbor-hood in Baltimore that she describes so passionately today. No matter where we begin, we end up in the same place— it is all about her character. Perhaps the best way to describe Senator MIKULSKI ’s character is by noting that she is not only officially the longest serving woman in the his-tory of the Congress, but she is also un-officially the dean of the women in the Senate. That title perfectly dem-onstrates the trust and respect she has earned her from her colleagues. As a brandnew Senator in 1997, I was one of those tutored by this accomplished and experienced dean. At that time, Sen-ator M
IKULSKI had already been in the House and the Senate for a combined 20 years. She didn’t know me from Adam—or perhaps I should say from Eve—yet, despite the difference in our seniority, our States, and our parties, she took me under her wing. She was one of the first people who called me after I was sworn in as a new Senator. I was so grateful for her kindness and her wisdom. She invited me to a power workshop in her office, along with Mary Landrieu, the other woman who was elected that year. She taught me the ropes of the appropriations process and instituted regular bipartisan din-ners for the women of the Senate. In the years since then, I have come to know her as a fighter, a trailblazer, and a person of such integrity. Maybe it is all those years with the nuns that taught you that. It has been a privilege to work with her on such vital issues as home health care, maritime issues, higher edu-cation, pay equality, and an issue near and dear to both of us, Alzheimer’s re-search. Serving with her on the Appro-priations Committee, I have witnessed firsthand what an extraordinary leader she is—fair, openminded, yet with firm expectations and a clear sense of direc-tion. Senator M
IKULSKI is, above all, a hard worker. Growing up in East Balti-more, she learned the value of hard work in her family’s grocery store, as we have heard today. Her commitment to making a difference in her neighbor-hood led her to become a social worker, helping at-risk children and our sen-iors. The statement she made sums up her approach to serving in Congress: ‘‘I was a social worker for Baltimore fam-ilies. Now I’m a social worker building opportunities for families throughout America.’’ Two years ago, I was honored to stand alongside Senator BARBto accept Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life. We were representing all of the women of the Senate for our lead-ership in bringing an end to the dev-astating government shutdown of 2013 and working together on so many other issues. With our dean setting the example, we have always rejected the idea of a women’s caucus because we, like the men in the Senate, span the ideological spectrum. Who would expect other-wise? We have worked together across party lines to serve all Americans. As Senator M
IKULSKI puts it ‘‘It’s not about gender, it’s about the agenda.’’ In fact, all of us have our favorite sayings that the Senator from Mary-land has taught us, and we will miss her way with words so much. When Senator M
IKULSKI reached her Senate longevity milestone 5 years ago, she surpassed my personal role model in public service, the legendary Senator from Maine, Margaret Chase Smith. Just as the great lady from Maine inspired me and countless other young women of my generation to serve, the great lady from Maryland in-spires the young women of today, al-ways encouraging them to go for it. Throughout her life in public service, she has lived by one guiding principle: to help our people meet the needs of today as she helps our Nation prepare for the challenges of tomorrow. What an honor it has been to serve alongside Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI . I have learned so much from her. I will never forget the day she told me I had the soul of an appropriator, which I knew was the highest compliment she could give me. And she was right. We have worked on that committee to get so much done. I wish her many more years of health, happiness, and, most of all, that most important ‘‘ship,’’ friend-ship. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, be-fore Senator C
OLLINS leaves the floor, I want to thank Senator C
OLLINS for her beautiful remarks about B
ARBARA MI-
KULSKI . As I leave here, I have said publicly—the press has asked: What is your hope? I often say: My hope is with the Sen-ator from Maine, Senator C
OLLINS , to bridge some of the partisan divides. It has been an honor to serve with you. I know you have a lot on your shoulders as we move forward. Senator M
IKULSKI , I want to take a few minutes to talk about you. Some Senators have focus and drive. Some have compassion. Some have empathy. Some have sharp negotiating skills. Some have a quick wit. Some are great students of history. Some are cham-pions for the least among us. Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , you are all of these things. You are everything a Senator should be and more. As my mentor, as my treasured friend, you have been a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.023 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6781 December 7, 2016 
major influence in my career. Hon-estly, I can say I would not be here as a United States Senator without your guidance. One of my favorite things about B
AR-
BARA is her wonderful sense of humor. It is legendary. She is hilarious when she wants to be. When I was in the House of Rep-resentatives, I was fighting to inte-grate the all-male House gym. The room to which they had assigned the women was about 6 by 6, and it had showers and hair dryers. You know the big hair dryers that come over your head like that? It had no exercise equipment. It had no space. It was the size of a shoebox. We women decided we needed some exercise, so we packed into the tiny room. There was then-Congresswoman M
I-
KULSKI , Congresswoman Ferraro, Con-gresswoman Schroeder, Barbara Ken-nelly, Olympia Snowe, who looked like she had just stepped out of Vogue mag-azine. I was in my sweat suit, and so was B
ARB. The teacher was leading us in an aerobics class, and she said: Put your hands above your head. We did it. She said: Put your hands out on the side. We did it. Then she said: Put your hands on your hips and bend at the waist. And with that, B
ARBARA yelled: ‘‘Look, if I had a waist, I wouldn’t be here.’’ That is my B
ARB. She can use laughter to defuse any situation. I will always love her for it. When I started thinking about my own long shot bid for the Senate—and it was worse than a long shot—the first person I went to after my family was B
ARB. It was a few years after she had made history by becoming the first Democratic woman ever elected in her own right to the U.S. Senate. She got right to the point: ‘‘How old are you, Babs?’’—using the nickname she calls me to this day. I told her I was almost 50. God, that sounds so young, B
ARBARA . I told her I was almost 50. I explained it was going to be a tough fight. I was up against two powerful male oppo-nents in the Democratic primary, and I was an asterisk in the polls. What was her response? She looked at me and she said: ‘‘Go for it. It’s worth the fight you’ll have to wage to get here. And it will be a fight.’’ And it was. In 1992, four new women came to the Senate, and who was waiting for us with open arms? Senator M
IKULSKI . And this is what she said: ‘‘Some women stare out the window waiting for Prince Charming. I stared out the window waiting for more women Sen-ators—and it is finally happening!’’ That is who B
ARBARA is. She never set out to make a name for herself. She wanted to blaze a trail that was wide enough for all of us to follow. Just days after I won that first Sen-ate race, she sent all the new women Senators a guidebook she herself had written about how to get started in the Senate, how to get on committees. She invited us to her office for lessons on Senate procedure and how to set up our offices. She had covered everything. In the years since, as you have heard, she has hosted regular dinners for all the women in the Senate—Democratic and Republican alike. We reach across party lines and come together because of her. We talk about our work, our families. We share our struggles and our triumphs. What is said there stays there. Senator MIKULSKI has led us by ex-ample, showing us how to build coali-tions, how to bridge the partisan di-vide, which includes strong partnership with our male colleagues, whom she calls ‘‘Sir Galahads.’’ She has also shown us how to stand up and make our voices heard. As she says, go ‘‘earring to earring’’ with our oppo-nents and ‘‘put on our lipstick, square our shoulders, suit up and fight.’’ Leg-endary Mikulski words. To me, Senator M
IKULSKI is the whole package—a skilled, intelligent negotiator, a Senator who fights for the people, and a woman who helps other women. She is our cherished leader, and that is why she will always be known as the dean of the Senate women. When B
ARBARA announced she would be leaving the Senate, I wrote her a rhyme. I love to write rhymes and lyrics. I wrote her the following rhyme: 
Before Mikulski won the day, A guy would have to pass away, And then his wife would take his place. Finally, a woman in a Senate space. But Barb she got there in her own right. First Democratic gal to win that fight. She won the race and joined the misters. But finally NOW she has nineteen sisters! 
BARBARA , next year, because of what you started, because of the people you encouraged, there will be 21 women in the Senate—a record. Sitting here in my chair, my seat, will be an incredible woman. Senator M
IKULSKI , BARB, my treas-ured mentor, my dear friend, thank you for everything. We have been through battles together. I am forever grateful to you, and I will always treasure our friendship. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I thank the gentlelady from California. Mrs. BOXER. I like ‘‘gentlelady.’’ Ms. MIKULSKI. That is the way we talk here. I thank the gentlelady from California for her kind words. We have been together through thick, thin, and the attempt to get thin, and that story about bending at the waist is a true one. I am not the person with the best hairdo or sleek or chic, but one of the things I have so admired about my friend is her authenticity. We first got to know each other in the House, and then I encouraged you to come to the Senate, which certainly was the right thing to do. You are yourself. You are true to yourself, you are true to your beliefs. You are true to your constitu-ents, and you are true to the Constitu-tion. You are such a true, blue person. There are many words to describe you, such as outspoken, feisty, and all of that, but I would say the word that de-scribes you best is ‘‘authenticity.’’ You are who you are. The people of Cali-fornia have loved you for it and sent you to the Congress. We started out together basically in city council roles, sometimes called the pothole parliament. It has been a pleasure to serve with the Senator from California. I have watched you stand up for your beliefs, and along the way, as you stood up for your beliefs, you made believers of us all. Godspeed to you, BARBARA . We are friends forever. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
TRIBUTE TO DEPARTING SENATORS  
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I wish to speak about Senator M
IKULSKI  and then also Senator B
OXER , the two great Senator B
ARBARA s who have been such giants in the Senate. We are so grateful to both of them. 
BARBARA MIKULSKI  
Madam President, I do have to say that among the many things with which I have been honored and have ap-preciated was when Senator M
IKULSKI  accepted my offer to stay at the Stabe-now bed and breakfast after long ses-sion nights and days when the Appro-priations Committee was negotiating and doing the incredible work that had to be done. I had the honor of being able to put up a plaque in my home that says: Senator B
ARB slept here. I will always be honored to have had that opportunity on top of all of the other ways we have worked together. It really is an honor to stand here. I can’t imagine the Senate without Sen-ator M
IKULSKI and Senator B OXER . I can’t imagine the Senate without the incredible service of my dear friend and colleague, who is our dean in every sense of the word—the senior Senator from the State of Maryland. For over 30 years she has worked tireless. We know that. We hear it every day. We know what the people in Baltimore, the Chesapeake Bay area, and all of Maryland care about. She has been fighting and standing up for them every single moment of every single day. I so admire that, and I am so grateful. She has been a wonderful in-spiration and mentor to me. We have all heard about our dinners and the power briefings on appropriations. She has been a continual source of inspira-tion and a mentor to me. She reached out to me, as she does to all of our colleagues, when I was first elected. She welcomed me and showed me what it meant to be a good Senator representing my State of Michigan and how to get things done. Senator M
IKUL-
SKIhas always been willing to lend a helping hand and has never given up when it comes to fighting for the peo-ple she represents and being a trail-blazer. I came into the Senate with a mas-ter’s degree in social work. Senator M
I-
KULSKI has often said that we are the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.025 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6782 December 7, 2016 
two official do-gooders in the Senate. We have taken our interest from help-ing people individually to another level by becoming policymakers, thereby giving us the opportunity to touch more lives by using our skills and our background in education as well. We all know—but I think it is impor-tant to remind ourselves—that she was only 26 when Senator M
IKULSKI talked about the highway proposal that would have destroyed a neighborhood full of working people. She spoke up. She was noticed, and she wasn’t afraid to say exactly what she was thinking. She was and is absolutely fearless in every good sense of that word. She brought that fearlessness to the Senate. That fearlessness made her the first woman to serve as chair of the Appropriations Committee of the Senate. It doesn’t get more important than that in setting policy and having an impact on peo-ple’s lives in our country by prioritizing the interests of the Amer-ican people in every funding decision. That fearlessness was on display when she helped bring us closer to the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009, making it closer to having equal pay for equal work than it has ever been before. Senator M
IKULSKI fought for health care. I was proud to join her in making sure that women could receive preven-tive care without a copay. She made sure that women were truly rep-resented and that our needs were met in health care reform, and that will continue to impact all of the lives of women across the country. When she turned her eyes to the stars, wondering what was up there, she made sure that the Goddard Space Flight Center was a leader in exploring the unknown. Like the supernova named after her, she has absolutely as-tonished us with her brilliance, and nothing will be quite the same after she leaves here. Her work in the Senate has made it possible for so many women and girls across America to put their hat in the ring and say: I want to run for office, and I can do it. Senator M
IKULSKI said it best—there are so many wonderful quotes I will al-ways use—when she said: Put your lip-stick on, square your shoulders, and suit up. Go into the fight and get things done. That has become a mantra for us in working together. I thank Senator B
ARB. You will be greatly missed, but I know you have so much more to give. I know you will al-ways make a difference in people’s lives in every single thing you do every single day, and we will be forever grateful. Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, again, I thank the gentlelady from Michigan. We both have master’s de-grees in social work. I joke, but I am actually serious when I say we are cer-tified do-gooders. When people hear about social work, they sometimes think it is about giving money away, but it is really about trying to help people build lives, build families, and therefore build the Nation. The Sen-ator from Michigan’s championship in that area has been amazing to me. I am so glad my friend from Michigan is here in the Senate, whether she is standing up for the people in Flint, MI, so they have safe drinking water, or standing up for those who need help in the area of food and nutrition so there aren’t food deserts in communities. That is one of the biggest public health initiatives. If you are a diabetic, you can’t comply if all you can get is fast food and french fries. If you are a child, you need good food and good nutrition. My friend knows more than anybody that you need to feed the body, the mind, and the spirit, and she has cer-tainly done that. It has been great being your pal and partner. Many people don’t know this, but Senator CARDIN and I commute every day. When those appropriation cycles got pretty late, after midnight, the gentlelady from Michigan offered her home to me. We had a saying: Stop whining and have a glass of wine. There was nothing like being able to talk about your day with a colleague who will offer inspiration and encour-agement at the end of the day. My friend offered her home, but she has really fought for so many people to have a home and a community in order to have what they need so they can learn and prosper in this country. I just wish you so much and wish you all the best. Thank you very much. 
BARBARA BOXER  
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, as her name suggests, Senator B
OXER  has always been a fighter, a champion for the people of California, and a good friend. Though Senator B
OXER began her life in Brooklyn, California has always been her home. It is where she got elected to the Marin County Board of Supervisors, be-coming the first woman to hold the board’s presidency. It is where she first got elected to the House of Representatives, where she quickly rose and became a leader we could all aspire to be. And as Senator, she has worked tire-lessly for families, children, con-sumers, everyone in the State of Cali-fornia and Americans everywhere. Senator B
OXER has always been a wonderful mentor to me, and she has been relentless on moving forward on some of the most critically important issues of our time. As the first woman to chair the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee, she has provided the support that has kept America’s air and water safe and to fight climate change. She defended mercury and lead standards and in-stalled choking warnings on packages. I will personally always be grateful for her tireless advocacy and support for the 100,000 Flint citizens who have been poisoned by lead in their water. We have her to thank when we know that children and families all over the country can be safer and more secure in their own neighborhood. She has been an incredible supporter of transportation, extending the high-way trust fund, helping protect over 1 million jobs. Or her Mat Map–21 Trans-portation Bill, which modernized Fed-eral highway, highway safety, and transportation programs. And she has fought for children and families, her work in the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act—providing extra serv-ices for young adults under 21 and help-ing some of America’s young people who need it most. On a personal note, I have greatly en-joyed sharing a love of music with my friend, BARBARA . Her creativity and passion for song has been a special part of who she is. Her retirement, while well earned, will be a loss for all of us. Thank you so much for your service. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA MIKULSKI  
Mr. COONS. Madam President, I wish to offer a few brief comments, if I might, so I may thank and congratu-late Senator M
IKULSKI for her tireless contributions to the State of Maryland and the whole country. As many know, she is a passionate, capable, effective champion for people of all backgrounds, and she got her start in local government. One of the things we have in common is that I, too, started in a very humble office as a county council member in my home community of New Castle County, DE. The way I first met B
ARBARA MIKUL-
SKIand first saw her toughness, grit, passion, and determination was in a fight over a program she helped give life to, the national service program known as AmeriCorps. AmeriCorps is a fantastic national program that part-ners with the Federal Government, State, and local governments, the pri-vate sector, and nonprofit volunteers. She has been a tireless champion for AmeriCorps over many years and has made a lasting difference in its areas of focus and work. During my short 6 years here, she has been a great friend and a mentor to me and to so many others on both sides of the aisle. J
OEBIDEN, our Vice Presi-dent, has often said: Show me your budget, and I will show you your val-ues. As leader of the Senate Appropria-tions Committee, Senator M
IKULSKI  helped to lift up our values and helped to make sure we invested in effective programs that made sure we fed the hungry, housed the homeless, fought for manufacturing, and ensured that Federal workers who lived in Maryland and Federal agencies that were rooted, not just in Maryland but around the country, had the resources, support, and capacity to make a lasting dif-ference here in our region and for the entire country. I just wanted to add my voice to col-leagues who stood here on the floor and said: We are so grateful to Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.026 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6783 December 7, 2016 
BARBARA MIKULSKI for her decades of service to Baltimore, to Maryland, and to our country and for all she has done to lift us up together. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SENATE JUDICIARY  
COMMITTEE  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, this Saturday, December 10, marks the 200th anniversary of the establishment of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. I am very proud to be the chairman of that committee—the first chairman who is not a lawyer, I might add—and I will be submitting a resolu-tion, along with some other committee members, to commemorate this 200th anniversary. Madam President, 200 years ago, the Senate established 11 original standing committees. Today, although there are many committees, the Senate Judici-ary Committee is one of four original committees that still meet today. Dur-ing the past two centuries, some of the most vital and important questions facing the Nation have come before the committee. For example, during the Civil War, the committee ensured that President Lincoln had the emergency powers he needed to pursue the Civil War effort, and in 1864, the committee took a critical step in ending slavery in the United States when it reported the 13th Amendment of the Constitution. The committee has jurisdiction over issues that directly impact American lives and is on the forefront of deciding important policy issues, including im-migration, civil liberties, criminal laws and the protection for victims, and, of course, civil rights. In addition, the committee examines those nominated for lifetime appointments to the Fed-eral bench. Over the years, the committee has reported legislation that has been vital to the safety and protection of the American people. I don’t have time today to discuss all the committee has accomplished over the last 200 years, but I do want to take a minute to rec-ognize this important anniversary. I am very proud of the committee’s sto-ried history. Today, I celebrate these accomplishments and will follow that up with the submission of a resolution. I am truly humbled today to be its chairman. I yield the floor and suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DAKOTA ACCESS PIPELINE  
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I rise again to speak about the Dakota Access Pipeline issue in North Dakota. Again, I want to emphasize that we need to focus on the facts and under-stand what is really going on there. On Saturday, the Obama administration announced its refusal to issue the final easement for the Dakota Access Pipe-line to cross a narrow section deep un-derneath the Missouri River. This easement is required to finish the 1,172-mile-long pipeline which is al-ready 98 percent complete in North Da-kota—98 percent complete in North Da-kota—and 86 percent complete overall. As I have indicated before on the floor, it runs from the Bakken oilfields in North Dakota, moving North Dakota light sweet crude all the way to Pato-ka, IL, so oil can go into all of the re-fineries along the eastern part of the country and the eastern seaboard. In fact, our light sweet crude oil competes with OPEC. If they are not using our light sweet crude, they are bringing in oil from places like Saudi Arabia for these eastern refineries. So very important in terms of energy independence for our country, but as I said, this pipeline is 98 percent com-plete in our State. Now, again, the Obama administration is delaying it. Unfortunately, this latest Obama ad-ministration decision fails to follow the rule of law, it fails to resolve the issue, and it perpetuates an extremely difficult situation for North Dakotans. Furthermore, it is estimated that over 5,000 protesters are still unlawfully gathered on Federal or Corps of Engi-neers land in our State. They are there in direct violation of the Army Corps’ December 5 eviction notice, as well as an evacuation order from North Dako-ta’s Governor. However, now that the Obama admin-istration has made its decision, pro-testers should move from their unlaw-ful site on the Army Corp of Engineers’ land. Even Standing Rock Chairman David Archambault has finally said that protesters need to leave and re-turn home. Let me repeat that. Even Standing Rock Sioux Chairman David Archambault has finally said pro-testers need to leave and return home. He is the tribal chairman. The Obama administration needs to do the same. The administration needs to call on the protesters to leave this illegal site as well. As I said, the Dakota Access Pipeline issue has been difficult for the people of North Dakota. In recent months, protesters have trespassed on private property, they have blocked state high-ways and damaged bridges, they have committed acts of vandalism to con-struction equipment by cutting hy-draulic hoses, breaking windows, filling gas tanks with gravel, and setting equipment on fire. Protesters have blocked intersections in Bismarck and Mandan. They have disrupted area businesses, and farmers and ranchers in the area have reported instances of trespassing and butchered livestock. The rule of law matters in this country, but by committing acts of lawlessness at this construction site as a proxy for changing broader envi-ronmental policies, the rule of law is undermined. Just as the pipeline company must follow the law, the protesters them-selves need to follow the law as well. By continuing to remain in the camp, the protesters are defying Federal and State orders to leave. They are sub-jecting residents in the area to addi-tional weeks of disruption and hard-ship. They also require our law enforce-ment to continue their around-the- clock presence, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The protesters need to follow the law, just like everyone else. I repeat, it is time—past time—to leave this ille-gal camp. I would like to address the dedication of our State and local law enforcement officers—the professionals who make up the North Dakota High-way Patrol, our sheriffs, and our depu-ties around the State and from other States who have come in to assist us. Members of the North Dakota Na-tional Guard and other first responders have acted with professionalism and diligence to maintain peace and order under very difficult circumstances. They continue to protect the public, especially now with the onset of chal-lenging winter conditions. In my 10 years as Governor of North Dakota, I spent a lot of time working with our law enforcement officers to prepare for weather emergencies. I know the prep-arations these situations require. Even today, our law enforcement and State Department of Transportation crews are working to keep evacuation routes open, rescuing people stranded on the highways and providing assist-ance to many from outside North Da-kota who are unprepared to deal with the recent blizzard we had in North Da-kota. The men and women in law enforce-ment are doing their best to protect ev-eryone, including the protesters. We owe our law enforcement a debt of gratitude for their diligence, for their dedication, and for their profes-sionalism, but North Dakota’s law en-forcement resources are severely strained. I have repeatedly called on the U.S. Department of Justice to pro-vide additional funding and law en-forcement officers to ensure public safety. Our State has requested Federal as-sistance and was assured—was as-sured—by the Attorney General that we would be given expedited consider-ation, but that has not been the case. Our Byrne grant application for Fed-eral assistance has still not been ap-proved by the Attorney General. I will continue to call on the U.S. Depart-ment of Justice, the U.S. Department of the Interior, and the Corps to pro-vide additional Federal resources, in-cluding funding and law enforcement personnel to assist our State and local law enforcement officers and ensure public safety. As I have said before, everyone has a right to be heard, but it must be done lawfully and peacefully, whether that is during the permitting process, with its opportunities for public comment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.027 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6784 December 7, 2016 
or through the court system. I empha-size through the court system. That is the established method in our country for dispute resolution. So it is time—it is past time—for the protesters to stand down and to recognize that the courts and the next administration will resolve this issue. It is also important to recognize that this pipeline is not unique or unusual as an infrastructure project. There are more than 38,000 crude oil pipeline river and water body crossings in the United States—more than 38,000—and more than 1,000 in my State of North Dakota alone. This is one more. These crossings range from rivers, streams, and lakes to ponds, canals, and ditches. Also, it is important to understand the oil is already being transported across a river on rail and across bridges. Once again, I just want to show—this is the network of oil pipelines in the country. They cross many bodies of water. We are doing it one more time with the latest, greatest technology. The pipeline does not go in the river in any way, shape or form. It is about 100 feet underneath the river. So even if there was a leak, somehow that oil would have to come up through bed-rock to even get into the area. In other words, it is the latest, great-est technology. This oil is already mov-ing to market. It is already crossing the river on rail and on truck. If we don’t build this, we are relying on the old infrastructure, which is less safe and less environmentally sound, in-stead of building the new, latest, great-est infrastructure with the tech-nologies that will be more efficient, more safe, more environmentally sound. That is what makes sense. Again, it is not unique. Additionally, the pipeline company has modified its route on its own 140 times in North Dakota to avoid any important or cultural resources. So they have modified the route to avoid any cultural resources 140 times just in our State. In July 2016, the Army Corps issued its final environmental assessment, which concluded with the finding of ‘‘no significant environmental impact’’ and ‘‘no historic properties affected.’’ These determinations have been upheld not once but twice by the Federal courts, including a judge appointed by the Obama administration—a Federal district court judge here in Wash-ington, DC. As for the way forward for this dif-ficult issue, we need to look at the facts at hand. In the midst of the ongo-ing news coverage, it can seem that heated rhetoric leaves little room for good-faith efforts to find common ground, but I want to highlight that there continues to be attempts at find-ing consensus among the stakeholders, even as recently as last Friday. To that point, in a meeting I had yes-terday with the Army Corps’ North-western Division Commander, BG Scott Spellman, he stated that last Friday, on December 2, the Army Corps’ Omaha district commander, John Henderson, convened representa-tives from the pipeline company, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, and Army Corps officials. They met in Bismarck for 5 hours. The meeting included trib-al staff and the company’s engineering and technical experts who came to-gether for the sole purpose of reviewing Standing Rock’s 19 specific safety and environmental concerns raised in the tribe’s October 2016 letter to the Corps. In this meeting, the pipeline com-pany, tribe, and Army Corps discussed all 19 concerns raised by the Standing Rock, and they considered 36 potential terms and conditions that could fur-ther reduce the risk of a spill or pipe-line rupture. Again, let me repeat that. In order to directly address the river crossing concerns raised by the tribe and the protesters, the pipeline com-pany was willing to consider more than 36 additional safeguards for this cross-ing. Friday’s meeting actually resulted in a revised proposed easement, which was presented to the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army, Jo-Ellen Darcy, the next day, on Saturday, December 3—last Saturday. However, the fol-lowing day, on Sunday, December 4, Assistant Secretary Darcy promptly rejected the revised easement and in-stead required more ‘‘broad public input and analysis.’’ Clearly, the Obama administration is not interested in finding a way forward based on the merits of the project, even in light of two Federal court rulings upholding the Army Corps’ reviews and even with subsequent attempts by the company to specifically address the tribe’s remaining environmental con-cerns. In recent days, I have met directly with President-Elect Trump’s transi-tion team and conveyed the impor-tance of bringing this situation to a resolution. I have also spoken directly on the matter to Vice President-Elect Mike Pence and to the next Attorney General, J
EFFSESSIONS . President-Elect Trump has now pub-licly communicated his support for the project, as well as for providing Fed-eral assistance, including additional resources and law enforcement per-sonnel. This project should be decided on the merits and in accordance with the law. Failure to do so will cast new uncertainty on all future infrastruc-ture projects, from pipelines that carry oil and gas and other liquids to trans-mission lines carrying both traditional and renewable energy. If companies and individuals cannot rely on a system that follows the rule of law, nobody will risk making future investments in our country’s vital in-frastructure. That will make our Na-tion less safe, less secure, and less com-petitive. As I said a minute ago, think about it. If we can’t build new infra-structure, then we will continue to use the old infrastructure, which is less safe and less environmentally secure. To avoid this situation in the fu-ture—the kind of standoff we have with the Dakota Access Pipeline—we need to focus on ways to improve the per-mitting process. We need to improve the process so we can make sure all people’s voices are heard and provide regulatory certainty to companies will-ing to invest in large infrastructure projects. This should be done prospec-tively, not retroactively—looking for ways to better streamline procedures, reduce duplicative hurdles, and im-prove methods for public input. This pipeline can be built safely and include necessary protections for both the tribe and everyone else down-stream. The fact is that our country needs energy, and we cannot have it without energy infrastructure—pipe-lines, transmission lines, roads, rail, and bridges—to move both traditional and renewable energy from where it is produced to where it is consumed. Move it both safely and efficiently. Let’s all work together to make that happen. With that, Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ATTACK ON PEARL  
HARBOR  
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I rise to commemorate the 75th anniver-sary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. For the people of Hawaii, it started as an ordinary sunny Sunday morning in December. Families were getting ready for church; others were preparing breakfast. It was quiet. It was peaceful. Just before 8 a.m., the first wave of Japanese warplanes started their co-ordinated surprise attack on the island of Oahu. Bombers attacked aircraft clustered wing tip to wing tip at Wheeler and Hickham Airfields, mak-ing it too easy for Japanese pilots to destroy their targets. By the end of the attack, Japanese forces sunk four of the eight battleships at Ford Island. Another battleship intentionally ran aground in the harbor to avoid block-ing the channel. Three destroyers and seven other ships were sunk or severely damaged. It was the worst disaster in U.S. naval history. There were 2,403 servicemembers killed or mortally wounded, and 1,247 servicemembers were injured. Fifty-seven civilians were killed. Across Oahu, people watched as smoke and fire blackened the sky over Pearl Harbor. Among those were two 17-year-olds, Daniel K. Inouye and Dan-iel K. Akaka. Like many others that day, they were called to duty. Senator Daniel Akaka, then an ROTC student at the Kamehameha School for Boys, grabbed a rifle and guarded the hills above the school from potential Japa-nese paratroopers. Senator Inouye, then a volunteer medical aid, reported to Lunalilo Elementary School, where for a week he tended to the wounded. In the weeks that followed, the ship-yard was back to work repairing ves-sels raised from the harbor. Incredibly, all but two ships returned to service in just 2 years. The Nevada went on to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.029 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6785 December 7, 2016 
support the invasion of Normandy. Five other ships damaged at Pearl Har-bor later met Japanese forces in the Philippines. That ‘‘Day of Infamy’’ and the events that followed would ulti-mately galvanize more than 12 million Americans to serve in uniform during the Second World War. We remember the men and women who left their homes to fight an enemy they did not know in places they had never heard of. They said goodbye to their families to protect their neighbors—foreclosed the promise of their own dreams to protect our freedom. We know well the stories of courage and devotion: the Tuskegee Airmen, the 442nd Infantry Regiment. We remember the ingenuity and her-oism of Doolittle’s Raiders, the Navajo code-talkers, and Nisei translators. The war in the Pacific lasted 2,194 days. When American occupation forces landed 4 years later at the end of the war, Japan was in ruins. But in-stead of turning our backs on the peo-ple of Japan, we extended a hand. We chose to turn an enemy into an ally. American occupiers immediately set out to transform Japan into a peaceful democracy, implementing land and economic reforms, improving working conditions, and granting women the right to vote. The United States sent billions of dollars in economic aid to rebuild Japan. Most of that assistance was delivered as food, for even several years after the surrender, there was widespread starvation in Japan. It is hard to forget someone who sends you milk for hungry children, as Prime Minister Abe recently told Congress. The attack on Pearl Harbor set in motion a chain of events with painful consequences for our two countries, but the decision we made to partner with, rather than punish, Japan helped to forge between our two countries what Senator Mike Mansfield described as ‘‘the most important bilateral rela-tionship in the world, bar none.’’ Today, Japan is a leader in the West-ern world. We cooperate as partners to maintain regional peace. Our countries work together to stop the flow of extre-mism and arms in the Indian Ocean. We work side by side in humanitarian relief missions and to defend against ballistic missile threats. Our relation-ship has never been stronger. President Obama’s trip in May to Hiroshima and President Abe’s trip to Pearl Harbor demonstrate the endurance of this friendship and the importance of rec-onciliation. So as we commemorate the 75th an-niversary of the attack on Pearl Har-bor, we remember the service and sac-rifice of the men and women who lost their lives on that day in December. In remembering them and the service of those who fought, we know that their sacrifices were not in vain. America and Japan are forever joined in history. We move forward together, in the memory of those who sacrificed for a better world and for peace. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). The Senator from Mississippi. TRIBUTE TO BARBARA MIKULSKI  
Mr. COCHRAN. Madam President, I rise to compliment and congratulate my good friend and colleague, the sen-ior Senator from Maryland, B
ARBARA  M
IKULSKI , on her decision to retire from the U.S. Senate. We are going to miss her very much. She has been a very effective Senator in speaking not only as a representative for the State of Maryland but also for the entire country on so many different issues and Federal responsibilities of our gov-ernment. She has been very successful in every way—serving as chair of the committee on Appropriations, where it has been my pleasure to work closely with her as the vice chair when the Re-publicans were in the minority, and then coming to chair the committee, with her as the ranking Democratic member during other periods. It has been a distinct honor to serve with her on the Appropriations Com-mittee. In 2012, she became the first woman to chair the committee. She has also served as vice chairwoman for the past 2 years. I am pleased that we have been able to work together to re-port bills that reflect our shared com-mitment to national security, sci-entific research, education, and eco-nomic development. Senator M
IKULSKI  has been a very valuable partner throughout. Her approach to funding decisions as chairwoman and vice- chairwoman highlights the importance of the constitutional role of Congress to be good stewards of taxpayer money. I congratulate B
ARBARA MIKULSKI on her distinguished career representing the people of Maryland which reflects great credit on our U.S. Senate. Best wishes to her. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. REED. Madam President, I rise to discuss the National Defense Au-thorization Act. After several months of debate and negotiation, the House and Senate Armed Services Commit-tees have arrived at a completed con-ference agreement. This will be the 55th consecutive time that we pass a National Defense Authorization Act, which sets national security policy and provides important authorities to the Department of Defense. I want to begin by thanking Chair-man M
CCAINfor his leadership during the course of this year. At his direc-tion, the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee undertook a robust review of how the Department develops strategic guidance and executes their business processes to help the Department oper-ate more effectively and efficiently. I commend the chairman for making this effort a priority for the com-mittee, and I appreciate his willingness to work in a bipartisan fashion on this important endeavor. The conference report we are consid-ering today includes many Senate re-forms, including efforts to improve the defense strategy documents produced by the Department and reorganizing the Office of Acquisition, Technology and Logistics to ensure that the Pen-tagon emphasizes research and innova-tion in support of our warfighters. In particular, one of the most impor-tant reform efforts included in the final conference agreement is a Senate provision that would create cross-func-tional teams. This is a new tool for the Secretary of Defense to manage the formation and implementation of poli-cies and solutions for complex prob-lems that inherently cut across the many stovepiped functional organiza-tions in the Department of Defense. The private sector has pioneered and mastered this highly effective integra-tion mechanism for a generation, and business schools and business consultancies have championed its use for decades. I consider this provision to be one of the most important reform initiatives in this bill. None of this would have happened without the lead-ership, guidance, and constant urging of the chairman, Senator MCCAIN. Once again, I commend him for his extraor-dinary efforts. As these reforms are introduced, it is imperative that we continue to col-laborate with the Department of De-fense to ensure that these reforms con-tribute to our national security and do not create unnecessary and detri-mental consequences. This will be a partnership going forward to ensure that these reforms are adequate, appro-priate, and work for the benefit of the men and women in uniform, and that is a process in which we will all be en-gaged. With respect to the budget, the con-ference agreement we are considering today authorizes a total of $619 billion, which includes $543.4 billion in base budget funding for the Department of Defense and certain security activities of the Department of Energy and $67.8 billion in overseas contingency oper-ations, or OCO, funding. This OCO amount includes $5.8 bil-lion in supplemental funding requested by President Obama for operations in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria, as well as an additional $3.2 billion above Presi-dent Obama’s budget request for base budget requirements primarily devoted to increased end strength. I have seri-ous concerns about increasing OCO funding above the President’s budget request without a corresponding in-crease in domestic spending. While the OCO account is exempt from budget caps, the purpose of the Budget Control Act was to establish proportionately equal caps on defense and nondefense discretionary spending to force a bipar-tisan compromise on the budget. During consideration of the NDAA, the House and Senate had different ap-proaches on how best to fund these base budget requirements and ongoing military operations. However, after a robust debate, we reached an agree-ment on a modest increase in OCO to fund increased end strength and to re-plenish depleted munitions inventories. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.030 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6786 December 7, 2016 
With respect to Afghanistan, the con-ference agreement supports our mili-tary operations. Specifically, the bill authorizes approximately 8,400 troops in Afghanistan in 2017, including fully funding the Afghan Security Forces Fund at $4.26 billion to continue sup-port to the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces. Likewise, the bill contains $814 million to enhance the capabilities of the Afghan Air Force and begin a transition from Mi-17 to the UH–60 helicopters. Also—and this is an issue that I sup-port very strongly after a recent trip to Afghanistan—it accelerates the Af-ghan Aviation Initiative, which is de-signed to build greater rotary wing ca-pability and fixed-wing capabilities in the Afghan Air Force. This is a critical battlefield advantage that the Afghan forces will have over the Taliban. With respect to Europe, we have fully funded the President’s request of $3.4 billion for the European Reassurance Initiative. This funding will support critical investments that will increase rotational U.S. military presence in Europe, improve key infrastructure, and enhance allied and partner mili-tary capabilities to respond to external aggression and preserve regional sta-bility. The agreement also includes an authorization of $350 million for the Ukraine training assistance initiative, to continue and expand security assist-ance and intelligence support to the Ukrainian security forces to protect their sovereignty and encourage a con-tinued focus on robust defense reform efforts. With regard to our special operations forces, they are at the forefront of our fight against ISIL, Al Qaeda, and other terrorist groups. The bill also includes important reforms designed to improve the oversight and advocacy for their important efforts by enhancing the role of the Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict. I think those re-forms will be something we watch and encourage. With respect to other aspects of our security programs, the conference agreement includes a comprehensive reform of Defense Department security cooperation programs. This is the first time such a reform has been under-taken, and it is an effort to ensure there is unity of effort across our gov-ernment in the security assistance arena. Likewise, the conference agreement includes a provision that would en-hance the scope and authority of the Global Engagement Center. For too long we have been losing the informa-tion space to our adversaries—both state and nonstate actors. It is my hope that by providing this critical center at the State Department with a powerful mandate, we can begin to im-prove our efforts in the information space. The bill also supports modernization efforts of many different weapons plat-forms. I am particularly pleased to see that we are continuing two-per-year construction of the Virginia-class sub-marine. It also supports additional re-quests for advance procurement to keep this production on track. Fur-thermore, it authorizes $1.9 billion for the Ohio-class replacement, including the first strategic nuclear submarine procurement funds, to begin the proc-ess of reinvigorating and rebuilding our underwater nuclear deterrence through the Ohio-class replacement. In addition to modernization of our underwater forces, we are also looking at modernizing our triad of air, sea, and ground delivery platforms for stra-tegic deterrence. This is the beginning of a multi-decade effort involving three major acquisition programs: our bal-listic missile submarines—as I have mentioned, the Ohio-class replace-ment—long-range penetrating bombers, and also the land-based interconti-nental ballistic missiles. Most impor-tantly, we will be modernizing their command and control systems to en-sure that our President always has positive control of these forces. As I have stated many times, modernization is critical in light of the increasingly belligerent actions by Russia, which conducted a nuclear exercise imme-diately after invading Crimea as a form of nuclear intimidation. In the area of technology and acqui-sition, I am pleased the conference re-port takes a number of important steps to help DOD maintain its technological superiority. We continue to build on past work on acquisition reform under-taken by the committee, as well as the successes of Defense Secretary Carter and his colleagues, including Under Secretary Kendall, in controlling the costs of major weapons systems pro-curement programs. The agreement includes a number of steps to improve defense acquisition processes, including strengthening the acquisition workforce, simplifying and streamlining regulatory and bureau-cratic burdens on the government and industry, making it easier for DOD to work with innovative small businesses and commercial companies, and pro-moting the use of prototyping and rapid fielding to speed the development and deployment of advanced new sys-tems. In the area of technological innova-tion, I hope that reconstituting the po-sition of Under Secretary of Research and Engineering will help promote con-nections with innovators both inside and outside of the government and en-sure that the policies and practices governing our R&D programs, our de-fense labs, and our engagements with universities and industry are optimized to promote the most efficient and ef-fective development of new systems and technologies. Finally, I think the conference report includes important provisions designed to streamline and modernize Pentagon management processes. The bill sup-ports efforts to develop and execute the modern management techniques and practices modeled on private sector best practices, including the use of big data to improve Pentagon business processes. I believe that refining Pen-tagon management practices will re-sult in cost savings and efficiencies, freeing up funds for other critical needs. I note that the conferees did not in-clude several provisions regarding the application of Obama administration Executive orders related to labor, safe workplace, and LGBT issues. Many of these are very problematic. I hope we continue to work to ensure the Depart-ment engages with fiscally and socially responsible and effective contractors to the best benefit of warfighters and tax-payers alike. Of course, one of the key issues for the committee was the readiness of troops. I am pleased the conference re-port includes significant resources for the military services’ unfunded re-quirements, with the goal of restoring full-spectrum readiness as soon as pos-sible. For example, the bill includes ad-ditional funding for Army units to con-duct additional home station training in order to prepare them for future combat training center rotations, as well as additional flight training for the other services. We have also included significant re-sources in order to provide additional depot maintenance to repair our mili-tary aircraft, ships, and combat vehi-cles. There is also additional funding to better sustain our military installa-tions, specifically in the facilities res-toration and modernization accounts. In the area of military personnel, the conference agreement accomplishes much on behalf of our servicemembers and the Department of Defense because we owe them much. It authorizes a 2.1 percent pay raise for all servicemem-bers, supports requested increases in the housing benefit, and reauthorizes a number of expiring bonus and special pay authorities to encourage enlist-ment, reenlistment, and continued service by Active-Duty and Reserve component military personnel. Unfortunately, the bill does not in-clude the provision in the Senate- passed bill that would have required women to register for the draft to the same extent men are required. I con-tinue to believe this is the right policy for the Nation and the military. If we are going to have a draft, women must share equally the burden and privilege of service. We must be able to take ad-vantage of their extraordinary talents because without those talents our mili-tary today could not function as it does. However, the bill does establish an independent national commission on military, national, and public service to study the need for a military selec-tive service process, including whether the Nation continues to need a mecha-nism designed to draft large numbers of replacement combat troops; whether women should be required to partici-pate equally in the process; the means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.031 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6787 December 7, 2016 
by which to foster a greater attitude and ethos of service among the United States’ young men and women, includ-ing an increased propensity for mili-tary service; and how to obtain mili-tary, national, and public service indi-viduals with skills for which the Na-tion has a critical need. This commis-sion could provide valuable insight on how we should proceed, particularly in a state of national emergency, in pull-ing together the best of our young peo-ple to serve the Nation. With respect to health care, the bill contains a robust package of health care reforms that will bring the mili-tary health care program in line with the best practices in the civilian health care industry. This is something we have to continue to emphasize—the ability to care and treat all of our per-sonnel and retirees with respect to their health care. I think we have done a lot of impor-tant work in this legislation. Let me conclude, as I began, by thanking Chairman M
CCAIN and my Senate colleagues on the committee for their thoughtful contributions to this process. I also thank my col-leagues on the House Armed Services Committee, Chairman M
ACTHORN -
BERRY and Ranking Member A DAM S
MITH. They did a superb job, along with their staffs. This was truly a thoughtful, bipartisan process that re-sulted in a bill that I believe will re-ceive overwhelming support on the floor of the Senate, as it did in the House. Finally, of course, this agreement would not have been possible without the extraordinary work of the staff. I thank so many, but I particularly thank Chris Brose, Steve Barney, and all the majority committee staff for their hard work. On the Democratic side, I thank my staff director, Elizabeth King. I also thank Gary Leeling, Creighton Greene, Carolyn Chuhta, Maggie McNamara, Jonathan Clark, Jonathan Epstein, Ozge Guzelsu, Jody Bennett, Mike Kuiken, Kirk McConnell, Mike Noblet, John Quirk, Arun Seraphin, and Jon Green. I deeply appreciate all of their ef-forts. They have made this bill pos-sible. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I come to the Senate floor to thank Chairman M
CCAINfor his efforts on the National Defense Authorization Act. Yesterday I was here talking about the Cures Act, and I know that is the busi-ness of the day, but I also want to rec-ognize the importance of the NDAA and its assumed or hoped-for passage today or this week. I appreciate Sen-ator MCCAINworking with me and sup-porting my amendment to remove lan-guage that would allow the administra-tion to expend taxpayer dollars on plans to close Guantanamo Bay deten-tion facility. As in previous years, the NDAA con-tinues to prohibit the closure of Gitmo and the transfer of detainees to U.S. soil. Fort Leavenworth, in my home State of Kansas, has been a site under this administration’s consideration. This administration and foreign coun-tries have lost track of numerous de-tainees, which escalates the risk for military men and women if the de-tainee is returned to the battlefield. With the total reengagement rate at Gitmo detainees returning to that bat-tlefield at more than 30 percent, this provision is a life-and-death matter. This Defense authorization also halts troop reduction and increases end strength across our Active, National Guard, and Reserve Forces. In every Senate Appropriations Defense Sub-committee hearing this past year with Department of Defense officials, from service chiefs to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, I received answers that concluded our Armed Services would welcome more forces, not less. I introduced the POSTURE Act, S. 2563, with my colleagues Senator B
LUNT and Senator P ERDUE , to reverse these force reductions, increase end strength in the Active Duty, National Guard and Reserve, and specifically in-crease levels for our ground forces in the Army and Marine Corps. I am pleased this defense legislation—the one we are considering this week—re-flects the objectives of the POSTURE Act by stopping force reductions and increasing end-strength levels across the Armed Services. There are many unknowns around the world, and to reduce the size of our defense force would be a mistake. We have been impacted already by budget decisions rather than based upon what our Armed Forces need to defend America. Readiness is paramount, and this NDAA allows for increased funding to make certain we are training, equip-ping, and readying our forces as chal-lenges around the world unfold. As Chief of Staff of the Army GEN Mark Milley has repeatedly said, ‘‘Readiness wins wars.’’ The Big Red One—the Army’s 1st In-fantry Division located at Fort Riley in Manhattan, KS, near Junction City, KS, has deployed its headquarters to Iraq for a second time in less than 2 years. That kind of turnaround re-quires the highest levels of readiness. This bill also authorizes critical mili-tary construction funding for Fort Riley, Fort Leavenworth, and McCon-nell Air Force Base, helping Kansas re-main a stronghold for our military training and power. As we head into the holidays, I am pleased that servicemembers and their families will receive, with the cer-tainty of the passage of this bill, bene-fits which they have earned and that they deserve, which includes a 2.1-per-cent pay increase, which is the largest increase in 5 years. 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ATTACK ON PEARL  
HARBOR  
As we pass this defense legislation to support our military men and women, those who serve our Nation, we must take a moment to also reflect upon the significance of this day—December 7, 1941—that horrific attack on Pearl Har-bor 75 years ago. That day forever changed our Nation and our national defense. We should never forget those who perished in that attack, as they made that ultimate sacrifice: 2,008 naval men, 109 Marines, 218 Army men, and 68 civilians. Shortly after I was elected to the U.S. Senate on December 7, 2010, I had the distinct opportunity to present service medals to Kansans who had served and survived the attack on Pearl Harbor. It took us 69 years after they survived that attack, but I was honored to bestow U.S. Navy veterans Arthur Dunn and Paul Aschbrenner with their much deserved commenda-tions. It was a special moment I will not forget. 
VETERANS HEALTH CARE AND BENEFITS  
LEGISLATION  
To honor those who perished that day as well as those who survived, like Ar-thur and Paul, we must care for the 21.8 million veterans who live among us today and who deserve the best our Na-tion can offer. We have an opportunity to better care for our veterans with the passage of H.R. 6416, the Jeff Miller and Richard Blumenthal Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act of 2016, which has passed the House and is coming to the Senate. This legislation includes 76 bipar-tisan provisions to improve VA health care, streamline disability compensa-tion, and address other benefits and services that must be reformed to bet-ter serve our veterans. I thank the chairman of my committee, the Sen-ator from Georgia, for his leadership in this regard. I am particularly pleased that this legislation includes legislation that I, along with Senator B
LUMENTHAL , have diligently worked on for over the last several years. It is sponsored by 48 of our Senate colleagues. It is the Toxic Exposure Research Act. This legisla-tion takes a significant step toward re-searching the potential health effects of toxic exposure to veterans and their descendants. To send a strong message to our veterans, we must pass this leg-islation. I often meet with World War II vet-erans at the memorial that was built in their honor on the National Mall. The message I try to convey is one that I also shared with my dad upon my first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.033 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6788 December 7, 2016 
visit to the memorial. I stepped away and called my dad at home in Plain-ville, KS, and I said: Dad, I should have said this a long time ago, but I thank you for your service, I respect you, and I love you. That, we do again today. On this significant day in our Nation’s his-tory, with the passage of veterans leg-islation, with the passage of NDAA, we certainly can tell our service men and women and our veterans, those who served our country so diligently and so faithfully, that we thank you for your service, we respect you, and we love you. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT  
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I rise to talk about the ongoing discussions about the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. I basically want to make the case that this repeal, without a replacement being known, would be malpractice for the health care of millions of Ameri-cans as well as malpractice for the American economy. Before I talk about why, I just want to tell two stories. On Monday of this week, I visited Neighborhood Health, which is a com-munity health center in Northern Vir-ginia that serves 14,000 patients. It is not a walk-in clinic; they are sort of a medical home for 14,000 low-income Northern Virginians, mostly working people. Community health centers in Virginia, West Virginia, and in every State are a critical part of the health care safety net. In Virginia, they serve about 300,000 patients and millions na-tionally. They are medicine with a mission. They don’t deny anybody primary health care services because of inabil-ity to pay, and residents have equal ac-cess regardless of where they live, their culture, their gender, their race, or re-sources. Many centers, including the one I visited just 20 minutes from here, were centers that were able to build or ex-pand because of the Affordable Care Act. Facilities have gotten better in communities across the country be-cause of the Affordable Care Act. That visit made powerfully clear to me how much every ZIP Code in this country has been affected by the Affordable Care Act because of these centers and other services that are provided. The second story is a story from my recently completed, 105-day, unsuccess-ful venture as part of a national ticket. I was at the Iowa State Fair. A grand-father was carrying a little boy who looked to be about 3
1⁄2years old. I said: Tell me this youngster’s name. The grandfather said: This is Jude. Of course, I said: Hey, Jude, and I said: Tell me about Jude. The grandfather and now the father walked over and started to talk to me, and what they said is this: Jude is 3
1⁄2years old and he has already had five open heart oper-ations at the Omaha Children’s Hos-pital, which is just across the river from Western Iowa, in Nebraska. They looked at me and they said he couldn’t have had these operations had it not been for the Affordable Care Act. Had it not been for the Affordable Care Act, he now would have exceeded his life-time limit of any policy he could ever get, and he also would have a pre-existing condition because of his heart condition that would render him un-able to get insurance for the rest of his life. They looked at me, and—the fa-ther especially is a pretty big guy—and they asked: Will you do all you can— will you do all you can to make sure that this act is not repealed? You can strengthen it, you can improve it, but will you do all you can to make sure it is not repealed? I looked at them and I said—because I believed this even be-fore they asked me the question: I will do anything to my last breath to make sure that we improve this but that we don’t get rid of it. That is why I stand on the floor today. Since the Affordable Care Act was passed in March of 2010, 20 million Americans have health insurance and many of them for the first time in their life. That is, I think, the com-bined population of about 14 or 15 States, having health insurance for the first time in their lives. Now, when you have health insur-ance, it is not only that you can get care for an illness or an accident, even when you are healthy, you can go to bed at night with the knowledge that if something happens to my wife tomor-row, if something happens to me to-morrow, if something happens to my child tomorrow, they will be able to re-ceive care. The percentage in the Nation of peo-ple who were uninsured when the Af-fordable Care Act was passed was 16 percent. One in six Americans was un-insured. Now it is down to 8.6 percent. That is the lowest level of uninsured we have had probably since we have measured it. In Virginia, the drop has been from 13 percent—we were a little better than the national average—and we have dropped down to 9.1 percent uninsured. We are a little higher than the national average now because my State does not accept Medicaid expan-sion, but the difference in 6 years is 327,000 more Virginians have health in-surance in 2015 than had it in 2010. That is a powerful thing. In addition to having health insur-ance, families are protected because they can’t get turned away because of preexisting conditions, they can’t get turned away because they have reached lifetime limits in terms of their med-ical care, as Jude would have reached by age 31⁄2. Children can stay on family policies until age 26. Women cannot be charged different health care premiums than men. Insurance companies are re-quired to rebate excess premium pay-ments back to consumers if they over-charge. It is not just about the millions who have health insurance who have never had it before, there are also millions and millions more to receive protec-tions they have never had before. These are important provisions. There has been discussion that I have been reading and following that what some want to do is just repeal the Af-fordable Care Act, with a vague prom-ise that something will happen down the line. Of course, those who want to repeal the Affordable Care Act who voted against it in March of 2010 have had 6 or now nearly 7 years to come up with what they think would be better, and there has been no consensus about what they think would be better. So the notion of we are going to repeal it and don’t worry, we will come up with a better alternative, rings pretty hol-low to a family like Jude’s parents and grandparents who have a three-and-a- half-year-old-boy who needs open heart surgery. The notion that don’t worry, we will find a replacement, we will find a fix—I think we could forgive some-body like Jude’s family for not having a lot of confidence in that. If, in fact, we are serious about find-ing a fix, why don’t we go to work find-ing a fix before we pass legislation to repeal the law. I have said I think it is health mal-practice and economic malpractice. Let me start with the economic mal-practice. The worst thing Congress can do for the economy is to inject uncer-tainty into it. I have been a mayor and I have been a Governor and I am a cer-tainty fanatic. What I have learned about the economy is that our strong and resilient business sector—if you give them certainty, they can plan. They may not like a policy, they might not like a budget number, but if you tell them this is the way it is going to be, the ingenuity of our private sector is significant. They are going to be able to plan, they are going to be able to make the best of it, they are going to be able to figure it out, but if you pro-vide uncertainty and don’t tell people what you are going to do, that is very devastating. I am on the Budget Committee. I came into the Budget Committee in the Senate, and I told me colleagues on both sides of the aisle: I am a certainty fanatic. We should be doing a budget. We shouldn’t be doing a continuing res-olution right now. We should be doing appropriations bills because when we tell both our own planners in our own departments and also the private econ-omy: This is what it is going to be for the next year, they can figure it out, they can adjust, and they can do well. When we instead deliver a message that we don’t know what we are going to do—oh, there will be a fix, but it will be a few years from now, we can’t tell you what it is going to be now, and really we can’t even promise we will do it since we haven’t done it in 6 years— you inject uncertainty into the econ-omy, and that is the worst thing we can do. I have made the argument that the recovery we have been on economi-cally—which is not a robust recovery, but it is a steady recovery—the prin-cipal reason it has been steady but not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.034 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6789 December 7, 2016 
robust is because of uncertainty, and the principal generator of uncertainty in the United States is this body, Con-gress. Congress’s inability to do budget in regular order, Congress’s inability to tackle priorities, Congress’s inability to work on big picture fiscal issues generates uncertainty. So now we are talking about a repeal of the Affordable Care Act, the single largest sector in the American econ-omy. One-sixth of the GDP of this country is health care. If you tell the entire American economy we are going to go into the largest sector in the economy, we are going to repeal it, and don’t worry, we will get to something down the road as a replacement, you will inject uncertainty into an econ-omy in a degree that has never been done by this body that I think will have catastrophic economic con-sequences even beyond health care. It is also malpractice in the health lives of Americans. The Urban Insti-tute has come out with a study today, an update of a study they did a year ago. There was a proposal a year ago to repeal the Affordable Care Act that President Obama vetoed. They did a study about what would repeal mean. This is what repeal means to the Amer-ican public as we get ready to celebrate the holidays, a time when we are mind-ful of the needs of others: The number of uninsured people in the United States, if the ACA is re-pealed, would rise from its current 28.9 million to 58.7 million, an increase of 29.8 million uninsured in this country. The share of nonelderly people without insurance would increase from 11 per-cent to 21 percent. Of the 29.8 million newly uninsured as a result of the repeal, 22.5 will be-come uninsured as a result of elimi-nating premium tax credits, Medicaid expansion, and the individual mandate, and the additional 7.3 million would be-come uninsured because of the near collapse of the nongroup insurance market, and 82 percent of the new 29 million who will become uninsured are working families, 82 percent; 38 percent would be ages 18 to 34; 56 percent would be non-Hispanic Whites; 80 percent of adults becoming uninsured are adults who do not have college degrees. There will be 12.9 million fewer people with Medicaid or CHIP coverage in 2019 if the Affordable Care Act is repealed, and nearly 9.5 million people who have received tax credits to help them pur-chase private nongroup health cov-erage in 2019 will no longer receive that assistance. This is catastrophic to tens of millions of Americans. I will tell a third story that is a story about me. I have to have the healthiest family in the United States, my wife and I and our three children. The only hospitalizations we have ever had, until my wife recently broke a bone, was for three child births. Our kids are 27, 24, and 21. We are the healthiest family in the United States. I was re-quired once to go out right after the Affordable Care Act passed to buy health insurance on the open market. I didn’t have an employer who could cover it. Two insurers turned me down because they said: We can’t write a pol-icy for your whole family because of a preexisting condition. One insurer turned me down because of something about me, and one insurer turned me down because of something about one of my children. Again, we are the healthiest family there is. We were able to say: Wait a minute. The Affordable Care Act just passed. You are not legally allowed to do that now. You have to write a policy for the whole family. The insurance agent who dealt with us on the phone said: Let me talk to my supervisor, and then called back and said: You know, what. You are right. We have to write you a policy. This is a law that not only provides health insurance to 20 million people who never had it before but for even healthy families like mine provides benefits to protect against some of the worst and most predacious behaviors of insurance companies. If the act is re-pealed, this all goes away. Americans agree, repeal is not the answer. A Kaiser Foundation poll that was done in the last 2 weeks showed that only 26 percent of Americans sup-port a repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Of the other 75 percent, some think it should stay the same, some think it should be tweaked backward a little bit, some think it should be ad-vanced, but only one in four Americans believe we should repeal this law. Over-whelmingly, what the American public is telling us is, we should improve the law. That is what we should be about in this body. When I was the Governor of Virginia, I noticed at the end of every legislative session there would be 1,100 bills on my desk for me to review, sign, veto, or amend. Of the 1,100 bills, pretty much every year 200 or 300 would be new, but 800 would be improvements to existing law. The job of a legislature is more about taking existing laws and reform-ing and improving it than repealing or doing something brand new. That is what puzzles me. Why aren’t we doing that? Clearly, there is no rush. There is no rush because the discussions are, we would repeal the Affordable Care Act with a promise we will find a replace-ment in 2 or 3 years. So if the notion is we are going to work for 2 or 3 years to find a replacement, there is no rush, and if there is no rush, why aren’t we sitting down right now? Instead of re-pealing the law, why aren’t we sitting down right now? Let’s sit down around the table, let’s talk about what we don’t like, let’s talk about what we do like, let’s talk about what it means to have 20 million people in this country with health insurance, many for the first time in their lives, and what they might think. Let’s get the perspectives of hospitals. Let’s get the perspectives of insurers, of doctors, and other med-ical professionals. That is what we should be doing. What is the rush? I fear the rush is for one reason: a de-sire to do something before this Presi-dent leaves office that can be a little bit of a poke in his eye, but it is a poke in his eye politically in a way that takes families like Jude’s family or the families I saw at the neighborhood health center in Alexandria and puts deep fear and uncertainty in their lives and also puts uncertainty into one- sixth of the American economy. I know we will be having this discus-sion in earnest, I suspect a little bit over the next couple of days but more when the year begins, just as we are going to be having discussions about Medicare and Medicaid, with 1.3 mil-lion Medicare enrollees in Virginia as of 2015. The CHIP and Medicaid Pro-grams in Virginia have an additional 970,000 enrollees. I read dramatic dis-cussions about these programs as well, these basic safety net programs. I will conclude and say there is no reason we shouldn’t be able to sit down around the table and talk about im-provements. What I might call a re-form somebody else could call a re-placement. I don’t care about the label, but what I do care about is repealing a law that provides millions of people the confidence that they have health care for the first time in their lives, doing it and having the discussion during the holiday season, doing it in a way that will hurt working people, will hurt working people who don’t have high school degrees, doing it in a way that will hurt people who are already sick, who are already dealing with illnesses in their families. I am a student of this body. I am not a historian. I am a student of this body, but my prediction would be this: If this body goes down the path of re-pealing this important law that pro-vides important protections to millions with no idea about what the replace-ment is, I think it will be a day we will look back on and those who care about this body will look back on, probably in the not-too-distant future, and will say this will be one of the low moments in the history of the United States Senate. There is no need for it because there are people of good will in this body who are willing to sit down and find solutions and find improvements and find reforms, but nobody seems willing to have that discussion. Let’s have that discussion rather than the repeal discussion, and we will serve our constituents better. Madam President, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, today, the Senate will vote on signifi-cant legislation—a bill that aims to make it easier for innovative medical treatments to be approved, while in-vesting over $6 billion in medical re-search and combating the opioid crisis. The bill also takes an important step toward improving our mental health system, specifically by strengthening our parity laws to ensure mental health treatments are covered by in-surance companies. Medical research holds tremendous promise, but our commitment to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.036 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6790 December 7, 2016 
funding has not kept pace with what is needed to make more breakthroughs with diseases like cancer and Alz-heimer’s. In recent years, Congress has supported increased funds for medical research, but these increases have come at the expense of other important domestic programs. We can and should do more. In October, Vice President B
IDEN joined me in Vermont to discuss the fu-ture of cancer treatment. We learned that we are on the cusp of so many de-velopments in fighting the disease, but that more research is needed to get there. This bill contains $1.8 billion dedicated to Vice President B
IDEN’s cancer moonshot and another $1.4 bil-lion in precision medicine to help tar-get treatments to individual patients. It also includes $1.5 billion for Presi-dent Obama’s BRAIN Initiative, to ex-pand brain mapping technologies that help scientists understand brain dis-orders and diseases affecting the cen-tral nervous system. Since the BRAIN Initiative was established in 2013, it has already made significant advances in medical knowledge, including im-proving artificial limb technologies and discovering more links between brain chemical functions and depres-sion. I am also pleased that this bill fi-nally fulfills our commitment to fund efforts to combat the opioid crisis. This is especially critical since Congress failed to include necessary funding re-sources when the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act passed ear-lier this year. This bill contains $1 bil-lion to combat the opioid crisis, with the first half of the funding to be dedi-cated this fiscal year. Each day, 129 people die from drug overdoses in this country. Vermont and many other pre-dominately rural States have been hit particularly hard by this epidemic. I suspect that almost every Vermonter knows someone who has been impacted by addiction. It is something I hear about regularly when I am home in Vermont. This is not the future we want for our children, for our grand-children, or for our communities. I am hopeful that the funding included in this bill will help States move people into treatment to eventually stop the tragic cycle of abuse. While I strongly support this fund-ing, in addition to the bill’s expansion of medical research and mental health parity, this bill is far from perfect. Whereas the bill contains $6.3 billion in upfront cuts to offset funding for its many efforts, these funds are not in fact guaranteed each year. Rather, the Appropriations Committee must act each year to ‘‘unlock’’ the funding. Re-publican leaders assure us that this funding will go out the door, and as the incoming vice chairman of the Appro-priations Committee, I intend to hold them to that promise. I am also concerned that the bill in-cludes provisions to fast-track pre-scription drug approval through the Food and Drug Administration, FDA. We all want to ensure that patients have access to medications, but we must also be sure those treatments are both safe and effective. I have concerns that this bill may weaken the stand-ards by which the FDA can review cer-tain medications, for example, by al-lowing the agency to use existing data from different drug trials to prove the safety of new medications that include similar drug compounds. Furthermore, while the bill makes it easier in many cases to get drugs ap-proved, it does nothing to address the unreasonable price hikes we have seen in some prescription drugs. I filed an amendment with Senators G RASSLEY , K
LOBUCHAR , and L EEthat would ad-dress some of the anticompetitive be-havior many drug companies are en-gaging in to help drive up the cost of their drugs. For example, in order to delay approval of generic drugs enter-ing the market, some drug companies withhold drug samples or refuse to enter into shared safety agreements with generic manufacturers—both of which are necessary for FDA approval. Our amendment, which mirrors our CREATES Act, would close this loop-hole and help generic drugs come to the market faster. Unfortunately, the Senate will not have the opportunity to consider this improvement to the bill or any others before we vote on the bill’s passage. I am frustrated that a bill of this enor-mity—that has never been considered by the full Senate—is being placed on the calendar at the end of a session with no opportunity for amendments. I hope the Senate leadership will promptly schedule floor debates on this and other improvements to this pack-age early next year. Nevertheless, improvements were made to this bill before it was consid-ered by the House last week. For exam-ple, the bill no longer includes a provi-sion that would weaken the disclosure requirements for physicians receiving gifts. The bill also now clearly directs opioid funding to States that have been hit hardest by the crisis. Lastly, more of the funding for medical research is set to go out this fiscal year, which will have an immediate impact on im-proving the important work of the NIH and our overall medical research com-munity. On balance, this is an important piece of legislation that offers a great promise to move the bar forward on medical research, while also providing critical relief to families suffering from opioid addiction. I believe these strong investments will benefit us for genera-tions to come, and I will support the passage of this bill. Mr. REED. Madam President, I am pleased to support the 21st Century Cures Act, which includes a number of critical mental health provisions, much needed funding for medical re-search and innovation at the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration, as well as fund-ing to help combat the opioid crisis in our country. First, I would like to highlight divi-sion B of this legislation, the Mental Health Reform Act. The Mental Health Reform Act represents years of work in Congress across party lines to improve the quality of and access to mental health and substance abuse treatment, such as training more behavioral health workers and strengthening par-ity for mental health and substance abuse treatment. This bill also includes my legislation, the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Reauthorization Act, which supports youth suicide prevention grants for schools—elementary schools through college where children and young adults spend most of their time—to be able to reach at-risk youth. I am especially pleased that, for the first time, this bill will allow fund-ing to be used for mental health treat-ment on college campuses, the most ef-fective way to prevent suicide. I have worked with advocates across the men-tal health community for the better part of the last decade on this effort, so I am pleased to see this come to fru-ition. This legislation also includes an infu-sion of funding for National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Ad-ministration—$4.8 billion over the next 10 years, including $1 billion to be con-centrated over the next 3 years for the Cancer Moonshot initiative. I com-mend Vice President B
IDEN for his work to spearhead the Cancer Moon-shot initiative over the last year, and I think it was a fitting tribute that the Senate agreed unanimously to rename this title of the bill after his son, Beau Biden, who tragically lost his life to cancer last year. The remaining fund-ing will be used to support key efforts at the NIH, such as the Precision Medi-cine Initiative, the BRAIN Initiative, and regenerative medicine using adult stem cells. In addition, the bill con-tains $1 billion in funding for States to respond to the ongoing opioid epi-demic. Earlier this year, passage of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act was an important first step in addressing this crisis, but my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle voted against efforts to fund the legis-lation and provide access to treatment in our communities. I am pleased that we will finally have real funding going to communities this year to provide this treatment. However, I am disappointed that this bill does not make this funding manda-tory. We will still have to rely on ap-propriations in the future to ensure that this funding goes out as intended. I am also concerned about the cuts in this bill, which many of my colleagues have spoken about at length during consideration of the bill, and I would like to echo those comments. For ex-ample, this legislation cuts the Preven-tion and Public Health Fund by $3.5 billion, to the detriment of worthy and vital efforts such as youth suicide pre-vention, immunizations, and lead poi-soning prevention. While I have these reservations, I am pleased that the Congress is able to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.062 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6791 December 7, 2016 
support bipartisan reforms to our men-tal health system, as well as funding for medical research and the opioid re-sponse. I hope that we will be able to work on a bipartisan basis to ensure that these efforts continue to be funded over the next several years. Mr. BURR. Madam President, I am pleased to rise to talk about the 21st Century Cures bill we have before us today. At the beginning of this Congress, my good friend Senator A
LEXANDER  and I issued a report entitled Innova-tion for Healthier Americans in which we asked a simple, but critical, ques-tion: how can we do it better? Chair-man A
LEXANDER and I asked this ques-tion because we must do it better for our constituents and their loved ones who are battling devastating diseases— diseases like Alzheimer’s, cancer, and rare pediatric conditions—for which we have no treatments today, but hope that we will in time to help the coura-geous individuals with these diseases to win their fight. I commend Chair-man A
LEXANDER for his resolute focus on this critical work and for his leader-ship in bringing forward the bill we have before us today. For decades, our Nation has led the world in medical innovation, but the challenges to maintaining this global edge have never been greater. We rec-ognized that our Nation’s biomedical discovery and development must work as well as possible to ensure that Americans are able to benefit from the most cutting-edge medical innovations in as timely a manner as possible. We are at a tremendously exciting era in medicine that will be defined by inno-vation. Innovation holds great poten-tial. Our ability to respond to public health threats, including those that pose a direct threat to our national se-curity, will in large part be defined by whether or not we embrace innovation. In other words, the stakes could not be greater and innovation will be the key to our success in these endeavors. The bill before us today reflects a tremendous amount of bipartisan work and covers many areas of health care. I want to take just a few moments to highlight a handful of provisions on which I have partnered with my col-leagues and that I believe answer the question of how we can do it better. I am pleased that the final Cures bill includes the Advancing Targeted Therapies for Rare Diseases Act, legis-lation that will help advance the devel-opment of targeted drugs for patients with serious or life threatening rare ge-netic diseases. Each of us has met con-stituents facing a difficult diagnosis, and these cases are particularly dev-astating when the patient is a young child who should have a lifetime ahead of them, but for which we have no treatment to offer them. These are the patients who move us to bring an unapologetic urgency to our work on these issues. The choice between noth-ing and nothing is not a choice. And so I want to thank my colleagues, par-ticularly Senator BENNET , Senator H
ATCH , and Senator W ARREN , for their work on the Advancing Targeted Therapies for Rare Diseases Act. Devel-oping drugs for rare diseases is particu-larly difficult, but as our genetic un-derstanding of rare diseases increases, there will be new opportunities to pur-sue treatments for Duchenne muscular dystrophy, cystic fibrosis, and certain cancers, and these provisions will help to pave the way for these therapies to reach patients sooner. With these op-portunities will come renewed hope for the children, adults, and families bat-tling these conditions. I am particularly pleased that the final Cures bill also includes the Ad-vancing Breakthrough Devices for Pa-tients Act. This legislation builds on the Advancing Breakthrough Therapies for Patients Act, which was enacted 4 years ago and has been very effective in helping to bring forward break-through therapies for patients. I want to thank Senator B
ENNET and Senator H
ATCH for their collaboration and part-nership on these breakthrough bills. Like our 2012 bill, these provisions will ensure an all-hands-on-deck approach, this time for devices, with the goal of expediting the development and review of breakthrough technologies. These provisions are appropriately focused on what these technologies will mean for patients. In order to qualify for FDA designation as a breakthrough device, a device must provide more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threat-ening or irreversibly debilitating dis-eases or conditions. These devices must represent breakthrough technologies, have no approved alternatives, offer significant advantages over existing approved alternatives, or their avail-ability must be in the best interest of patients. These devices might be the next technology that better prepares us to respond to needs in a disaster or life-threatening situation or the inno-vation that improves the manner and quality of an individual’s episode of care. In other words, bringing forward these breakthrough devices will im-prove health care. The timely and predictable review of medical products is key to promoting and protecting the public health. The FDA Modernization Act I authored in 1997 sought to modernize the agency in a way that supported regulating in the least burdensome manner, while ensur-ing that innovative products would reach patients in as timely a manner as possible. The FDA Device Account-ability Act’s bipartisan provisions in-cluded in the final Cures bill build on these efforts. I want to thank Senator F
RANKEN for his collaboration on this legislation, which will ensure that FDA eliminates unnecessary burdens when reviewing devices. It will also permit more efficient device clinical trials. In addition, the bill will require FDA to update guidance on certain tests per-formed in doctors’ offices to ensure that the guidance on this matter aligns with the FDA Modernization Act’s in-tent that, if the results by trained and untrained users are comparable, a test is considered to be accurate for CLIA waiver purposes. If we are going to en-sure devices are able to reach Ameri-cans in as timely a manner as possible, we need to focus on what is necessary to know to meet FDA’s gold standard for approval. What might be nice to know is not necessarily central to what FDA needs to know to make regulatory decisions. These provisions will help provide needed regulatory certainty and focus when it comes to FDA’s re-view of medical devices. As we worked on the Cures bill this Congress, we have been reminded of the need to be prepared for the full range of public health threats that may present themselves, whether naturally occur-ring, like the Zika virus, or the result of a deliberate attack. I want to thank Senator CASEY for his partnership in making sure we are as prepared as pos-sible for these threats. The final Cures bill includes provisions from our bipar-tisan bill, the Medical Counter-measures Innovation Act, which will encourage the development of the med-ical products needed to protect the American people in the event of a glob-al pandemic or biological weapons at-tack. Cochairs of the Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense, Joe Lieber-man and Tom Ridge, wrote that this legislation would further strengthen the underpinnings of biological pre-paredness by creating new incentives for public-private partnerships; clari-fying and streamlining contracting processes at the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority; and ensuring that our Nation’s health care providers have the guidance they need to use medical countermeasures in an emergency. The Alliance for Bio-security has said that the medical countermeasure priority review vouch-er provided for in our legislation, and the final Cures bill, would be a game changer for investment in biodefense. Researching, developing, and getting a medical countermeasure across the ap-proval finish line to market is a long, difficult, costly, and very risky but necessary endeavor. The priority re-view voucher for medical counter-measures will help to invigorate part-nerships to ensure we have the medical countermeasures we need against the most serious identified threats— threats that have been found to affect our national security. We have heard that this program will benefit not only our civilian needs, but those of our Na-tion’s warfighters, and, in doing so, better protect the American people. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to ensure we fully leverage this provision, including en-suring that partners and innovators in this space have the certainty of know-ing the Federal Government is com-mitted to seeing this work through and not undercutting it by stopping our work on these fronts before we are fully prepared to protect the American people from these serious threats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.063 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6792 December 7, 2016 
I also want to take this opportunity to thank Senator C
ASEY for working with me in our annual efforts to advo-cate for the National Institutes of Health having the robust resources it needs to advance its lifesaving work. In addition to the funding increases the NIH has been provided through the ap-propriations process, this legislation will give NIH a meaningful booster shot in dedicated funding to enhance its work in promising areas. While passage and enactment of this legislation is a significant step, it is by no means the last. I will continue to hold the NIH and FDA accountable for their work on behalf of America’s pa-tients, and I look forward to con-tinuing to partner with my colleagues on these important issues. As I have said before, the day-to-day actions— and, in many cases, inaction—at the FDA has a profound effect on our Na-tion’s patients. It also directly impacts our economy, as FDA-regulated prod-ucts account for about 25 cents of every dollar spent by American consumers each year. The importance of holding the agency accountable for its actions and inactions—all the way from front-line reviewers to the Commissioner— has never been more important. The former FDA Commissioner, Dr. Andy von Eschenbach, once wrote that government policy can either inhibit or accelerate the next revolution in science and technology. We must con-tinue to advance and see through poli-cies that spur, foster, and support the innovation and regulatory pathways necessary to realize cutting-edge treat-ments. Like the FDA Modernization Act in 1997, the bill before us today rep-resents a remarkable opportunity—the opportunity to embrace innovation for healthier Americans. The director of the Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Institute at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill summed it up well when he wrote to me and said that passage of this legislation will not only touch lives, it has the potential to save them. Therefore, it is my strong hope that the tools provided by this legisla-tion will be leveraged and the medical products our constituents are counting on accelerated. This will be good for America’s innovators, North Caro-linians, and our Nation. Mr. KAINE. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. W
ICKER ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, at 2 p.m., the Senate will move to a final passage vote on legislation we call 21st Century Cures. It has been called by the majority leader the most important piece of legislation the Con-gress is likely to act on this year. The House of Representatives added to the bill a Mental Health Reform Act—actually three separate bills that Senator MURPHY , Senator C ORNYN , and Senator C
ASSIDY worked on especially here, which is the most important re-form of many mental health programs in more than a decade. It is very im-portant to one out of five adult Ameri-cans who have a mental illness. It caused me to think this: This is Pearl Harbor Day. Pearl Harbor Day is a day when we remember the terrifying attacks on the American military that killed more than 2,000 and launched us into World War II. We also remember it as a day that began to create and de-fine what we now refer to as the ‘‘greatest generation’’—the generation distinguished by the men and women of that era, the era of Bob Dole, George H.W. Bush, and men and women now in their nineties and late eighties. They were defined by being willing to work hard on behalf of the entire country, put their differences aside and work for the greater good; to recognize that our diversity is important, but what is more important is the fact that we are all Americans. There have been some other times in our recent history when we have been reminded of that, and 9/11 is the most important of those. I remember how I felt after 9/11. I watched President George W. Bush speak, and I thought he spoke eloquently, as did Al Gore at that time, about the principles that unite us a country. Celebrating our diversity is a good thing. Celebrating our oneness is more important, and it is harder work. What we are doing today is a more modest— much more modest—example of the same sort of spirit. I do not want to suggest that passing a bill in Congress equals going to war or running into a burning building in New York City after it has been attacked, but it is the same spirit. I don’t have any apology for suggesting that. It is a spirit of fac-ing up to a big issue, a complex issue that affects lots of people, about which there are lots of legitimate differences, and working hard to resolve those dif-ferences so that we are not celebrating those differences, we are celebrating the fact that we came together and—as we did in the House of Representatives last week 392 to 26 and as we did on Monday in the Senate with 85 votes in favor of 21st Century Cures—we moved toward a solution that we all can sup-port. Sometimes we govern by Executive order in Washington, and Executive or-ders can be repealed by any new admin-istration. Sometimes we have partisan exercises, as we did with Obamacare 6 years ago, and we have been like the Hatfields and McCoys ever since, shoot-ing each other until we forget what we are arguing about. We actually remem-ber, but it makes it much more dif-ficult than to come together and get a consensus. Other examples are the civil rights bill of the 1960s, the Medicare bill, and the bill last December that President Obama called a Christmas miracle when we fixed No Child Left Behind and came forward with a piece of legis-lation about which there was a con-sensus not just to fix it but on how to fix it, a consensus supported by Gov-ernors as well as teachers unions, classroom teachers as well as school boards. On that bill, there will not be a movement in Congress to repeal it be-cause everybody voted for it. So those who are teaching in our classrooms in our 100,000 public schools and those who are working in State departments of education and the parents will know that for the foreseeable future, there is a consensus and stability about ele-mentary and secondary education. We hear every day that we have a fractured country, that we have so many differences of opinion, we can’t operate. Well, there is one institution in the country that is an institution that is capable of leading the country toward consensus on important issues, and it is the U.S. Senate. Sometimes we are able to do that. We were able to do it last year. As the President said— he called it a Christmas miracle. We fixed No Child Left Behind. We are able to do it today on mental health legisla-tion, which had to navigate its way through gun issues, funding issues, and a whole variety of other issues. We are doing it on 21st Century Cures, which, as I and the majority leader have said, is the most important piece of legisla-tion we will act on. It is pretty rare that we have legisla-tion that the President of the United States says is an opportunity we just can’t miss and the Vice President of the United States is telephoning Sen-ators before they go into their caucus meetings to urge them to support it. At the same time, the Speaker of the House, a Republican, is saying: This is part of my agenda for the future of our country. And the majority leader is saying it is the most important bill we will act on. It still wasn’t easy to pass because we are dealing with a lot of life-and- death issues: How rapidly can we move treatments and cures through the Food and Drug Administration and make sure they are still safe or how slowly can we do it and run up the cost so high that nobody can afford these treatments? How long can we take so that everybody is dead by the time the medicine is ready? We don’t want that to happen. Those were the issues we had. What kind of incentives can we give to drug companies so they can tackle rare diseases in children like the ones at St. Jude whom we see from Mis-sissippi, Tennessee, and across the country? They have rare cancers and other diseases. Nobody is making medi-cines for those diseases because there is no incentive in the marketplace for it, so we give some incentive in the marketplace for such things. Electronic medical records have been a real burden to doctors. We spent 30 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.025 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6793 December 7, 2016 
billion taxpayer dollars, and they were in a ditch. This legislation moves it out of the ditch. Francis Collins, the distinguished head of the National Institutes of Health, says that in the next 10 years, we will be able hopefully to prevent Alzheimer’s or to identify it before symptoms, an artificial pancreas for diabetes, a vaccine for HIV/AIDS, a vaccine for Zika and a universal vac-cine for flu, which killed 30,000 last year. According to the Mayo Clinic, re-generative medicine is a game chang-er—using our own stem cells to restore eyesight or to restore our damaged hearts. There are provisions in this leg-islation to move that ahead. There is $4.8 billion in funding for the National Institutes of Health. The bill includes the EUREKA Act, sponsored by the Senator from Mississippi, which is so important. The funding includes money for the President’s Precision Medicine Initiative, for the Vice President’s Can-cer Moonshot, and for the BRAIN Ini-tiative. There is an additional $500 mil-lion for the FDA and $1 billion for State grants over the next 2 years to fight opioid abuse. As the President says, this is an op-portunity we cannot miss. It is an op-portunity we cannot miss and we are not going to miss. We are going to have this bill down to the President very shortly, and he will have an oppor-tunity to be presented with another Christmas miracle. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD following my re-marks today’s editorial from the Wall Street Journal, which says: 
Cures is a stride toward a more rational and humane drug development system, and legislation is about compromise. The bill could become a useful precedent for success-ful progress as the 115th Congress starts to take shape next year. 
On Pearl Harbor Day when we cele-brate the ‘‘greatest generation’’ and the contributions they made by re-membering that while diversity is im-portant, our oneness is more impor-tant, this is a much more modest ex-ample but a very important one of the same spirit, one that affects virtually every family in America. I would like to extend my deep thanks and sincere appreciation to the dedicated staff who worked on the bill. We talk about that a lot here, but every one of us who is a Senator knows how crucial that is. We have worked for 2 years on the bill, numerous hear-ings, numerous discussions. It passed the House of Representatives twice. It came through our committee, the Sen-ate HELP Committee, in the form of 19 different bipartisan bills. Every one of those bills, by the time it passed, 2 was the largest number of recorded votes against each one of those 19 bills. The staff did a tremendous job on that. I want to especially thank David Cleary, who is my chief of staff, and Evan Schatz, Senator M
URRAY ’s chief on these issues, for the remarkable way they are able to work together with both Senator MURRAY ’s staff and my staff. On Senator M
URRAY ’s staff, John Righter, Nick Bath, Andi Fristedt, Wade Ackerman, Remy Brim, Colin Goldfinch, Madeleine Pannell, Julia Tierney, Kalah Auchincloss—I thank them very much for their passion for the issue and their willingness to work toward a result. On our staff, in addition to David, I thank Mary-Sumpter Lapinski, Lindsey Seidman, and Grace Stuntz, who did an enormous amount of work, as did Laura Pence. I thank Brett Meeks, Kara Townsend, Melissa Pfaff, Liz Wroe, Margaret Coulter, Curtis Vann, Kathryn Bell, Andrew Burnett, Bobby McMillin, Lowell Schiller, Jim Jeffries, Liz Wolgemuth, Margaret At-kinson, Taylor Haulsee, Alicia Hennie, and Jamie Garden. We have had an unusual opportunity in this to work across the aisle with Chairman U
PTON , Representative P AL-
LONE , Representative D EGETTE , and others in the House of Representatives and their staffs. I want to especially thank Speaker R
YAN and Senator M
CCONNELL . Speaker R YANdid a triple somersault to try to find a funding mechanism that would satisfy both Democrats and Republicans, and Sen-ator M
CCONNELL made time on the floor for it. Not everyone is satisfied with the funding mechanism, but we are all voting for it because this is such an important bill. On Chairman U
PTON ’s staff, I would like to thank Gary Andres, Paul Edattel, John Stone, Carly McWilliams, Adrianna Simonelli, Katie Novaria, James Paluskiewicz, Josh Trent, and Clay Alspach. On Ranking Member P
ALLONE ’s staff, I would like to thank Tiffany Guarascio, Kimberlee Trzeciak, Megan Velez, Waverly Gordon, and Arielle Woronoff. I would like to thank the hard-work-ing staff of our Senate HELP Com-mittee members, who played important roles in reaching this agreement, in-cluding Liz Schwartz with Senator E
NZI, Anna Abram and Angela Wiles with Senator B
URR, Jordan Bartolomeo with Senator I
SAKSON , Natalie Burkhalter with Senator P
AUL, Olivia Kurtz and Amanda Lincoln with Sen-ator C
OLLINS , Chelsea Holt with Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI , Cade Clurman and Andrew Vogt with Senator K
IRK, Claire Brandewie with Senator S
COTT, Mat-thew Richardson and Stuart Portman with Senator H
ATCH , Emily Mueller with Senator R
OBERTS , Robb Walton and Brenda Destro with Senator C
AS-
SIDY, Jean Doyle with Senator M IKUL-
SKI, Sophie Kasimow with Senator S
ANDERS , Sarah Mabry with Senator C
ASEY , Beth Wickler with Senator F
RANKEN , Rohini Kosoglu with Senator B
ENNET , Jennifer DeAngelis with Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE , Kathleen Laird with Senator B
ALDWIN , and Joe Dunn with Senator M
URPHY , and Beth Pearson with Senator W
ARREN . From the Senate Finance Com-mittee, I would like to thank Kim Brandt, Jennifer Kuskowski, Erin Dempsey, Brett Baker, Chris Campbell, and Jay Khosla. I would also like to thank much of the hard-working staff from the White House and Department of Health and Human Services who provided great help in getting this bill completed. From the White House, I would like to thank Chief of Staff Denis McDonough and Kate Mevis. From the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, I would like to thank Secretary Sylvia Burwell, NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins, Dr. Kathy Hudson, FDA Commissioner Dr. Robert Califf, Dr. Janet Woodcock, Dr. Jeffrey Shuren, Dr. Karen Desalvo, Acting SAMHSA Administrator Kana Enomoto, Sara Singleton, Jill Adleburg, Dayle Cristinzio, Jennifer Tomasello, Rachel Stauffer, Maren McBride, Karson Mahler, Lauren Hig-gins, Adrienne Hallett, Laura Berkson, Ned Culhane, Patricia Brandt- Hansberger, Dena Morris, Miranda Katsoyannis, Brian Payne, Brian Alt-man, and Peggie Rice. We always rely on the experts at the Congressional Research Service to give us good information in a timely man-ner, so I extend my thanks to Andrew Nolan, Maeve Carey, and Wendy Ginsberg. The Senate and House legislative counsel staff worked long hours on the many drafts of this bill, so I would like to extend my thanks to Bill Baird, Jes-sica Shapiro, Kim Tamber, Katie Grendon, Warren Burke, and Margaret Bomba. From the Congressional Budget Of-fice, I would like to thank Chad Chirico, Holly Harvey, and Ellen Werble. On Senator MCCONNELL ’s staff, I would like to thank Scott Raab. On Speaker R
YAN’s staff, I would like to thank Matt Hoffman. Finally, I would like to thank all the patients, doctors, researchers, innovators, thought leaders, and ex-perts who dedicated time and expertise to helping us come up with this legisla-tion. I see my colleague, the Senator from Washington, on the floor. I once again thank her for her strong leadership in helping create the environment where 21st Century Cures and the mental health legislation can succeed. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Dec. 6, 2016] C
ONGRESS ’SCURES BREAKTHROUGH  Medicine moves faster than government, thank goodness, but every now and again government tries to catch up. After years of thoughtful bipartisan work, Congress is now poised to pass the 21st Century Cures Act, a bill designed to accelerate the development of new medicines and modernize a malfunc-tioning corner of the regulatory state. The sweeping measure cleared a Senate procedural vote 85–13 on Monday night and passed the House 392–96. These margins are testimony to renewed self-confidence in U.S. innovation and health-care progress, not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.038 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6794 December 7, 2016 
much expressed in Washington until re-cently. A few dead-enders like Bernie Sand-ers and Elizabeth Warren are denouncing Cures for its lack of pharmaceutical price controls, which might have become a reality had Hillary Clinton won on Nov. 8. Cures includes a $4.8 billion infusion for the National Institutes of Health for basic research. The bill funds the NIH’s neuro-logical program on diseases like Alzheimer’s, Joe Biden’s ‘‘cancer moonshot’’ and rare dis-eases, while one encouraging earmark is for ‘‘high risk, high reward’’ studies that might not be financed by the private economy. By the way, these new dollars are roughly offset with budget cuts elsewhere, which ex-poses the liberal claims of crisis if every pro-gram doesn’t last forever. Congress is sup-posed to set priorities. Perhaps the most promising component of Cures is a new regulatory model for Food and Drug Administration approvals. The FDA remains fused to an outdated clinical model that is too slow, costly and arbitrary. The FDA was not designed to govern an era of genomics, biomarkers, systems biology, artificial intelligence and other advances, not that its own inadequacy has prevented it from trying. Thus Cures encourages the FDA to supple-ment classical randomized clinical trials with more information, such as adaptive trial designs that target patient sub-groups who are more likely to benefit. This would allow research to succeed or fail faster at some fraction of the current expense. The agency is also ordered to consider ‘‘real- world evidence’’ in approvals outside of trials. What the FDA calls ‘‘RWE’’ is controver-sial because the agency is preoccupied with ‘‘proving’’ how a medicine will perform. But modern trials are so tightly controlled that the results are often artificial, or irrelevant to how a medicine will be used and refined in actual medical practice. In any case, debates about drug approval are never about ‘‘proof,’’ but how to interpret evidence of benefits and risks. The main limitation of Cures is that the problems at FDA aren’t due to a shortage of laws. They flow from the agency’s institu-tional culture of control, delay and abuse of regulatory discretion. Cures requires the FDA merely ‘‘to evaluate the use of real- world evidence,’’ and this wouldn’t be the first political instruction that the bureauc-racy has defied. Still, Cures is a stride toward a more ra-tional and humane drug development sys-tem, and legislation is about compromise. The bill could become a useful precedent for successful progress as the 115th Congress starts to take shape next year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all of our colleagues in the House and the Senate who worked so hard to make this bill the best it could be for the patients and families we serve. In particular, I want to express my appreciation to Vice President B
IDEN for his leadership, vision, and de-termination. I especially want to thank the chairman of the HELP Com-mittee, Senator A
LEXANDER , for his work and his leadership on this bill, as well as Energy and Commerce Chair-man F
RED UPTON , Ranking Member F
RANK PALLONE , and Congresswoman D
IANA DEGETTE . I would like to reiterate my grati-tude to our staff on both sides of the aisle who put in very long hours and weekends and more to get this legisla-tion finished. As a result of a lot of strong bipar-tisan work, we are now sending a bill to the President’s desk that will invest in tackling our hardest-to-treat dis-eases, put real dollars behind the fight against the opioid epidemic, and make badly needed changes to mental health care in our country. I am particularly thankful for the strong bipartisan work of Senator MURPHY and Senator C
ASSIDY , as well as Congressman M UR-
PHY. I am confident that I am not alone in saying that I have heard from so many people in my home State about each and every one of these challenges. There are patients and families waiting and hoping for new cures and treat-ments, people from every walk of life who make clear that the opioid epi-demic has cost too many lives and torn too many families apart, and families who have struggled to get loved ones the mental health care they need, and our broken mental health care system got in their way, rather than helping. I listened to these stories in my home State of Washington. I brought them back and told them here on the Senate floor, and now I am very proud to be taking bipartisan steps to help give patients, families, and commu-nities the relief they need in response to some of the biggest challenges in health care of our time. Thank you again to all of the Sen-ators who worked on this and all of our colleagues in the House for this bipar-tisan effort. I want to thank the Congressional staff from both Houses and both parties who worked so hard over the last 2 years on this legislation. From my staff, Wade Ackerman, Kalah Auchincloss, Nick Bath, Jane Bigham, Remy Brim, Andi Fristedt, Colin Goldfinch, Megan Howard, Mad-eleine Pannell, Melanie Rainer, Julie Tierney, Elizabeth Wagner, Eli Zupnick, Helen Hare, Evan Schatz, John Righter, Aravind Sreenath, Nat-alie Kirilichin, and Kate Blizinsky. From Chairman A
LEXANDER ’s staff David Cleary, Margaret Coulter, MarySumpter Lapinski, Brett Meeks, Laura Pence, Melissa Pfaff, Kara Townshend, Curtis Vann, Lindsey Seidman and Elizabeth Wroe. From Representative P
ALLONE ’s staff, Eric Flamm, Waverley Gordon, Tiffany Guarascio, Rachel Pryor, Kim Trzeciak, Arielle Woronoff, and Megan Velez. From Chairman U
PTON ’s staff, Paul Edattel, Adrianna Simonelli, John Stone, Carly McWilliams, JP Paluskiewicz, Adam Buckalew, Jay Gulshen and Josh Trent. Thank you to the staff from all our committee Democrats who worked so hard on the package: from Senator M
URPHY ’s staff, David Bonine and Joe Dunn; from Senator W
HITEHOUSE ’s staff, Jen DeAngelis and Anna Esten; from Senator B
ALDWIN ’s staff, Kathleen Laird and Jasmine Badreddine; from Senator CASEY ’s staff, Sara Mabry and Doug Hartman; from Senator F
RANKEN ’s staff, Beth Wilder and Ra-chel Cumberbatch; from Senator B
EN-
NET’s staff, Rohini Kosoglu and Rina Shah; from Senator M
IKULSKI ’s staff, Jean Doyle, Jessica McNiece, and Amanda Shelton; from Leader R
EID’s staff, Kate Leone and McKenzie Ben-net; from Senator S
CHUMER ’s staff, Veronica Duron; from Leader P
ELOSI ’s office, Wendell Primus; from Rep-resentative H
OYER ’s office, Charlene MacDonald. Thank you to the tireless staff of the Senate legislative counsel: Kim Tamber, Bill Baird, and Katie Grendon; and Holly Harvey, Ellen Werble and Julia Christensen of the Congressional Budget Office. At the White House, let me thank Amy Rosebaum, Jeanne Lambrew, Car-ole Johnson, and Kate Mevis. Each of the agency heads played a crucial role in pushing this bill forward: Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Mathews Burwell, National Institutes of Health Director Dr. Francis Collins, Food and Drug Administration Com-missioner Dr. Robert Califf, Principal Deputy Administrator for the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Serv-ices Administration Kana Enomoto, and National Coordinator for Health Information Technology Dr. Vindell Washington and his predecessor Dr. Karen DeSalvo. The staff of each of these agencies did invaluable work over a long period of time: Andrea Palm, Jim Esquea, Sara Singleton, Jer-emy Sharp, Dayle Cristinzio, Rachel Sher, Sara Walinsky, Adrienne Hallett, Laura Berkson, Lauren Higgins, Alex Khalife, Rachel Stauffer, Maren McBride, Steven Posnack, Karson Mahler, Tom Coderre, Brian Altman, Brian Payne, Peggie Rice, and Jon White. I thank Senator A
LEXANDER , who has worked diligently across the aisle to get this done. My sincere thanks to you today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Senator from Washington knows how much I appreciate her leadership and enjoy working with her, and I think we all respect the fact that she enjoys get-ting results that help the American people. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT  
NO. 5117 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I move to table the motion to concur with the amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to table. The motion was agreed to. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 34. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.006 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6795 December 7, 2016 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 94, nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 157 Leg.] YEAS—94 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—5 
Lee Merkley Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cotton 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the con-ference report to accompany S. 2943, Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Mitch McConnell, Deb Fischer, Thom Tillis, Daniel Coats, James M. Inhofe, John Hoeven, Cory Gardner, Orrin G. Hatch, Mark Kirk, Tom Cotton, John Cornyn, Lindsey Graham, Mike Rounds, Lisa Murkowski, Dan Sul-livan, John McCain. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the conference report accompanying S. 2943, an origi-nal bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. COTTON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 92, nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 158 Leg.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—7 
Gillibrand Lee Markey Merkley Paul Sanders Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cotton 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 92, the nays are 7. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—CONFERENCE REPORT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the conference report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Conference report to accompany S. 2943, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The VICE PRESIDENT. Without ob-jection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following Senators who wish to speak in honor of the Presiding Officer be recognized in the following order for up to 4 minutes each: me, the majority leader Senator M
CCONNELL , the minority leader Sen-ator R
EID, Senator S CHUMER , Senator H
ATCH , Senator L EAHY , Senator M
CCAIN, Senator D URBIN , Senator I SAK-
SON, Senator M URRAY , Senator F EIN-
STEIN , Senator C OLLINS , Senator M I-
KULSKI , and Senator C ARPER . The VICE PRESIDENT. The Demo-cratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the Senator from Delaware amend his request so that Senator M
CCONNELL and I will use our leader time. That will not count against his hour. The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there ob-jection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Delaware. 
TRIBUTES TO VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President—and it does bring me some joy to call you Mr. President. I am honored to be here today with so many of our colleagues, and I am grateful to Majority Leader M
CCONNELL and Leader R EIDfor their enthusiasm in pulling together this bi-partisan tribute. I am honored to be joined by my senior Senator from Dela-ware, T
OMCARPER , who will make clos-ing remarks this afternoon. Before I begin, I would like to remind my colleagues that there will be a re-ception for the Vice President in the Mansfield Room, after we conclude here, beginning sometime after 4. We have many Senators who wish to speak so we will move quickly through the order. I encourage my colleagues to submit their remarks for the R
ECORD , those who are not able to speak in the next hour. Their remarks will be com-bined with all the other remarks given on the floor, and the resulting speeches printed, bound, and presented to the Presiding Officer. Mr. President, in a place known these days for some disagreements, my col-leagues—our colleagues, Republicans, Democrats, and Independents—are all here today because we agree on one powerful and simple thing: our deep gratitude for the difference you have made in your decades in public service. The greatest honor of my life is to serve in the seat that you held for 36 years—and not just literally this seat in the Senate but also a seat on the 7:15 Amtrak train down from Wilmington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.041 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6796 December 7, 2016 
every morning. You logged over 2 mil-lion miles on Amtrak and millions more traveling around the world fight-ing for our country, and as long as I have the privilege of representing our State in the Senate, I will be humbled by the challenge of living up to your legacy of fighting for and making a real difference for the people of our shared home. Like so many Americans, I have long been inspired by your loyalty to your family, and I am so glad to see so many familiar faces in the Gallery today. This job requires a strong partner and teammate, and to Dr. Biden, Jill, your unwavering support for your family, for Delaware, and your country is something for which we are all deeply grateful. As a son of Delaware, and of Cath-erine Eugenia and Joe Senior, you have never forgotten from where you came or for whom you are fighting. Even as Vice President, our fellow Delawareans have the blessing of a surprise visit week in and week out, to see you at the Columbus Day breakfast or Return Day or St. Anthony’s Procession. Whether meeting personally with world leaders you have known for dec-ades, whether chairing the Judiciary or Foreign Relations Committees or just stopping by a Claymont diner, there is universal agreement about what you have brought to this work—your pas-sion, your heart, your character, and your integrity. That is because you genuinely listen to people, you ask them questions, and then you lift them up. We know that when you give us your word as a B
IDEN, you mean it, and you will keep it. Your service as a Senator stands as a model for all of our colleagues and for me. Through challenging times, you al-ways worked across the aisle, through eight Presidents. You were willing to reach across to anyone willing to roll up their sleeves and get to work for the American people. So many families across Delaware and this country and I, myself, as we have struggled with loss—maybe the loss of a job or loss of hope or the im-pending loss of a loved one—have expe-rienced the incredible personal comfort and power of a call from you. When it comes to providing advice and inspira-tion that touches our hearts and makes a real difference, no one—no one—is better than you. We know you will share our challenges, you will give us meaningful comfort and encourage us, and you will fight for us. As we look ahead to next year and beyond, I know you and Jill have so much more great and good work to do, starting with the fight to cure cancer through the Cancer Moonshot. This next chapter will be every bit as excit-ing and meaningful as the life of serv-ice you have led for 44 years. What an honor to see you in that chair earlier this week as the majority leader led the Senate in a unanimous vote to re-name a title of the 21st Century Cures cancer initiative after Beau. That bill, which we passed finally just an hour ago, would not have happened without your leadership. Now, let me close with a line you know all too well, a line you shared countless times in this Chamber, some-times from this very desk. As the Irish poet Seamus Heaney once wrote, ‘‘His-tory says, don’t hope on this side of the grave. But then, once in a lifetime, the longed-for tidal wave of justice can rise up, and hope and history rhyme.’’ No one, sir, no one has done more to make hope and history rhyme than you. Thank you, Mr. President, for your service, your counsel, your ad-vice, your friendship, and your leader-ship. It is now my pleasure to yield to the majority leader, Senator MCCONNELL of Kentucky, who has been so generous with floor time and support this after-noon. The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is great to see the Presiding Officer back in the Senate. It is good news for ev-eryone he is in the chair. Good news for him because, as Senator C
OONS said, the rest of us have to call him ‘‘Mr. President.’’ Good news for the rest of us because he has to let everyone else talk. The amazing thing is, the man we honor today wasn’t always a talker. He suffered from a debilitating stutter for most of his childhood. He was teased for it, but he was determined to over-come it, and so he did—with hard work, with determination, with the support of his family. It is classic J
OEBIDEN. He has never stopped talking since. He cites overcoming that stutter as one of the most important lessons in his life. It led him down a path few might have foreseen: winning election to the county council, securing an im-probable victory for the U.S. Senate, becoming our Nation’s 47th Vice Presi-dent. Now, the Presiding Officer would be the first to tell you that he has been blessed in many ways. He has also been tested, knocked down, pushed to the edge of what anyone could be expected to bear, but from the grip of unknow-able despair came a new man—a better man: stronger and more compas-sionate, grateful for every moment, ap-preciative of what really matters. Here in the Senate he heeded the ad-vice of Mike Mansfield. Here is what Senator Mansfield had to say: 
Your job here is to find the good things in your colleagues. And, Joe, never attack an-other man’s motive, because you don’t know his motive. 
Look for the good. Don’t attack mo-tives. It is the basis of a simple philos-ophy and a very powerful one. Vice President B
IDEN says he views his competitors as competitors, not en-emies, and he has been able to cul-tivate many unlikely friendships across the aisle—with Jesse Helms, with Strom Thurmond, with me. Over the years, we have worked to-gether on issues of mutual interest, like Burma—and regarding the vote we just took a few moments ago—21st Cen-tury Cures, and the Cancer Moonshot. We have also negotiated in good faith when the country needed bipartisan leadership. We got results that would not have been possible without a nego-tiating partner like JOEBIDEN. Obvi-ously, I don’t always agree with him, but I do trust him implicitly. He doesn’t break his word. He doesn’t waste time telling me why I am wrong. He gets down to brass tacks, and he keeps in sight the stakes. There is a reason ‘‘Get J
OEon the phone’’ is shorthand for ‘‘time to get serious’’ in my office. The Vice President is a likeable guy too. He has a well-developed sense of humor. He doesn’t take himself too se-riously either. When The Onion ran a mock photo of him washing a Trans- Am in the White House driveway, shirtless, Americans embraced it, and so did he. ‘‘I think it’s hilarious,’’ he said, but ‘‘by the way, I have a Cor-vette—’67 Corvette—not a Trans-Am.’’ So you see what I mean. J
OEBIDEN may exist in the popular imagination aboard an Amtrak, but this son of a used car salesman will al-ways be a muscle guy at heart. And what a road he has traveled, from New Castle to the Naval Observ-atory, from Scranton to the Senate. His journey in this body began by the side of those who loved him; hand on the Bible, heart in a knot, swearing the same oath he now administers to oth-ers. It is a journey that ends now by the side of those who care about him still—those like his wife Jill, who un-derstands the full life he has lived. Here is a man who has known great joy, who has been read his last rites, and who has never lost himself along the way. ‘‘Champ,’’ his father used to say, ‘‘the measure of a man is not how often he is knocked down, but how quickly he gets up.’’ That is J
OEBIDEN right there—unbowed, unbroken, and unable to stop talking. It is my privilege to convey the Sen-ate’s warm wishes to the Vice Presi-dent on this Delaware Day as the next steps of his long journey come into view. There are many here who feel this way in both parties. I am reminded of something the Pre-siding Officer said when he addressed the University of Louisville several years ago. It was one of the McConnell Center’s most popular lectures ever. And as I sat beside him, he offered his theory as to why that might be: I think you’re all here today—remember, these are young people, students. He said: I think you are all here today because ‘‘you want to see whether or not a Re-publican and Democrat really like each other,’’ he said. ‘‘Well,’’ he continued, flashing a smile, ‘‘I’m here to tell you we do.’’ It was true then, and it is true today. I hope the Presiding Officer won’t mind if I conclude with some words di-rected to the Chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.047 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6797 December 7, 2016 
Mr. President, you have been a real friend, you have been a trusted part-ner, and it has been an honor to serve with you. We are all going to miss you. Godspeed. The VICE PRESIDENT. The minor-ity leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, to everyone listening, J
OEBIDEN’s life has been the material of which movies are made. J
OEwas born in Scranton, PA, to Joe and Jean Biden, the first of four chil-dren. As a young man, as we have heard about today—once in a while, though not very often, Senator B
IDEN talks about his stammering. He didn’t get any professional help, no therapy. He did it on his own, long hours of reading, mostly poetry. He would stand in front of a mirror and recite poetry time after time after time, watching himself to make sure he didn’t contort his face when he stammered or stut-tered. This wasn’t easy for a young man. People made fun of him, but he knew he could do it on his own. He felt that, and he did it. He worked hard. He developed a rhythm and a cadence of speaking that helped him overcome his stammer to become one of the United States Senate’s all-time great orators, without any qualification. J
OEwas an outstanding high school running back and wide receiver. His coach said he had never seen anyone with such hands. His coach saw in J
OE what we all see, a hard worker who re-fuses to fail. His coach said: 
Joe was a skinny kid. But he was one of the best pass receivers I had in 16 years as a coach. 
In college, J OEcontinued to display his athletic prowess, playing football for the University of Delaware. This is quite a story. During spring break, his junior year—J
OEand I were traveling from Indianapolis to Reno, NV, and he talked to me about this, just the two of us. I will never forget that conversation. He and one of his college buddies had gotten a tax re-turn, and they were going to take a lit-tle vacation away from the cold of Delaware. They went to Florida. Frankly, they didn’t like it. They had a few dollars left over from their tax returns, and I believe they went to the Bahamas. They got an inexpensive hotel. I was going to say ‘‘cheap,’’ but I will say ‘‘inexpensive’’ hotel. Right next to them was an exclusive hotel, and they noticed when the peo-ple came out of the fancy hotel off that private beach, many times they would lay their towels on the fence. J
OEand his pal said: Well, those towels aren’t even wet. They went down to that pri-vate beach, and it was there that he met a young woman by the name of Neilia, Neilia Hunter. I am sure that, just like Jill, she must have been a knockout to look at. She went to the University of Syracuse. She was on the dean’s list. She had been homecoming queen. That was the beginning of the rela-tionship that they had. J
OEhad been smitten. After graduating from the University of Delaware, he enrolled in law school in Syracuse to be closer to her. The story of his and Neilia’s relation-ship is stunning. I repeat, it was some-thing that movies are made of. Without being too personal, I will say it the way it is because it is a wonderful story, and I can identify with it so well because of Landra and me. There came a time when her father came to her and said: You know, he is not that much. He comes from a family that is not like ours. And she said: Dad, stop. If you make me choose between you and JOE, I am going to choose J
OE. So that was that relationship. I re-peat, Landra and I understand that story quite well. They were married a short time later. They had three chil-dren, Beau, Hunter, and Naomi. After starting his law practice and serving as city councilman in New Cas-tle, DE, J
OEstunned and embarrassed a few of his friends and relatives by say-ing he was going to run for the Senate. You will run for the Senate against a two-term incumbent, Caleb Boggs? I think I can do it. I am sure he said to himself: A lot of people said I couldn’t overcome certain things, and I did, and I am going to do my best to overcome this race I am in. I am starting way behind. J
OEand his family went at this as hard as they could. They canvassed the entire State. They pulled off an incred-ible upset. J
OEBiden was elected to the U.S. Senate. In every respect, J
OE’s life has been unique. It has been special. His election to the Senate was no dif-ferent. The great Constitution that leads this Nation stipulates that the person must be 30 years old to be elected to the Senate. J
OEwas 29 on election day. He turned 30 2 weeks after the election. Just a few weeks later, tragedy struck and struck really hard. Neilia and their three children were in a terrible car ac-cident just days before Christmas. He had not been sworn in as a Senator yet. His wife was killed, their baby girl was killed, and Beau and Hunter were grievously injured—hospitalized, of course. To say J
OEwas grief-stricken is an understatement. How can you de-scribe how he felt? I am sure, as I have heard, he didn’t know what to do. He had two boys to raise. He wasn’t a man of great means. He strongly considered: I shouldn’t be sworn in to the Senate; I can’t do this. He had friends, people who didn’t know him who were Senators, who treated him as fathers. Without the help of Valerie, his sister, J
OEBIDEN’s life may have been completely dif-ferent because with the support he got from her, the encouragement he got from Democratic and Republican Sen-ators, and the fact that she moved in, took care of Beau and Hunter to re-place their mom—she was there for 4 years helping with those boys. J
OEis a remarkable man. When I was in the House of Representatives, he agreed to come to the house in Nevada for me. It was a big deal to get this senior Senator to come to Nevada. He came. Every place he traveled, he had one of his boys with him. With the support of his sister and other members of his family, JOEem-barked on a long, storied, 36-year ca-reer that was productive and unsur-passed in the history of the Senate. That was not the end of J
OE’s dif-ficulties. J
OEis, as you can see now, a very well-conditioned man. He always has been. As a Senator, he suffered a massive bleed on the brain, and he was hospitalized for a long time. He didn’t come to the Senate for a long time. When I got hurt, one of the first people to call me was J
OE. He said: Look, the fact you are going to be missing a little time in the Senate doesn’t mean you can’t be a good Senator. That was the example that J
OEBIDEN set. He recovered, and he became chair-man of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, the Foreign Relations chair, author of many pieces of legislation— Violence Against Women—too numer-ous to mention. In a love story unsurpassed, he also met a woman who has been by his side for 40 years, Jill Biden. It is an incred-ible love story. J
OEsays it was love at first sight. It was the same for his boys. J
OEremembers the day that Beau and Hunter came to him with the rec-ommendation: ‘‘Daddy, we were talk-ing and we think we should marry Jill,’’ not he should marry Jill. ‘‘We should marry Jill,’’ a direct quote. J
OEand Jill were married, and before long, Beau and Hunter had a new sis-ter, Ashley, and a new mom. There is not a family that I know of who is any closer, more tight-knit than the Bidens. J
OEBIDEN loves his family above all else. He is a good Senator, a terrific Vice President, but he is a fam-ily man. For the last 8 years as Vice Presi-dent, he has traveled the world, meet-ing with dignitaries in trouble spots on behalf of this country, oftentimes at the direction of President Obama. He has done it with dignity—more than a million miles. As we have heard from the junior Senator from Delaware, that pales in comparison to the miles he has trav-eled on Amtrak. He has traveled more than 2 million miles on Amtrak. He took the train home every night to Delaware. If we worked late, he would go to a hotel here. If it had been nec-essary, he would have gone more than 2 million miles to take care of his boys and to be with Jill. Vice President B
IDEN’s time serving at President Obama’s side has been his-toric. He has been the President’s rock, his confidant, and his friend. I have been told that not by J
OEBIDEN but by the President. J
OEhas had a stellar ca-reer as Vice President of our great country. He has used his skills and his experience to help shape American di-plomacy. Vice President B
IDEN is helping lead the quest for a cure for cancer. His 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.048 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6798 December 7, 2016 
Moonshot initiative is the most ambi-tious plan ever to accelerate cancer re-search. I say, through the Chair, to my friend L
AMAR ALEXANDER , that this would not have happened but for the good man from Tennessee. We know that J
OEand Jill know firsthand the pain and heartache caused by cancer and the toll it takes on families. Tragically, just last year, Beau was diagnosed with terminal can-cer, which took his life. He was some-body I knew well. He was an Iraq vet-eran. He didn’t have to go to Iraq, but he did. He was attorney general of the State of Delaware. Beau was a light to everyone who knew him but especially to his family. Beau’s passing broke J
OE’s, Hunter’s, and Jill’s hearts and, of course, their sister’s. As with all the other heart-breaking challenges and setbacks, J
OE B
IDEN continues his life’s work. He is still the same kid that his coach praised. His No. 1 asset is that he works hard; he does the best he can. J
OEBIDEN continues to serve his country, and he will continue after January 20. He continues to do what is right. And above all, he continues to love and take care of his family. I have been gratified to call Senator B
IDEN a man of the Senate, Senator B
IDEN, Vice President B IDEN, JOE. He is an awe-inspiring man, so Steven Spielberg, Hollywood, you should be listening. J
OEBIDEN’s life is that which movies are made of. I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, it is such a pleasure and honor to rise to recognize a great son of Scranton—sit-ting next to me, another son of Scran-ton—a grandson of Ireland—sitting in this Chamber are many grandchildren of Ireland—and a Syracuse University graduate. How many others in the room can say that? More importantly than any of those, he is one of the most dedicated public servants, one of the most successful public servants I have ever had the pleasure to serve with during my time in Washington. Everyone knows J
OEis proud of his ancestry. His ancestors came from Ire-land, as many millions have. He is deeply proud of being an Irish-Amer-ican. Like so many others from the Emerald Isle, our Vice President inher-ited the gift of gab, and thank God for that because he has used his booming voice to speak out on so many issues. We have only a little time today. I know my colleagues are eager to speak, so I will just focus on one of the issues that Senator B
IDEN led the charge on and changed America. I worked with him on the Assault Weapons Ban and the Brady law when he was a Senator and I was Congressman and we were each head of the crime committees. But maybe the thing he was proudest of was the Violence Against Women Act. It sounds like a different world, but a few years ago, a few decades ago, rape and domestic violence and abuse were considered in many ways lesser crimes—crimes in which the victim was as much at fault as the perpe-trator. It was disgraceful. If you were beaten, abused, sexually assaulted, you faced a hostile, skeptical criminal jus-tice system. That got at JOEBIDEN and his sense of justice, so he exploded the myths behind domestic violence. I remember hearing the speeches against sexual abuse and put together the strongest ever violence against women law on the books. Not only did the law make women safer; it made men better. It moved our society for-ward. Our work on these issues is not near-ly over, but I am certain there are lit-erally millions of women who have avoided pain and suffering—both phys-ical and mental—because of the cour-age, the steadfastness, and the legisla-tive brilliance of the then-senior Sen-ator from the great State of Delaware. I could go on and on and almost write a book on accomplishments like that where J
OE almost singlehandedly changed the world. He was also a great friend and leader to so many of us. I will conclude with one little story. I was elected to the Senate after 18 years in the House, and an issue I wanted to get going on was college af-fordability. I had run for the Senate on the promise of making college tuition tax deductible. So I get to the Senate, introduce my bill, make my speech, and get ready to lead the way on what I thought was my issue. We have all ex-perienced this. A call comes into my office from J
OE’s chief of staff. Of course I spoke to him. ‘‘Mr. Biden has been working on this issue for 10 years. Go work on something else.’’ That was the nice version. Naturally, me and my brandnew office were in a panic. I was chastened. I didn’t know what to do. I am sitting on the floor and feeling real-ly forlorn. Why did I even come here? I was a senior Member of the House. I feel an arm on my shoulder, and I look up. There is the revered and exalted Senator J
OEBIDEN. He says to me: I understand you have your college tui-tion tax deduction bill. Go ahead, take the issue. I know what it is like for new Senators to carve their own path. How many times can any freshman say any senior Senator has said that to them? They can’t because he is unique. Not only is he a towering figure and su-perb man, but he has a good heart and looks out for the Members of this body. He always has, does to this day, and al-ways will because I know in J
OE’s heart, with all of his accomplishments, he is still a Senator—our Senator. Mr. President, I say to Mr. Vice President, thank you. Thank you for your heart and passion, thank you for bringing every ounce of yourself to public service, and thank you for that lesson of humility and leadership you taught me when I first came to this Chamber. I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, it is an honor for me to rise and talk about our friendship and what you have done for this country. I rise today to pay tribute to a dedi-cated public servant, distinguished leader, and dear friend, Vice President JOEBIDEN. For more than three decades, I had the distinct privilege of serving along-side J
OEin the U.S. Senate. As anyone who worked closely with J
OEcan tell you, he was no ordinary Senator. He had boundless energy and undeniable charm. He paired an unmatched work ethic with a disarming smile that dared you not to smile back. J
OE’s in-nate ability to befriend anyone—and I mean anyone, including his fiercest po-litical opponents—was critical to his success as a legislator. His genuine sin-cerity endeared him to all, and his gre-gariousness transcended partisan boundaries. Even in the most polarizing debates, J
OEnever let politics stand in the way of friendship. One minute J
OEcould be scolding you from the Senate floor, and the next minute he could be hugging you in the hallway, cracking jokes and asking about your grandkids. I am, of course, speaking from plenty of per-sonal experience. It is no secret that J
OEand I often found ourselves on op-posite sides of almost every major issue—that is not quite true. We agreed on a lot of things. In countless legisla-tive battles, J
OEproved himself to be a worthy political opponent and an able sparring partner. Whether on the Sen-ate floor or in the Judiciary Com-mittee hearing room, J
OEand I locked horns on a number of occasions, some-times on a daily basis. Indeed, we were at odds about as often as we were on C– SPAN. At the end of the day, I couldn’t help but admire the man. You see, J
OE B
IDEN was beloved by everyone in this Chamber, even those he drove crazy from time to time, and I count myself among that group. Through his ability to forge friendship even amid conflict, he embodies the ethos of a noble gen-eration of legislators—a generation that embraced the virtues of comity and compromise above all else. I be-lieve this body—indeed, this Nation— could learn from J
OE’s example of kindness, courtesy, and compassion. For 17 years, then-Senator B
IDEN served as chairman and ranking mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee, over-seeing some of the most significant court appointments of our time. Chairing the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee is no easy task. I know because I have been there. The committee boasts some of the biggest egos on this side of the Potomac—or this side of the Milky Way, for that matter. It takes a certain kind of political genius to navi-gate the assertive personalties and lofty ambitions of its members, but J
OEwas more than up to the task. As both chairman and ranking member, he was tough and tenacious but also de-cent and fair. Through his trademark 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.050 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6799 December 7, 2016 
work ethic, he won the respect of every member of that committee. J
OEalso served admirably as the chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee. In this capacity, he played an indispensable role in shaping American foreign pol-icy. When President Obama tapped J
OE to be his Vice President, the Senate lost a seasoned statesman, but our Na-tion gained a wise and capable leader with unparalleled experience in public affairs. J
OEwas the administration’s bridge to Congress, often serving as an inter-mediary between the President and leg-islators. On more than one occasion, his close relationship with lawmakers and his deft negotiating skills helped our Nation to overcome some of its greatest obstacles. He was the Presi-dent’s trusted emissary and an invalu-able asset in helping Congress resolve the fiscal cliff dilemma in late 2012— something I wasn’t sure we could re-solve. He was also a brilliant ambas-sador for our country, leveraging his foreign policy expertise in meetings with leaders across the world. I am deeply grateful for my friend J
OEBIDEN. I have long admired his de-votion to his family, as well as his grace amid suffering, and he did suffer, and I know it. I was here. Having expe-rienced tremendous loss in his family life, he draws from a rich reservoir of empathy to connect with everyday Americans. Ask anyone Vice President B
IDEN has served: When you speak, J OE listens. He loves, and he cares. He is perhaps the most personable public fig-ure in American politics today. In the nearly 8 years he has served as Vice President, J
OEBIDEN has become a fixture of American public life. Today, I wish to join my colleagues in thanking Vice President J
OEBIDEN for his dedication to the American people. Although his tenure as Vice President is drawing to a close, I am confident that his service to our Nation will only continue. This is said by a Republican who loves J
OEBIDEN and believes he is one of the truly great people who served here in this body. I just want J
OEBIDEN to know that we all respect him, and I think most all of us love him. Those of us who have worked with him really appreciated how he would from time to time put his arm around us, put politics aside, and speak the truth. J
OEBIDEN is a wonderful man. I wish him the absolute best as we go into the future, and I will be there to help if he needs it. God bless J
OEBIDEN. I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I enjoy calling you by that title. I hope you do, too—because you know that you could easily hold that title as President of this body or President of the United States—you have shown your qualifica-tions for either one. But let me speak about your role as President of the Senate. It makes you a Member of this body, a body that can be, and on some occasions has been, the conscience of the Nation. You have served longer in this body than any other member here. The fact is you came here 2 years before I did, so as the other longest serving member, I look at you as my senior Senator, and I am delighted to be your junior. I think back to some of the things we did together, Mr. President. I remem-ber when I was running for the Senate in Vermont in 1974, and people told me I was far too young to get elected to the Senate at 34 years old. My prede-cessor was somebody who had been elected here when I was born and served there until I arrived. You put your arm around me and you said, it would be nice to have an older person that I could look up to. I believe you were 32, and I was 34. But that helped. Of course, little did I know until I came here how closely we would work together. We served on the Judiciary Committee throughout that time. We worked on such duties as Supreme Court nominations, civil rights, and the criminal justice system. Then, when you were chairman of the For-eign Relations Committee, and bring-ing the rest of the world American val-ues—which happened to be JOEBIDEN values—how I enjoyed traveling with you. I think of the time, Mr. President, when you and I, and our wives, Jill and Marcelle traveled together. We had been good friends throughout all of that time. I will take the liberty of telling one story. When the four of us were in Paris, we had gone out to din-ner. It was a cold, winter night. We were coming back. I think Marcelle mentioned that the Eiffel Tower lights up on the hour. You and Jill stood on a bench and were hugging each other, the Eiffel Tower behind you. I snapped a picture. Now, we had a close friend-ship. We never lied to each other, but that was one time I lied to you because you asked me, ‘‘Where is the picture?’’ I said, I think I lost it. I apologize. We were conspiring to print out that pic-ture, and I know your wonderful wife gave it to you for a wedding anniver-sary present with words to the effect that you ‘‘light up her life.’’ Well, you lit up many, many lives. I think of our Irish bond of friendship, stories I can’t tell. Some of those closed-door sessions with other Irish- Americans, such as Pat Moynihan, Chris Dodd, and Ted Kennedy, when we would have some holy water together. Somehow it came from Ireland. It was usually at least 12 years old. And we would tell Irish stories. And after 42 years here, I know the rules well enough, I can’t repeat any of those sto-ries here. But they were good ones be-cause it was a friendship and we worked together. We learned how to bring in others from both parties. And, Mr. President, I remember you and others showing all of us how to find common ground, and we did things together. And I respect you so much for that. I must admit, I learned some-thing else on the Judiciary Committee. I learned the Amtrak schedule because, if we had a meeting that was going on a little bit long, we were reminded what time the train was going to Dela-ware. I know you kept in good shape because you could run to the station in 3 minutes and get on the train, where you would go home to Beau and Hunter and, later, Jill and Ashley—because even though you were a leader in the United States Senate, and later Vice President, you were, first and fore-most, a father and a husband. You and I and Marcelle talked about that this summer, when you came to Vermont for the Cancer Moonshot. I told you what an important part of our lives you have been. You have gone through tragedy and glory, but you have remained yourself throughout all of it. And the memories of those evenings when you let this Irish-Italian boy come in and sit as a member of the Irish—we would speak of our values, we would speak of America, we would speak of friendship. That is why I ad-mire you, Mr. President, and I am glad to be here on the floor with you. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I join my colleagues today in addressing a few thoughts directly to the occupant of the chair, to commend his long and honorable service to the United States and to thank him for his friendship. Mr. President—I know how much you enjoy my calling you Mr. President— you and I have served together in this body for three decades. We have been friends for almost 40 years, since I was the Navy Senate liaison and used to carry your bags on overseas trips. I joked recently that I resented it ever since. But that was part of my job description—escorting and handling lo-gistics for Senate codels, including making certain everyone’s luggage ar-rived at our destinations. Back then, some Senators, unlike the 100 egali-tarians who occupy the Senate today, could be a little haughty and high- handed. A few held an exalted opinion of themselves that exceeded the esteem with which their colleagues and con-stituents held them in. If they paid any attention to staff, it was only because we had annoyed them somehow. But not my friend J
OEBIDEN—he was fair and courteous to everyone, even people who did not always deserve it. He is always an example of how a pow-erful person with character and class treats anyone in a subordinate posi-tion. He treats them with humility, as God’s children, with dignity equal to his own. In the book ‘‘The Nightingale’s Song,’’ the late journalist Bob Timberg wrote about one military liaison offi-cer, escorting a codel to Athens, who joined some of the Members in a tavern for a little after-hours merriment and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.052 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6800 December 7, 2016 
was later observed dancing on a table-top with Senator B
IDEN’s lovely wife, Jill. I don’t recall witnessing such an event myself, and I can’t testify to it having actually happened. Neither can I imagine the temerity of that rascal, whoever he was. He was lucky the Sen-ator whose spouse he made endure awkward moves he euphemistically called ‘‘dancing’’ was J
OEBIDEN. Few other Senators would have seen the humor in it. Many years have passed since we shared those adventures, and many events have transpired, personal and public, that enriched our lives with the rewards and disappointments, blessings and challenges. We were still young when we came to the Senate. We are old men now. Although you can’t tell from looking at us, the Vice President is actually a little younger than me, though we both passed the Biblical threescore and ten. This place, the Senate, has been cen-tral to both of our lives. Here we work together on our country’s challenges. Here we fought and argued over the country’s direction. Here we com-promised and joined forces to serve the public interest. Here we watched his-tory made and made our small con-tributions to it. Neither of us is the shy and retiring type. We both have been known to hold a strong opinion or two. When circumstances warrant, we would rather make our points emphatically then elliptically. I know that J
OEap-preciates the adage that I have tried to follow in my public life: a fight not joined is a fight not enjoyed. When we have had differences of opinions over the years, we have man-aged to make our positions crystal clear to each other, perhaps in the per-sistent triumph of hope over experi-ence. We both still cling to the expec-tation that we can persuade the other that he is mistaken. I think deep down we probably know better. In addition to being regularly mis-taken, here is what I have also known about my friend and occasionally spar-ring partner. He is a good and decent man, God-fearing and kind, a devoted father and husband, a genuine patriot who puts our country before himself. I know, too, that it has been a great privilege to call him my friend. Mr. President, if I haven’t made clear to you over these many years how much I appreciated your friendship and have admired you, I beg your forgive-ness. We both have been privileged to know Members of this body who were legends in their own time and are re-membered as important historical fig-ures. But I haven’t known one who was a better man than you. You are an ex-emplary public servant, a credit to your family, to the Senate, and to the country. On behalf of the country and the Sen-ate, thank you for your lifetime service to America. Thank you for your exam-ple of how to represent your constitu-ents with honor and humility and how to remain the same good guy that you were when you first got here. Thank you, most of all, for your friendship. My life and the lives of many have been enriched by it. Thank you, Mr. President. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, there is a story about an Irishman walking down the street. He passes two guys who are fighting. He asks them: Is this a private fight or can anybody get into it? Well, you know a little bit about that; don’t you, Mr. Vice President? For 40 years or more, you have always been ready to fight for those who need-ed a champion and never walked away from a good fight for a good cause. Your public career has been marked by so many amazing victories but also by unbearable losses and sorrows. You have had joys and passions, determina-tions and immense accomplishments. The list of your legislative achieve-ments has been recounted on the floor today. One of them I am sure you are most proud of is the Violence Against Women Act. You made a big difference in the lives of so many people whom you will never meet, in protecting them and giving them hope in a hope-less circumstance. Between 1993, when your bill was passed, and 2010, the rate of violence against intimate partners—almost all women—declined by 67 percent in the United States. We often wonder here, when bills we take to law are passed and signed by the President, whether they can make a difference. We know that your unsparing effort when it came to violence against women made a significant difference. I had that in mind 9 years ago when I was riding around Florida in a rec-reational vehicle. It was with my fel-low Senator from Illinois by the name of Barack Obama. He was running for President, and we were in the back of this RV as he was cruising through Florida. We were talking about poten-tial running mates, someone who could be his Vice President. We went through a short list. We came to your name, and I said to the soon-to-be President, then Senator and my colleague: You couldn’t pick a bet-ter choice than J
OEBIDEN. I know him as a person. I know him as a fellow Senator. I know his heart. You would be blessed to have him on your team. He made that choice, even though at the beginning, I am sure both of you wondered: Is this going to work? It did. It did for your purpose and for his and for America’s. I am reminded of that famous poet Seamus Heaney. He wrote: 
History says, Don’t hope On this side of the grave, But then, once in a lifetime The longed-for tidal wave Justice can rise up, And hope and history rhyme. 
Obama-Biden—hope and history cer-tainly did rhyme. The things that you have been able to achieve with this President have made a difference in America to millions of lives. Whether we are talking about coming out of a recession where we were losing 800,000 jobs a month, making sure that Wall Street didn’t make the same mistakes again at the expense of businesses and families across America, or making sure that some father did not face the heartbreak of a sick child with no health insurance. You made a dif-ference in their lives. Just this week, there is the Cancer Moonshot. Who knows, Mr. Vice Presi-dent, what will happen as a result of that investment in your son’s name. But I sense that something good is going to happen for a lot of people around this country. I am glad that the BIDEN name is closely associated with it. Mr. President, there is an old story— a joke—about the Pope. The story goes that the day came when he said to his driver: You know, I haven’t had a chance to drive the car in a long time. Why don’t you sit in the back and I’ll drive. The story goes that the Pope started driving the car and started speeding and got pulled over. This policeman looked inside the car, then looked out again, and looked back and said: Ex-cuse me. He got on his cell phone and he called the police station. He said: I have an extraordinary circumstance here. I have just pulled over a car with someone very important in it. They said: Well, who is it? He said: I don’t know who he is, but he has the Pope for a driver. The reason I remember that story is that one time I was on Air Force Two with Vice President J
OEBIDEN. We flew you home to Delaware. I was going to catch an Amtrak train at Wilmington, and I asked you to drop me off. You said: No, I’m going to take you up to the train. So we get up to the train, and the train is pulling in the station. You look at what I have for a ticket and you said: That ticket is not good. You need a real ticket. I will get it for you. You grabbed it and took off running, with the Secret Service trailing behind you as the train pulled into the sta-tion. I am thinking: Am I going to make this train? Is he going to make it back? You came running up the steps with the Secret Service trailing behind you while the train was stopped. All of these passengers were looking as the Vice President of the United States ran up to me, handed me a ticket, and said: Go ahead and get on the train. Now, the people on the train had no idea who I was, but they knew if the Vice President was carrying my ticket, I must be somebody important. Let me say one personal word. You and your wife Jill really embody what I consider to be the best of public life— not only your commitment to people who are less fortunate around the world but your genuine sense of caring and your good heart, both of you. I re-call when my colleague Marty Russo of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.054 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6801 December 7, 2016 
Illinois had a son who was sick with cancer. There was one person who called every day to make sure that he was doing well. Well, that is the way you not only build a friendship but you build a rep-utation as not just a glad-handing poli-tician but someone who really, really cares. I have been honored to count you as a friend. I am honored that the President whom I love chose you as his Vice President. I am honored that we have served in the Senate together and that I can tell my kids and grandkids. I wish you the best whatever life brings you next. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I rise to pay tribute to a person who has had a tremendous impact on my life and my career in the Senate and also a tre-mendous impact on my country, the United States of America. I still re-member to this day the date and time M
ITCH MCCONNELL called me in 2007 and said: Hey, we have an opening for a Republican on Foreign Relations and nobody will take it. Will you take it? I did not know if that was a benefit— a perk or whoever—but I said: Anytime you are offered a gift, don’t look a gift horse in the face. So I did it. Two days later, J
OEBIDEN saw me at the committee and said: I am glad you joined our committee. I am glad to have you. I have an opening on the Af-rica Subcommittee. I can’t get a Re-publican to take it. Will you do it? I said: Mr. B
IDEN, I have never been to Africa. He said: Well, you will soon. How about taking it? I did. I have been to Africa 12 times since. It has become a passion in my career, and I give Vice President B
IDEN a lot of credit for the influence he had on that. I also remember the day when the mock swearing-in took place down on the second floor, and I had my nine grandchildren here to watch me being sworn into the Senate. At the mock signing ceremony, J
OE stood there, and we all raised our hand, and we repeated the ceremony that we had done on the floor. Then J
OEgreet-ed each one of my grandchildren one by one as they walked by. When little Jack, who was then 7 years old, stopped, J
OEBIDEN said: Jack, what do you like about the Capitol? Jack said: Well, Mr. Vice President, there is no Lego store. J
OEBIDEN said: The next time you come here, there will be one. I want to tell the Vice President that he is coming on January 2 to see me sworn in again. I have already bought the Lego box. It is on the desk in my hideaway, and I am going to tell him that Vice President J
OEmade sure he had Legos when he came back to the Capitol. You know the real character of a man and the real credit to a man is what influence he has on children. I can tell you from that story, it is just one of many that J
OEBIDEN has had. On me, personally, I will never forget the day J
OEBIDEN called me as Vice President of the United States and said: JOHNNY , I have got the mayor of Baltimore and the mayor of Philadel-phia going with me to Panama City next week to look at the deepening of the Panama Canal. I know Savannah’s port is important to you. I know you have been fighting with us to get the authorization you need to deepen the Port of Savannah. How about flying with me down there and let’s take a look at it and let’s do a press con-ference together. And I did and he did and we did, and today the Port of Sa-vannah is being deepened to 47 feet. Panamax ships will be sailing through it in 4 more years. I am convinced it would not have happened at the level of the administration had it not been for J
OEBIDEN, the Vice President of the United States but more importantly my friend. J
OE, I don’t have the words to ade-quately tell you how much I appreciate you as a person and as a leader, but there is a little poem I know that says more about what you really are than anything I could say. 
I’d rather see a sermon Than hear one any day; I’d rather one should walk with me Than merely tell the way. The eye’s a better pupil And more willing than the ear, Fine counsel is confusing But example’s always clear; And the best of all preachers Are the men who live their creeds, For to see good put in action Is what everybody needs. I soon can learn to do it If you’ll let me see it done; I can watch your hands in action, But your tongue too fast may run. And the lecture you deliver May be very wise and true, But I’d rather get my lessons By observing what you do; For I might misunderstand you And the high advice you give, But there’s no misunderstanding How you act and how you live. 
JOE, you have lived the life of a pa-triot and you act like a gentleman. You are my friend, and may God bless you and your family and thank you for your service to the country and your friendship to me. I yield back. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President—and it is a pleasure to say that. Some may know him as ‘‘the guy in the aviators’’ deboarding Air Force Two or the man in the 1967 Corvette in the viral Inter-net video, gleeful, as he had the rare opportunity to drive himself around in his favorite car. Mr. President, it is so clear that the American public has embraced this grinning, approachable, unstoppable life force known as Vice President J
OE B
IDEN, but little do many Americans know of the heart of our Vice Presi-dent. They have caught glimpses of it in 1972, when his wife and daughter were killed in a terrible car accident and his two sons severely injured. It is hard to imagine that kind of devasta-tion, and JOEpicked himself up and was sworn in to his first term in the U.S. Senate from his son’s hospital room. Maybe they saw it last year when J
OE’s son Beau, following in his fa-ther’s footsteps to be an extraordinary public servant and, more importantly, a wonderful father, lost a long and hard-fought battle with cancer. I know as a mother and grandmother myself that I will never understand what J
OE went through. Mr. President, again, J
OEpicked himself up and continued to serve our country as a strong, dedicated Vice President in the midst of a raucous election season when Americans need-ed him the most. J
OEBIDEN’s commit-ment to his family, his struggles, and his service encompass what it means to be not just Vice President and a bril-liant husband and father but an Amer-ican. J
OEgrew up in a middle-class family who worked hard for everything they had. He was just 29 years old when he ran for a seat in the United States Sen-ate. Mr. President, you might have been young, but you already saw what di-vided people in Delaware. He also knew that people across the State also held the same hopes for themselves and their families, and he believed he could work through those disparities. In an upset victory, he won a seat in the Senate in November of 1972. Since his swearing in, J
OEhas worked every day on behalf of families in Delaware and for the entire country, especially the last 8 years. When J
OElost his son to cancer, he launched a Moonshot for this genera-tion to end cancer as we know it today. He is now working on behalf of every family whoever lost a loved one to can-cer to push forward on medical innova-tions and discoveries. I am so proud J
OE’s Moonshot is included in the final Cures bill we just voted on this after-noon and even more so that the Senate renamed the provisions to support can-cer research in that bill to honor Beau in calling it the Beau Biden Cancer Moonshot. We will now use those in-vestments to fight to cure cancer so we can look forward to a world where no family has to go through what the Bidens did and the devastation that millions of other Americans have expe-rienced after being touched by cancer. Mr. President, back when I was serv-ing with the Presiding Officer, J
OE, my friend, in the Senate in 1994, I had the pleasure of working with him to pass the Violence Against Women Act, VAWA, as we know it. It was a land-mark piece of legislation that changed the way our country responded to do-mestic violence and sexual assault. J
OE has come out as a strong advocate for ending violence against women through his campaign, ‘‘1is2Many,’’ spreading awareness and working to help reduce dating violence and sexual assaults among students, teens, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.055 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6802 December 7, 2016 
young adults. And his ‘‘It’s On Us’’ campaign has been a wake-up call to the epidemic of campus sexual assaults across the country. Women are safer today in America than they were 20 years ago due in part to J
OE’s fearless leadership on these issues that affect too many in our Nation. Despite everything he has been through or maybe because of every-thing he has been through, he gets back up and he fights on and he fights on behalf of every family in our coun-try, and that is heart. That is heart, the way he always wants to make peo-ple happy, no matter what the cir-cumstance. Last time he was in Seattle, he brought a little stuffed animal—a little dog—to give to my granddaughter. Now, she is very shy, but the second he smiled and handed her that little dog, she became his best friend ever, and she keeps it by her side, J
OE. That is why he is going to be missed, by his colleagues and by the entire country, because of his humanity. That is the J
OEBIDEN I know and I want everyone else to know that too. It has been an honor to call J
OEa fel-low Senator, Mr. Vice President, but mostly a great friend. I want to thank J
OEfor what he has taught me and all of our colleagues through his service and thank him for his extraordinary and inspiring leader-ship throughout his life in the best of times and in the worst. J
OE—and his aviators—will be sorely missed. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. In 1974, a freshman Senator from Delaware named J
OEBIDEN was identi-fied as one of Time magazine’s ‘‘200 Faces for the Future.’’ That prescient prediction anticipated the more than four decades of contributions and ac-complishments that followed. J
OE B
IDEN served six terms in the U.S. Sen-ate and became Vice President of the United States, but he is exactly the same person today as he was when more than 40 years ago he took that first train trip from Wilmington to Washington to be sworn in as a United States Senator. He is everybody’s friend—but nobody’s fool. And while J
OEBIDEN changed Washington, Wash-ington never changed him. It is an article of faith among those of us who know and love J
OEBIDEN that nothing is more important to him than family. It is, therefore, a cruel irony that this good and decent man has faced so many family tragedies during his long and fruitful career in public service. Although he has been sorely tested by several wrenching losses, Vice President B
IDEN’s irrepressible spirit has never been broken. He is as opti-mistic about his country today as he was in 1972, when as a county council-man he defeated a long-serving Senate incumbent and began the journey that ultimately led him to the second high-est office in the land. With his Cancer Moonshot Initiative, JOEBIDEN once again has turned personal tragedy into a public cause that undoubtedly will save lives. To know J
OEBIDEN is to admire him, his warmth, his devotion to friends and family, his commitment to all things Delaware, and his fierce loyalty to his party that somehow never alienated those of us on the other side of the aisle. Perhaps that is due to the many thoughtful gestures the Vice President demonstrates every day. How well I remember bringing my younger brother to the White House holiday party one year and running into the Vice President just as he was leaving after a long day of work. He in-stantly stopped and asked if we would like for him to give us a personal tour of the West Wing of the White House. For the next 45 minutes, instead of being driven home, the Vice President of the United States took my brother and me on the best tour of the White House that anyone could ever have. I still remember the shocked look on the face of the marine at the situation room when we arrived there. Another wonderful memory that I have was of the time J
OEBIDEN and I were named Irish Americans of the Year by the American Ireland Fund. I thought it was so telling that both of us brought our family members to the celebratory dinner, and both of us talked about our Irish mothers. Now, I do remember that J
OE’s speech was considerably better than mine, but mine was much, much shorter. In a time of almost suffocating par-tisanship, J
OEBIDEN is a breath of bi-partisan fresh air. People may disagree with J
OEon 1 or 2 or even 10 issues, but nobody finds him disagreeable. It is often said that if you don’t love J
OE B
IDEN, it is time for some serious introspection. You may have a serious problem. No one can say with certainty what lies ahead for Vice President J
OE B
IDEN, but this much is certain: He will face the future with unbridled enthu-siasm, extraordinary energy, and an unwavering commitment to his family, his friends, and his country. I thank the Vice President for his outstanding service to our country, but most of all I thank him for his extraor-dinary friendship to me. I wish the Vice President and his wonderful fam-ily all the best. Thank you, Mr. President. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Thank you very much, Mr. President and Vice Presi-dent. Well, Mr. President, we all take pleasure in calling you that. Mr. Vice President, Senator, foreign policy guru, the Senator who was tough on crime but a soft touch when it came to compelling human need, a longtime colleague, but most of all, I know you as my friend J
OE. My friend J OE. It is not only that I know you as my friend JOE, the people of Delaware know you as ‘‘my friend Joe.’’ The fact is, your colleagues, both present and past, here feel the same way about you and so do the American people. You have a unique ability to make a visceral connection to people. You ac-tually connect to them, not only on the abstraction of big ideas, of which you were more than capable, but I think your connection was hand to hand, heart to heart. I think when you talk with people, that is why you have this visceral connection. Sure, you can debate the great ideas, whether it is national security or eco-nomic growth, but it is that heart con-nection you are able to make that I think has been one of your great, great signatures. We in Maryland know you as a neigh-bor, the Delmarva gang from Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia. We also know you as ‘‘Amtrak Joe.’’ I think that is so fitting because not only have you been a champion of Amtrak and ridden the train so faithfully—which has now become the stories of fact and fiction— but also Amtrak J
OEis right because, really, in the way you have lived your life, conducted yourself in public serv-ice, you have kept America on track and going in the right direction be-cause you knew what your destinations were. I salute you for that. You have done a great job in everything you have undertaken. I know you because while others just go for the pomp and they love the pol-icy—if I hear one more ‘‘I’m going to dive deep in policy,’’ I am going to shake my head. I am like you. I believe that we do need policies that help people, keep our Nation strong and safe, help our people be able to help themselves, and make sure there is an opportunity structure here. But we are here to be champions of the people. That is what you have been, a champion of the people, and you have been a steady friend. When I arrived in the Senate, I was the only Democratic woman. I have often said that, though I was all by myself, I was never alone. I was sur-rounded by the good men in the Sen-ate, and particularly the Democrats reached out their hands and helped me. Of course, my very good friend Paul Sarbanes, who is here today, was my senior Senator when I came and was my colleague and my champion, but you were right up at the top of the list too. I call the men who were so incred-ibly helpful to me, Galahads. You help me in every way you can. In my time in the Senate, when I reached out to you, you were always there. When I reached out to fight for women to be included in the NIH proto-cols, you were there to help me. When I reached out to fight against the skimpy and spartan money for breast cancer research, you were there to help me. When we organized the women of the Senate, the Democratic women, to fight then-Bush on the privatizing of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.056 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6803 December 7, 2016 
Social Security, when we said we shouldn’t rely on the bull of political promises while we fear the bear mar-ket, you joined right there with us, side by side, shoulder to shoulder. Whether it was equal pay for equal work or so many issues, you were al-ways there when we called upon you. You were always such tremendous help. I was also there to try to help you. I remember a day in the mid-1990s when I got a call from you. Maybe you re-member that, but I remember it. You said you really wanted to stop violence against women. You knew of my social work background, my advocacy for what was then called battered women. You said: Can you help me kind of go over this legislation to make sure that the money goes to people who will help those women and not to people who just want to get grants? So we worked together. We talked about the need for shelters. We talked about the reform of police, courts, and so on. Then you came up with that fab-ulous, fabulous idea to have a hotline. So it didn’t matter whether you lived in Delaware or in Des Moines or in San Diego, there was always help on the other side of that line. I was so happy to work with you and to support you as you led that battle through—as only a good man could—to stand for women who were being bat-tered in their own homes and facing danger. Lately I checked on the statistics on that hotline. J
OEBIDEN, since that hot-line legislation passed, over 1.5 million have called that hotline. Many of them were in lethal danger—lethal danger. Because of you, J
OEBIDEN, there are thousands, if not tens of thousands, of women and children alive today be-cause you had the foresight and the fortitude to create this legislation. That in and of itself would have been enough for a career. But, oh, you did so many other things. Now we know you are advocating the national Cancer Moonshot, but you have been a champion on finding the cure for cancer for a long time, wheth-er it was for women with breast cancer or others. I am so pleased that in that cloture vote we are going to include $352 million for that. So on issue after issue, we were there. I know you have been a great leader, but I also know that behind great men there are also very terrific women. I think we owe a salute to Jill. She is a wonderful woman, a leader in her own right, with a belief in higher education, a belief in working at the community college level so people who had big dreams in their hearts but not a lot of money in their pockets could be able to go on to college. What a champion she has been there and also what a cham-pion for our veterans and for our wounded warriors. Wow, she is just ter-rific. I know she has been at your side. There are so many stories I could tell, but I want to wrap up with one. I met your mother. She was spunky. She was feisty. She was a delight. If there is anything spunkier, feistier, or more delightful than an Irish mother, it is a Polish mother. I wish you could have met mine. Those two would have been kindred spirits. Do you remember when the Pope came to Baltimore? The Pope was com-ing to Baltimore, and I told my mother I wanted to greet the Pope in Polish. My mother’s response was: Oh, my God. I grew up in a family that before World War II was bilingual. I was bilin-gual as a child, but during World War II we stopped speaking all foreign lan-guage, so my pronunciation is really awkward. My mother made me practice Polish words, how to say hello to the Pope and how to say goodbye to the Pope. You and I were at the Baltimore- Washington airport. There goes the Pope in his popemobile. He is heading up, he is getting on ‘‘Shepherd Two,’’ and you are saying goodbye: Goodbye Your Holiness. I say: No, say it in Polish. You have a large Polish community. I taught you how to say one simple phrase, ‘‘sto lat.’’ In the tongue of my ethnic heritage, when you say ‘‘sto lat’’ to someone, you say may they live 100 years. So, JOE, sto lat. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the presence in the Chamber of five former Senators—Senators Bayh, Harkin, Kaufman, Salazar, and Sarbanes—and to thank many Senators who have asked that their comments be placed in the R
ECORD . Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD , given the lateness of the hour, the lengthy and moving remarks that former Senator and now Secretary of State Kerry has provided. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SECRETARY OF STATE JOHN KERRY  
STATEMENT ON JOE BIDEN  
DECEMBER 7 , 2016 Mr. President: Almost four years ago this winter, after almost 29 years serving in the Senate from Massachusetts, and after five times the people of Massachusetts voted to send me to Washington—my Senate col-leagues were kind enough to vote to send me away, but not far away, just up the street to the State Department. So, as a prodigal United States Senator, I am especially grateful to Senator Coons for the privilege to share some thoughts about my colleague of a quarter century in the Senate, and my colleague of the last four years in the Obama Administration—the Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden. That Senator Coons—who sits in the Senate seat which Joe held for almost thirty seven years—organized this remarkable trib-ute says something about Delaware—a small state where politics is personal, where cour-tesy is still the currency—but it says much more about the kind of friend and mentor Joe has been to Chris, and to so many of us who have known the Vice President. It is, simply, the right thing to do—but the kind of thing that doesn’t happen enough these days in Washington, in politics, or in the in-stitution which Joe reveres, the U.S. Senate. I first heard the name ‘‘Joe Biden’’ about 38 years ago. 1972—The first year Joe and I ran for national office. We shared a set of friends and political teammates in progres-sive politics, friends Joe and I have shared to this day—and they shuttled between Wil-mington, Delaware and Lowell, Massachu-setts, trying to help both us to victory. In that improbable year, I lost and Joe won— and weeks later tragedy intervened and changed the trajectory of Joe’s life not as a Senator, but as a father and a person. I won’t forget reading his words back then: ‘‘Dela-ware can find another Senator, but my boys can’t find another father.’’ We are all grate-ful that Joe was persuaded not to give up on public service, but to be sworn in, and to rely—as the Bidens do in their remarkable way—on the closeness of family—of Val and Jimmy in particular—to help him be both a remarkable father and a remarkable public servant. Twelve years as Joe was elected, I finally arrived in Washington—a junior Senator, second to last in seniority—and one of the first people to pull me aside and offer him-self up not as a generational rival, but as a slightly older big brother ready to show me the ropes was the then, senior Senator from Delaware—two years older than me, Senator Joe Biden. I loved serving with Joe—and I don’t just mean we served contemporaneously; we were friends and partners in so many efforts—en-vironment, civil rights, the empowerment of women, foreign policy—and always—always with Joe Biden, whether you agreed or dis-agreed with him, no matter where you were from in the country or where you stood ideo-logically, you knew exactly what you could expect: a person of conviction, a person of character, a person who studied the issues and never cut corners—and a Senator in the best tradition whose word was his bond. For Joe, that’s a quality that’s deeply per-sonal. The Vice President lives by a very old- fashioned code of loyalty: You always tell the truth, you never forget where you came from, and your word is your bond. And I can’t tell you how many times in the Senate when I was listening to Joe negotiate or we were working on something he would say, ‘‘I give you my word as a Biden.’’And you knew you had a very special commitment that would not be broken. That never changed when he became Vice President. That code also guided his approach as a legislator—not just in how he worked with his colleagues, but to how he approached the issues. I’d been a prosecutor back in the days when some people still argued that violence against women wasn’t crime—but it was Joe Biden who was far, far ahead of the curve in the Senate—throughout the 1980’s and 1990’s—beating the drum on the Judiciary Committee to pass a Violence Against Women Act because there was no crime com-parable, as he saw it, in robbing a human being of two things to which everyone is en-titled, two words Joe talks about often: dig-nity and respect. That is why he was so outspoken about the horrors happening in Bosnia and Kosovo— thousands of miles from our shores—and why as one of those most powerful voices on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee he stood up to Slobodan Milosevic, looked him in the eye, and called him a war criminal. That’s Joe Biden—on issues of moral clarity, you know exactly where he stands. It is no surprise to me then that long before he served in Iraq, his beloved son Beau volun-teered to go to Kosovo and do legal work helping victims find justice, helping victims 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.069 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6804 December 7, 2016 
reclaim dignity through the judicial system. For the Bidens, this was an article of faith. Over the years, I had the privilege of trav-eling with Joe overseas—often with Chuck Hagel and Lindsey Graham. I saw firsthand that when Senator Biden traveled overseas, it wasn’t government tourism, whether the Administration was Democratic or Repub-lican, Joe always traveled with a construc-tive purpose in mind: To learn first-hand about foreign leaders and other perspec-tives—to forge relationships—and to advance America’s cause. In long flights and long meetings headed into places like Afghani-stan and Pakistan, again and again I saw someone who leads by listening, who leads by learning, and who speaks with convic-tion—wherever the place, whatever the lan-guage. Joe’s leadership as Vice President has been a terrific asset on domestic issues, and his fluency in the ways of the Senate a special tool called upon at many key moments by Leaders McConnell and Reid. But as Sec-retary of State I’ve been particularly grate-ful for the role he has played on foreign pol-icy. Joe believes to his core that American diplomacy isn’t about admiring problems— it’s about solving them. When thousands of unaccompanied children showed up on our southwestern border, Joe Biden worked with Congress to provide funding to help Central America’s leaders make the difficult reforms and investments required to address the re-gion’s multifaceted challenges—because he knew the security and prosperity of Central America are inextricably linked with our own. As the conflict in Ukraine has pressed on, Joe has worked hard—not only to keep the Minsk deal in place, but to encourage and help the government of Ukraine take on corruption and make necessary economic re-forms that will help Ukraine flourish and thrive in the years to come. And again and again, in our breakfasts at the Naval Observ-atory and in phone calls from far flung places, he always encouraged me to keep pressing—to speak up and speak out, and to fight—even inside the Administration—for the policies I believed in, even when he didn’t agree. That’s Joe Biden. We still joke about a trip that we took with Chuck Hagel to Afghanistan back in 2008. We went up to a forward operating base up in Kunar province. And our helicopter, on the way back, got caught in a snow squall in the mountains. And our pilot found himself effectively snow blind, and suddenly we were banking and heading down and braced for an emergency landing on this snow-covered road high in the mountains near Bagram Airbase. And Joe Biden turned to Hagel and me and he offered an alternative. He said, ‘‘Maybe we could keep the helicopter aloft if the three of us just started to give a speech.’’ But laughter aside, on that frozen mountain-top, as we waited to be rescued, you learn the measure of a person. And throughout that time, what Joe kept coming back to was the gift of family, and the privilege of public service. America has known Vice President Biden in moments of great triumph and also on oc-casions of immeasurable pain. We revere the dignity with which he carries himself through all of it. We admire him. We love him. And above all, we thank him—a great Vice President, a ‘‘Senate man’’ still to the core, and someone I know I can call on and count on as a friend long after we both leave office on January 20th. Thank you, Sen-ator—Mr. Vice President—‘‘Joe’’—and I know you will carry on in contribution to the cause of country. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor J
OEBIDEN, the 47th Vice President of the United States. After I came to the Senate in 1992— known as ‘‘the Year of the Woman’’— then-Senator JOEBIDEN invited me to lunch at his office in the Russell Sen-ate Office Building. We sat at small table in his elegant office and discussed the importance of having a woman on the Judiciary Committee, of which he was chairman at the time. This was in the wake of the Anita Hill hearings, and there were no women on the committee. It was a real honor when J
OEBIDEN asked me to join. He then asked Senator Carol Moseley Braun to join, giving the committee two women for the first time. Serving on the committee with him, I noticed immediately that he had a commanding presence. As I watched him chair the committee, I was im-pressed by the passion he displayed while working to slow the drug trade, protect women from domestic violence, and help advocate for a ban on assault weapons. These were issues that I, along with millions of other Ameri-cans, felt strongly about, and we had a champion in J
OEBIDEN. During discussions about a proposed crime bill in 1993, I told J
OEI was working on an assault weapons ban. This was in the wake of a mass shoot-ing in San Francisco that shocked me. I told J
OEwe had at least 48 votes and I wanted to introduce it as an amend-ment to the crime bill. He laughed—a big raucous laugh—and said, ‘‘Well, you’re just a freshman. Wait till the gunners get to you.’’ He may have had his doubts, but he was a staunch supporter of the amend-ment, and with the help of President Clinton and C
HUCK SCHUMER in the House, we were able to secure bipar-tisan support and pass the amendment. It was a proud day for me when it was signed into law. J
OEwas right about the gunners, though. The gun lobby did come after us, and they continue to oppose com-monsense gun laws today. During that debate and in every fight since then, J
OE BIDEN has been staunch, impassioned, and a committed partner. That crime bill was a monumental piece of legislation. In addition to our assault weapons ban, it put 100,000 more cops on the street, protected chil-dren from dangerous predators and in-cluded a very important piece of legis-lation: the Violence Against Women Act. It has been two decades since J
OEin-troduced the Violence Against Women Act. In that time, domestic violence rates have decreased by 64 percent, conviction rates for abusers increased, and 3.4 million women and men have been helped by the National Domestic Violence Hotline. Beyond the numbers, J
OEchanged the debate around domestic violence with enactment of this bill. States and localities changed outdated laws. Vic-tims were given courage to speak out and seek help, and millions of women felt empowered knowing that in Amer-ica, they had the right to be free from violence and free from fear. JOE’s legacy as chair of the Judiciary is matched by his time leading the For-eign Relations Committee. From atop the committee, he was a forceful advo-cate for peace and stability around the world. He called for strategic arms lim-itations with the Soviet Union, helped secure peace in the Balkans, helped bring former Soviet bloc states into NATO, called for U.S. action to end the genocide in Darfur, and spoke out against failed policies in Iraq. He was also a critic of the CIA’s de-tention and interrogation program and backed our efforts to release the tor-ture report. During heated debate, J
OE made the argument simple and easy to understand: America will be stronger by saying the following: ‘‘This was a mistake, we should not have done what we’ve done and we will not do it again.’’ He was right, and our Nation is stronger for having the courage to admit that. J
OEBIDEN’s willingness to speak the truth is one of the many reasons Presi-dent Obama tapped him to be his run-ning mate. The President knew J
OE would discuss every issue with the same frank honesty—whether he was offering counsel in the Oval Office or chatting with someone on the train ride back home. President Obama relied on his Vice President to oversee the recovery after the worst economic recession since the Great Depression. He was tasked with implementing the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, the Ready to Work Initiative and to chair the Mid-dle Class Task Force. J
OEBIDEN was the perfect choice for the job. He is the product of his Catho-lic faith and the values instilled in him growing up in Scranton. Those same values that he carried throughout his career in Delaware and into the Vice Presidency. He is a tough individual who has faced adversity that would knock a lesser man down; yet through it all, J
OEnever wavered from his commit-ment to serving others. To those of us who have had the pleasure of working with him and to millions of Americans, J
OEBIDEN is a good and honest man who simply wants to make the world a better place. After 44 years in this Chamber, the last 8 as the President of the Senate, J
OEcan leave knowing he has accom-plished just that. The world is a better place thanks to you, and it is grateful for your service, J
OEBIDEN. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, for more than 30 years, Vice President J
OE B
IDEN has held a big place in my heart. Through thick and thin, he trusted me to be his partner in so many fights, and I will be forever grateful to him. J
OEfirst impressed me after he took a stand against the Reagan administra-tion’s support of South Africa when it was still in the depths of apartheid. So when he asked me to help organize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.026 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6805 December 7, 2016 
women for his 1988 Presidential cam-paign, I was all in. While that race wasn’t meant to be, I fell in love with J
OE’s vision of ‘‘re-claiming the idea of America as a com-munity’’ and his beautiful, persistent optimism and hope—qualities we all still love him for today. I cherished our time serving in Con-gress together, and I was so honored that he asked me to carry the Violence against Women Act in the House. J
OE was determined to put the spotlight on this quiet epidemic—and he has been doing just that ever since. I took 5 years, but President Bill Clinton finally signed VAWA into law in 1994. It was one of J
OE’s many monu-mental achievements. By then, I had won election to the U.S. Senate where J
OEplayed a major role in one of my own biggest personal accomplishments: the Dolphin-Safe tuna label law. Well, if I am being hon-est, it was his then 8-year-old daugh-ter, Ashley, who got him involved. Schoolchildren across the country were boycotting their tuna fish sand-wiches after learning that dolphins could be killed as tuna was caught, and Ashley was begging her father to take action. I was so proud that J
OEchose to partner with me on a bill that required companies that sell dolphin-safe tuna to prove that dolphins were not hurt in the fishing process. Like any good fa-ther, J
OEwanted to show Ashley that he would come through for her—and he did. Our bill became law in 1992, and it is estimated that it saves tens of thou-sands of dolphins every year. J
OEalso served as an extraordinary chairman on the Foreign Relations Committee, where I am a member. He was gracious and respectful, listening to every viewpoint, but he also wasn’t afraid to speak up and take charge. I thought he was very courageous to point out a better way to solve the civil war in Iraq, and I was so proud to stand with him. For all of these reasons, and so many more, it is no surprise that President Barack Obama chose J
OEBIDEN to serve as his Vice President. And it is no surprise that J
OEwill go down as one of the most effective Vice Presidents in history because of his warm, open relationship with President Obama. They have spent a great deal of time together, exchanging thoughts and ideas, and J
OEwas one of the key advisors who influenced President Obama as he successfully confronted horrific challenges, such as: two wars; the worst recession since the Great De-pression; and rising violence in our communities. Who could ever forget J
OEBIDEN’s immense respect and gratitude for our men and women in uniform and their families and his determined fight to bring them home safely? Who could ever forget how he shep-herded the Recovery Act through Con-gress—a near impossible feat in this polarized political climate? Who could ever forget his long his-tory of fighting for community polic-ing and to strengthen the bonds be-tween police officers and their commu-nities? No one has fought harder for the things he believes in than JOEBIDEN— no one—and there is nothing that he will not do for the country he so deeply loves. Love of country is second only to the love J
OEhas for his beautiful family. When he talks about his incredible wife, children, and grandchildren, you know they are his guiding star. It is because of this love that we have all come to know and adore J
OE, and for that same reason, it is why our hearts broke for him over the profound, unspeakable loss of his son, Beau. All of America mourned with J
OE. He had every right to stay down, but J
OEis as resilient as they come. He likes to tell the advice that his father gave him as a child: ‘‘Champ, when you get knocked down get up. Get up.’’ Well, J
OEalways gets up. He gets up again and again and again. And we are all so fortunate that he does because, from the U.S. Senate to the Office of the Vice President, J
OE has never stopped fighting for the things he believes in—for civil rights, women’s rights, worker’s rights, eco-nomic fairness, a world-class education for our kids, health care for all, and a safe and peaceful world. J
OEhas taught me so much, and I am so proud to call him my forever friend. Many of you know that I love to re-write song lyrics. This is what I wrote for J
OE: 
Joe is a many splendored thing. He is tough and smart and strong and wise. Winter, fall and spring. He’s for kids and health and child care. Our Joe will always be there. A smile, a glow, It’s not for show, it’s true. Joe worked with us for years and years, And there is no sleep for our busy Veep. He has hope not fears. Whether guy or gal, Joe is our pal. And this we know is true, Joe Biden, colleagues, All love you. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I join my colleagues today in honoring you and thanking you for the incred-ible devotion you have shown to the United States Senate and to express my deep respect for you—respect that I know the people of Michigan share. You have been a longtime friend to me and to the people of my home State. One thing we have always had in common: our parents were both in the automobile industry. As of course you know, your dad was a car salesman, and my father owned an Oldsmobile dealership. So we have both known, from the very beginning, how critically impor-tant American manufacturing is for so many people in Michigan and across the country. We worked together, both when you were the Senator from Delaware and then as the Vice President of the United States, to save the auto indus-try back in 2008. You know that the only way we suc-ceed is if we do everything we can to support and grow America’s middle class, which you have done your entire career. There are countless instances over your 40 years of service when you were on the right side of history: when you led the passage of the Violence Against Women Act; in your work as the chair of the Judiciary and Foreign Relations Committee; through your wise counsel as Vice President and your ability to work with us to get so much done over the last 8 years; with Dr. Biden, who is here today, for your work supporting Michigan’s military families and com-munity colleges; and now in your effort to cure cancer through the Cancer Moonshot. Early on in your career, you said that the work that we do here allows us to ‘‘literally have the chance to shape the future—to put our own stamp on the face and character of America, to bend history just a little bit.’’ I would believe, as every one of my col-leagues does, that you have done more than bend the future of America ‘‘just a little bit.’’ You have changed this Nation and you have changed this Senate for the better. There is a great quote from a poet I know that you admire very much, Wil-liam Butler Yeats. It is a piece of advice that he gave out frequently to young writers. It goes: ‘‘Think like a wise man but com-municate in the language of the peo-ple.’’ Yeats—like you Mr. President—un-derstood that the best way to reach people is by appealing to their heart, meeting them where they are. And I think, moving forward, we have to remember that we all have to reach people’s hearts and strive to serve as well as you have. Thank you for your service to this Senate and to the American people. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, it is fitting that JOEBIDEN ascended from Senator to Vice President—or as the office is known around here, President of the Senate. J
OEwas elected to the Senate as a very young man. We have heard J
OE talk about how hard it was after losing his wife, Neilia, and baby daughter, Naomi, in an automobile accident, just weeks before he was to be sworn in, to come to Washington and assume his duties. He credits his older colleagues like Mike Mansfield, Ted Kennedy, Danny Inouye, Hubert Humphrey, Fritz Hollings, and Rhode Island’s Claiborne Pell, who opened his Washington home to the young Senator, with convincing him to stick it out, just for a few months. Well, he did more than stick it out. He dove in. The Senate saved his life, he has said, in that time of grief. And in return, he gave his life to the Sen-ate, serving the people of Delaware for more than three decades. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.027 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6806 December 7, 2016 
JOEBIDEN presided over Supreme Court nomination hearings as chair-man of the Judiciary Committee. He shepherded the assault weapons ban and the Violence Against Women Act. He served also as the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, facing down dictators and championing nu-clear nonproliferation. He is, of course, recognized in Senate lore as a particularly strong speaker and debater. From his familiar perch in the back row of the Chamber, J
OE would hold forth on the merits of legis-lative proposals and the positions of his colleagues. If the Chamber was empty of Senators, he would even turn and deliver his speeches to the captive audience in the staff gallery behind him. But J
OEcan always be counted on for telling it like it is. Not long ago, he was in my home State of Rhode Island to tout needed infrastructure projects. Now, Rhode Island has one of the high-est rates of structurally deficient bridges in the Nation, and my senior Senator, J
ACKREED, and I have worked hard to bring Federal resources to bear in addressing that need. But J
OEput it no uncertain terms. Standing under the East Shore Expressway Bridge on Warren Avenue in East Providence, the Vice President cried, ‘‘For 10 years you’ve had Lincoln logs holding the damn thing up! No, I mean go look at it. The press went and looked at it. If everybody in Rhode Island watched the news tonight and saw that, they’d try to go around the damn bridge!’’ Whatever his style or accomplish-ments, J
OEwill always pin his success in the Senate on the personal relation-ships he forged so deeply and so sin-cerely, with ideological allies and strange bedfellows alike. ‘‘Every good thing I have seen happen here, every bold step taken in the 36-plus years I have been here, came not from the ap-plication of pressure by interest groups, but through the maturation of personal relationships,’’ he said in his 2009 farewell speech. ‘‘Pressure groups can and are strong and important advo-cates. But they’re not often vehicles for compromise. A personal relation-ship is what allows you to go after someone hammer and tong on one issue and still find common ground on the next.’’ That is why J
OEBIDEN was uniquely well suited for the one job in this coun-try with one constitutional foot in the executive branch and the other in the legislative. He was at the center of a number of high-stakes compromises be-tween the White House, Congress, and the two parties. And every once in a while, he still got to vote. ‘‘Except for the title ‘father,’’’ he said, ‘‘there is no title, including ‘vice president,’ that I am more proud to wear than that of United States sen-ator.’’ J
OEBIDEN is a great father to Hunter and Ashley, and to Beau, whose passing last year was felt by the entire Senate family. He served honorably as Vice President. But he will always be the pride of the Senate. I thank him for his faithful service and for his enduring example. And I wish him and Jill great happiness in the adventures to come. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to Vice President JOE B
IDEN, a man who has dedicated his life to serving our country, working across the aisle whenever he can, and always doing his best to get things done for the American people. I am proud to have known and ad-mired J
OEa long time. I first met J OE toward the end of his first campaign for the Senate, in the fall of 1972. My father, Stewart Udall, had been called to Delaware to help the young Demo-cratic candidate with environmental issues. I tagged along with my dad and spent a day on the campaign trail with a man who would come to spend 36 dis-tinguished years in the Senate and be-come our 47th Vice President. The following summer, I worked as a staffer in his Senate office—writing constituent letters, researching policy issues, preparing press materials. That was my first job in the Senate. In so many ways, J
OEBiden is the same person now as then—caring, pas-sionate, energetic, tenacious, and ready and able to get things done. J
OEgave me my first Senate job, and this January—44 years later—he swore me in for the 114th Congress. I note that Senators from across our country—from both parties—have lined up to speak to J
OE’s character and ac-complishments. We respect him as a colleague, and we love him for his pas-sion and commitment to public service. J
OEhas never forgotten his blue col-lar roots. He has never forgotten our country’s working class. J
OE has fought all his life to make sure the working class gets a fair shake. He sounded the clarion call in the last months and weeks of the Presidential campaign—that we not forget working families and, more broadly, America’s middle class. In his words, ‘‘The middle class is not a number; it’s a value set. It’s being able to own your house and not have to rent it; it’s being able to send your kid to the local park and know they’ll come home safely. It’s about being able to send your kid to the local high school and if they do well they can get to college, and if they get to college, you can figure out how to [pay to] get them there, and when your mom or dad passes away, you can take care of the other who is in need and hope your kids never have to take care of you. That’s J
OEBIDEN’s definition of the middle class, and the middle class has been clobbered.’’ J
OEchampioning the working and middle class helps my State of New Mexico, helps all of our States. His policy expertise is broad and deep but maybe in no area as much as for-eign policy. He has spent decades work-ing on international matters—as a member of the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee, as the committee’s chair or ranking member, as President Obama’s foreign relations trouble-shooter. From my service on the Foreign Re-lations Committee, I have a keen ap-preciation for the complexity of for-eign policy matters in today’s world. JOE’s foreign policy is at once prag-matic and sophisticated. He has stal-wartly promoted peace and non-proliferation. But he understands the need for military force when national interests are at stake, diplomacy is not an option, and such action will bear in-tended results. J
OErecently summed up what can be called the Biden Doctrine in Foreign Affairs. He identifies the broad themes of Obama foreign policy strategy and advises the next administration. The essay should be required reading for anyone serious about foreign policy, and I hope the new administration takes his advice to heart. While J
OE’s legislative accomplish-ments are too many to list, I would like to underscore one achievement that has made a difference in my home State of New Mexico—The Violence Against Women Act. As chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, J
OEdrafted VAWA and led the charge for enactment. Passed in 1994, VAWA reordered how the Federal criminal justice system handled rape, sexual assault, and domestic violence cases. VAWA gave victims needed pro-tections and strengthened prosecutors’ tools. I was attorney general of New Mexico in 1994. In the wake of VAWA’s passage, I formed the Violence Against Women Task Force. We got strengthened antistalking laws passed in the New Mexico Legislature in 1997. While VAWA was easily reauthorized and strengthened during the 2000s, re-authorization became difficult in 2012. As Vice President, J
OEwas instru-mental in breaking impasses. VAWA represented a sea change for how our society addresses violent crime against women. The law was reauthorized and strengthened in 2013, and now extends protections to gay and transgender per-sons, immigrant women, and on-res-ervation Native Americans. Like J
OE, I am a husband and father of a daughter. I am proud to have voted in favor of reauthorization. We all know that J
OEhas faced deep, personal tragedies. But he has con-fronted tragedy with courage and love for his family and with an unimagi-nable determination to keep working for the American people—turning his own losses into ways to help others. J
OEand his equally capable, deter-mined, and indefatigable wife Jill have brought new energy and urgency to the fight to cure cancer. The Cancer Moon-shot has already had many successes. J
OEturned the premature death of his son into actions to help others with cancer. This week, the Senate that J
OEgave so much to gave something back, send-ing the 21st Century Cures Act to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.068 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6807 December 7, 2016 
President Obama for signature. The $1.8 billion cancer initiatives in that bill are the direct result of Vice Presi-dent B
IDEN’s Cancer Moonshot initia-tive. It is fitting that we named the cancer initiatives in the Cures Act after Beau Biden. J
OEBIDEN leaves the Vice Presi-dency, but he will never leave the fight for all Americans—Black, Brown, White, poor, working class, middle class, gay, straight, Muslim, Chris-tian—everyone—fighting for what is right, fighting to make sure we all have a fair shot. J
OE’s heart is as big as they come. I honor his decades of work, commit-ment, and accomplishments, and I look forward to J
OEcontinuing being J OE— the same guy I met in 1972—working hard every day to make a difference in the lives of all Americans. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the contributions and the long and colorful career of Vice President J
OEBIDEN—the pride of Scranton, PA—and of Wilmington, DE—and the pride of the entire United States. J
OEBIDEN lived, learned, and grew up among hard-working Americans in the 1950s and 1960s, when everything in America seemed possible—and it was. Remarkably, this gifted orator grew up with a crippling stutter—a challenge which he overcame through determina-tion and perseverance. He displayed that same uncommon strength after he lost his wife and daughter in a horrific car accident just weeks after being first elected to the United States Sen-ate. Vice President B
IDEN considered giv-ing up his seat to tend to his injured children. It is one of this country’s great fortunes that J
OEBIDEN decided against that. Scarred by the tragedy and by a close brush with death himself and more recently by the loss of his son Beau, the Vice President has shown us the power of and the comfort de-rived from a deep personal faith. When he was first elected to the United States Senate in 1972, he was only 29 years old. And in a Senate ca-reer spanning 36 years, Senator B
IDEN left behind a legacy as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Perhaps his greatest achievement was his tireless advocacy for civil rights, especially the protection of women and children from domestic violence. The passage of the Violence Against Women Act in 1994 is an enduring Biden legacy which we will continue to build upon for years to come. And now, even as he is about to retire from political life, Vice President B
IDEN has taken on a new cause: to find a cure for the disease which has claimed too many millions of Ameri-cans, including his beloved son, Beau. The Cancer Moonshot has refocused and reinvigorated our Nation’s efforts to eradicate this devastating disease, and I was proud to support renaming the legislation to honor Beau Biden. Vice President BIDEN is as honest and authentic a person as you will find, providing a welcome dose of humanity and authenticity to the business of governing. And he has served with great honor and humility. I recall a dinner the Vice President attended at my home where, before he greeted a single guest, he made sure to spend time with my children—greeting them and engaging them in a real con-versation. They have never forgotten that. And, as the meal was ending, the Vice President said he wanted to hear from each of our guests. Now, this may come as no surprise to those of you who know J
OEBIDEN, but he actually spoke at some considerable length about how important he thought it was to hear from everybody who was there. Two and a half hours into a dinner scheduled to last just 90 minutes, I think one guest got to ask the Vice President a question. I know Vice President B
IDEN and his exceptional partner, Jill, will continue to be engaged in the life of our Nation, so I will simply thank him today for four decades of public service—and pledge my continued respect for his many contributions to this great Na-tion which he loves so completely. Thank you, Mr. Vice President. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I want to join in honoring Vice President B
IDEN’s lifetime of service and sacrifice to our country. Throughout his career, Vice Presi-dent B
IDEN has carried out his work with a sense of humility, integrity, and authenticity that often seems missing in today’s politics. He served as either chairman or ranking member of the Senate Judici-ary Committee for 17 years. In this ca-pacity, he crafted the Violence Against Women Act, which provided critical new protections to victims of domestic violence and sexual assault. The land-mark bill also supported local law en-forcement to help increase prosecu-tions and convictions of abusers. He has continued this legacy by serving as the White House Adviser on Violence Against Women. Most recently, he led the White House’s efforts on the Cancer Moonshot initiative, which seeks to hasten our advances in cancer research, preven-tion, and treatment. Earlier today, the Senate passed a bill to help make the Cancer Moonshot initiative a reality, which is a further testament to the Vice President’s leadership and char-acter. The Vice President’s involvement in the Cancer Moonshot initiative was born out of the death of his son, Beau, who lost his battle with brain cancer last year. The Vice President also grap-pled with tragedy at a young age when his first wife and his 13-month-old daughter were killed in a car accident. The poise, dignity, and humility that the Vice President has been able to maintain in the face of these tragedies speaks to his strength and his char-acter. Through all this, he has contin-ued to serve the American people with the utmost integrity and authenticity, which have undoubtedly contributed to his successful career in public service. The Vice President has also consist-ently advocated for the leadership role the United States plays in the world. Over the years, Vice President BIDEN has lent his diplomatic hand to U.S. engagement in development and secu-rity in places like Eastern Europe and the Northern Triangle countries of Central America. He has worked tire-lessly to strengthen our partnerships across the globe, in places like Asia, Europe, and the Middle East, in an ef-fort to further U.S. interests and the values upon which our Nation has thrived. When he was in Denver this past Sep-tember to speak at the Korbel School, the Vice President warned against ‘‘turning inward.’’ J
OEhas no capacity to turn inward in any walk of life. His career is characterized by reaching outward to the American people and to the world, working to listen, collabo-rate, heal, and serve. We can all learn a lot from that open and inclusive ap-proach. We are grateful for the Vice Presi-dent’s leadership and example. I thank him and his incredible family for their service to our Nation. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I would like to pay tribute to an incred-ible leader, public servant, mentor, and friend. It seems impossible to place a period on the public service career of J
OSEPH  R
OBINETTE BIDEN, Jr. So perhaps this is just an ellipsis. For 36 years, J
OEBIDEN was a tow-ering presence in this body. As a mem-ber, ranking member, and chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, he dove headfirst into the most chal-lenging issues in a volatile world, shap-ing a generation of U.S. foreign policy. He tackled arms control issues, stood up directly to Slobodan Milosevic, fought against apartheid in South Afri-ca, and strongly advocated for NATO bombing of Serbia in the 1990s. He once called his contribution to ending the Yugoslav wars one of the ‘‘proudest moments’’ of his political career. For years, he worked to shape our policy in Iraq and the Middle East. He did so not just from his Washington office, but through regular visits to warzones, where he met face to face with military leaders and enlisted men and women, alike. This is J
OEBIDEN’s legacy. As a member and chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee, Senator B
IDEN spearheaded the Federal assault weap-ons ban, presided over Supreme Court confirmations, and—in perhaps his most significant legislative triumph— authored the Violence Against Women Act. For generations, violence against women was a private matter—a trag-edy suffered over and over by women with no recourse against abusive part-ners. VAWA brought this scourge out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.066 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6808 December 7, 2016 
of the shadows and into the open, af-firming that domestic violence sur-vivors would NOT also be victimized by the system that was supposed to pro-tect them. Because of VAWA, which Senator B
IDEN helped reauthorize three times, 3.4 million women and men have called the National Domestic Violence Hotline and gotten the support they need. From 1994, when VAWA became law, until 2010, the rate of domestic vi-olence in the United States has fallen by 64 percent. These are real accom-plishments and real people—not just statistics. This is J
OEBIDEN’s legacy. And, as everyone knows, he did it all commuting daily from and to his be-loved Delaware. Then he got a job that included ac-commodation in Washington, DC. J
OEBIDEN has transformed the job of Vice President. A key liaison to Con-gress because of his years of relation-ships on the Hill, J
OEBIDEN stood shoulder to shoulder with President Obama and brought our economy back from the brink. Vice President B
IDEN was tasked with implementing and overseeing the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, which laid the foun-dation for a sustainable economic fu-ture we are experiencing today. He also tackled longer term eco-nomic challenges, traveling the coun-try in support of American manufac-turing jobs and working tirelessly to rein in the exorbitant cost of college and spiraling student loan debt. J
OE B
IDEN believes in his bones that all Americans deserve a fair shot. That is why he was an early advocate for marriage equality. He accelerated change, forcing a conversation that, at its heart, was about love and the sim-ple premise of all men and women being equal. His belief in a fair shot for all is why Vice President B
IDEN devoted incred-ible energy after the Sandy Hook shooting to sparing other families the heartbreak felt by too many in New-town. Some of the most challenging days of the Obama administration were days of mass shootings. Aurora, San Bernardino, Orlando, Fort Hood, Charleston, Tucson, and of course Newtown—to anyone who has been active in the push for common-sense gun safety measures—as I have— the Vice President’s steady hand, com-mitment, and leadership in this space have been obvious. Along with the President, he has comforted families, devoted countless hours to healing, and contributed energy and ideas to a years-long push that will eventually af-fect real change and keep the most le-thal weapons out of the hands of the most dangerous people. And that will be J
OEBIDEN’s legacy. Vice President J
OEBIDEN was taught early on by his parents that hard work mattered, that how you treat others matters, and above all else that family matters most. Throughout his career, he had a rule in his office: if one of his children, his wife Jill, or a sibling called, staff was to pull him out of a meeting so he could take the call. The same rule extended to staff. He never wanted to hear that someone had stayed at work instead of making it to a graduation, Little League game, or school play. That, laid bare, is JOEBIDEN. He came to Washington on the shoulders of his family, which fanned out across Delaware and knocked on doors until there were no more doors to knock. When tragedy struck—between his im-probable election victory and his swearing in—and he suffered the un-imaginable loss of his wife and infant daughter, his family pulled him closer. He stayed by the hospital beds of his two sons, Beau and Hunter, and nursed them back to health, questioning all along whether he would ever serve in the Senate. But this body—this Senate—pulled him closer, too. Senators Inouye, Mansfield, Humphrey, Hollings, and Kennedy all pleaded with him to give the Senate a chance: ‘‘Just six months, J
OE. Just stay six months.’’ He stayed 36 years. And he learned lessons about character and motives— lessons we are all still learning today. He learned from Mike Mansfield never to question another man’s motive— question his judgment but never his motive. It was a lesson that bridged di-vides that too often keep us apart. The lesson made for lasting friendships with Jesse Helms and Strom Thur-mond—whose eulogy he delivered. J
OEBIDEN arrived in the Senate after a 1972 campaign heavy on civil rights. Years later, the centerpiece in his Sen-ate office was a large table that had be-longed to Senator John Stennis, around which Senator Richard Russell and Southern segregationists had planned the demise of the civil rights movement. In 2009, J
OEBIDEN became Vice President to our first African- American President. The arc of the moral universe is long, but it does indeed bend toward justice. We have not seen the end of J
OE B
IDEN. Just this week, he presided over this body as we took an important step toward realizing the dream of the Can-cer Moonshot—an ambitious project to end cancer as we know it. It is another effort that has profound personal meaning to the Vice Presi-dent, who lost his son Beau to this hor-rible disease. It is also a place where J
OEBIDEN’s work will have lasting, in-delible effect on Americans—indeed all of humanity—if he is successful. And that is J
OEBIDEN’s legacy. He brought people together. He tack-led the impossible. He overcame obsta-cles. He bridged divides. Tireless and fierce, J
OEBIDEN put family and coun-try first. We cannot ask for more than that. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues to pay tribute to Vice President J
OEBIDEN. J
OEhas made countless contributions to our country throughout his more than 40 years in public service and six terms in the U.S. Senate. Whether it was passing the Violence Against Women Act, leading the con-gressional opposition to apartheid South Africa, or advocating for Am-trak, JOEhonored the Senate with his service. This year, after the loss of his be-loved son Beau, J
OEharnessed his grief to spearhead a new Cancer Moonshot initiative to accelerate finding cures for cancer. This past Monday night, with J
OE presiding, we named this initiative in memory of Beau. After Monday’s vote, J
OEsaid that it made him realize all of the support he has had since Beau’s passing. In the face of his own loss, J
OEhas supported countless other families in similar situations. I will remember J
OEfor this incred-ible empathy. This year we lost our colleague and friend Congressman Mark Takai of Ha-waii. I affectionately called Mark my younger brother, and his passing was a shock to many of us. J
OEjoined us to honor Mark at a me-morial service here in the Capitol. Reflecting on his own life, J
OEspoke directly to Mark’s wife, Sami, and his children, Matthew and Kaila: 
I promise you that the day will come when Mark’s memory brings a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye. My prayer for you and your family is that they come sooner rather than later. But I promise you. I promise you it will come. 
Like so many times in his life, J OE’s words spoke to our hearts. From his own experience, he com-forted the Takais and so many of us who knew Mark. That is who J
OEis—a man of empa-thy and soul, who always had a kind word, and who will leave a legacy of commitment to doing the right thing, and a legacy of hope. J
OE, you will be missed. Mahalo for your service. Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I would like to join with my colleagues to honor Vice President J
OSEPH R. B
IDEN. Though I did not have the privilege to serve with Vice President B
IDEN while he was a Member of the Senate, I have long admired J
OEand his sincere commitment to the people of this country and especially to those in his beloved home State of Delaware. The details of J
OE’s early years are well known to this body and to the Na-tion, but because they are so central to his character, they bear repeating. After an upset win of a U.S. Senate seat at just 29 years old, J
OEexperi-enced a tragedy that most of us cannot even begin to fathom—the death of his wife, Neilia, and his young daughter, Naomi, in a car accident just weeks be-fore he was set to take office. A now- iconic photograph shows a young J
OE being sworn into office at his sons’ hos-pital bedside. A tragedy of that magnitude, so early in J
OE’s career, would have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.059 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6809 December 7, 2016 
reason for most to put on hold—or even end—a promising future in public serv-ice. Indeed, no one would have faulted J
OEhad he decided that the demands of the work he was set to undertake were not worth pursuing after the unimagi-nable loss he had just experienced. But, from the depths of his sorrow, J
OEsum-moned the courage to press forward, committing himself to his two sons and to his work fighting for Delaware in the U.S. Senate. Committed to caring for his young family in the wake of such loss, J
OEwould take the train from Wilmington to Washington each day the Senate was in session. During his 36 years as a member of this body, J
OEdistinguished himself as a thoughtful, principled leader on a number of critical issues. J
OE’s leader-ship on the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee put him at the center of some of the most consequential debates in re-cent years, from passage of the 1994 Crime Law to the enactment of the Vi-olence Against Women Act. In his role on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, J
OEgarnered the respect of lawmakers on both sides of the aisle as he helped to shape U.S. foreign policy. His leadership in both of these areas, as well as the respect of his colleagues in Congress, made J
OEa natural pick to join then-Senator Obama as his run-ning mate in 2008. As Vice President, J
OEhas been a trusted adviser to President Obama and has been tasked with overseeing significant initiatives within the ad-ministration. From his work on the economic stimulus package in 2009 to his continued leadership in the fight against sexual assault and domestic vi-olence, J
OEhas brought to the White House his characteristic dedication and charisma. It has been a pleasure to ob-serve the real friendship that the Vice President has forged with President Obama, one grounded in mutual re-spect and admiration for one another. We saw again last year J
OE’s strength in the face of adversity when cancer claimed the life of his son, Beau. Like his father, Beau Biden was a gifted communicator, and the Nation mourned alongside J
OEat the news of his passing. In the aftermath of Beau’s death, J
OEaccepted the President’s charge to lead the Cancer Moonshot initiative to accelerate cancer re-search—yet another shining example of J
OEchanneling his experience with loss into advancement for the public good. It is a fitting testament to J
OE’s lead-ership that the cancer provisions in the bill currently under consideration in the Senate, the 21st Century Cures Act, were renamed in honor of Beau. I know of few people who have endured the magnitude of loss that J
OEhas over the course of his life, and the fact that he carries on every day with a full heart and renewed dedication to fighting for the American people is an inspiration. Beyond his accomplishments—which are many—J
OEis perhaps best known for his good humor and genuine ability to connect with people. In a city asso-ciated more with political rancor than authenticity, JOEhas long been a breath of fresh air, an homage to a more amicable past. His ability to get things done while making steadfast friends on both sides of the aisle is a model for all of us and an inspiration to me. I wish J
OEand his wife, Jill, nothing but the best as they move onto their next adventure. I know in times of trial, I will look to J
OE’s leadership and example for the wisdom to make the right decision. Mr. Vice President, on behalf of the people of Maine, I thank you for your service to our country. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, today I join my colleagues in celebrating the many contributions of Vice President J
OEBIDEN, a man who has spent his ca-reer fighting for working families. For more than four decades, Vice President B
IDEN has tirelessly served the people of Delaware and the United States. As many of my colleagues have already noted, he has been on the frontlines of some of our Nation’s toughest battles—from steering the Foreign Relations and Judiciary Com-mittees, to introducing the Violence Against Women Act and championing efforts to reduce gun violence in our communities. He takes on every fight with restless energy and relentless op-timism. I first met then-Senator B
IDEN back in the 1990s when I was a law professor with no experience in the ways of Washington. We tangled over an issue, each of us laying into the fight with determination. Senator B
IDEN won, and I lost. Years later, when I next saw him, he held out his arms and shouted from halfway across the room, ‘‘Pro-fessor! Come here and give me a hug!’’ He had not forgotten our earlier bat-tle, but he made it clear that he con-tinued to think and rethink issues about working families and that, even when we disagreed, we could respect— and even like—each other. And when I was later sworn into the United States Senate, I thought about the example he set to fight hard, but to treat each other with respect. The Vice President has faced down hardship with exceptional grace and courage, and he continues to wake up every day with a steadfast commit-ment to ensuring that the voices of or-dinary Americans are heard here in Washington. And for me personally, he has provided encouragement, wisdom, and good counsel, time and again—and for that, I am truly grateful. So, Vice President B
IDEN: those of us here in the Senate are fortunate to have had the opportunity to work alongside you. And I know I speak for millions of Americans when I say that we all are enormously grateful for your many years of service to this country. Thank you, and I wish you the very best as you begin the next chapter of your life and career. Mr. COONS. We have five Senators remaining who have asked to speak briefly: Senator ALEXANDER , Senator C
ARDIN , Senator C ASEY , and Senator K
AINE. My senior Senator, T OMCARPER  of Delaware, will conclude this session today. I yield the floor to the Senator from Tennessee. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, knowing there is a reception coming, I will try to set a good example. After hearing a speech, my late friend Alex Haley, the author of ‘‘Roots,’’ said: May I make a suggestion? I said: Well, yes. He said: If, when you make a speech, you would say ‘‘Instead of making a speech, let me tell you a story,’’ some-one might actually listen to what you have to say. I have always remembered that, so let me tell one short story about a Vice President who knows how to get things done. Nearly 2 years ago, you and Presi-dent Obama invited Senator C
ORKER  and me to go with you to Knoxville when the President announced his com-munity college program. Before that, we had lunch privately, and we talked about many things, but the President talked about his interest in precision medicine. I said: Mr. President, we are working on something we call 21st Century Cures. Why don’t we fold that into your precision medicine interest, and we will do it together. At the State of the Union address a year later, the President talked about the Cancer Moonshot and announced Vice President J
OEBIDEN would be in charge of that. So I talked to you and said: Well, we will just fold that in as well. It wasn’t moving along as fast as I would like because, as you know and as most people here know, it is full of dif-ficult issues—FDA, safety, moving things though, drug companies’ incen-tives, and then the funding issue on both sides of the aisle. So I called you and I said: J
OE, we are not moving as we should. You said: Well, let me see what I can do. And you held a meeting of the Demo-crats and Republicans in the House— Senator M
URRAY and me—and you moved us along pretty well and off we would go. You didn’t take credit for that; nobody knew much about it. You were the key to that. Then it got stuck again. So I called you again. I said: J
OE, I have the preci-sion medicine, I have the Cancer Moon-shot, we have the BRAIN Initiative, we have the opioids money, but I can’t get a response. I feel like the butler stand-ing with a silver platter outside the Oval Office, and no one will take the order. You said: If you want to feel like a butler, try being Vice President. Well, the fact was, you went to work again. The President called; he went to work. Speaker R
YAN went to work, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.061 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6810 December 7, 2016 
Senator M CCONNELL went to work, and today that legislation on which you worked so hard passed the Senate with 94 votes. That is an example of a man who understands the issues, who knows how to get things done, and who has the respect of everyone in this body. This is Pearl Harbor Day. Pearl Har-bor Day reminds us of the greatest gen-eration of men and women who cared about the country, didn’t care about the credit, resolved their differences, and realized that diversity is impor-tant but turning that diversity into one America is even more important. You are not of that generation, but you show the same spirit as that genera-tion did. Your work on 21st Century Cures and the fact that the Cancer Moonshot section is not only some-thing that is your initiative—is named for your son—is important not just to you but to all of us. You are a friend of every single one of us. We honor you today. We are de-lighted you came down to let us tell a few stories about your effectiveness as Vice President of the United States. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I also wish to join in thanking you for your incredible service. Senator M
IKULSKI  talked about a lot of things you have done. The two of us represent the State of Maryland. Other than the two of us, there is no other Senator who has spent more time in Maryland than the Vice President. Admittedly, most of that time was spent on an Amtrak train, but we con-sider you to be a resident of Maryland. We have tried to find a way to tax you, but we will let you get by. We very much appreciate your interest in our entire region and in our entire country. When I was elected to the Senate in 2007, I talked to Senator Sarbanes—the person whom I was replacing in the Senate—about committee assignments, and we talked about the Senate For-eign Relations Committee. He said: Get on the committee. J
OEBIDEN is an in-credible leader. Any time you can spend with him is going to be time well spent. I talked to Senator M
IKULSKI , and she told me the same thing. I was hon-ored to be able to serve on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and saw firsthand your extraordinary leader-ship on behalf of our country. But bringing us together in that com-mittee, you didn’t know who the Democrats and who the Republicans were. We worked together in a unit in the best interests of our country. That really was a model for all of us in the service of the Senate and service on be-half of our people. A little over 8 years later, I became a ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and we had some extremely challenging issues that could have divided us. You helped me through that period. I really wish to thank you for that. Your extraordinary leadership in helping us resolve some very difficult issues, your openness, your willingness to listen, and your ability to find a way to go forward were incredibly helpful. I think it al-lowed the Senate to do the right thing on that issue—as well as the oversight. I thank you very much. That wasn’t your only opportunity to help us resolve issues. You have heard Members talk about the Violence Against Women Act and how important that was. The Cancer Moonshot is going to be incredibly valuable. Each one of our families has been affected by cancer. Through your efforts, we know we are going to find the answer to this dread disease. You have done this in so many different areas, law enforce-ment—the list goes on and on. Last year I was in Central America. I think there you could easily run for of-fice and have no problems at all. They know what you have done to give them a hope, to give them a future. You take an interest in an area and find a way to be helpful that I think has made our country stronger. You have given hope to people all over the world. You have a love for people. You hear that. You hear that often. It was Will Rogers who famously said he never met a man he didn’t like. That is true of JOEBIDEN. It is incredible. I remember when I was being sworn in, in the ceremony in the Old Senate Chamber, you not only talked to Mem-bers of the Senate, you talked to every member of our families. I don’t know if you had the best staff work or not, but you knew every Member’s family. To this day my grandchildren talk about the conversation they had with you during that swearing-in ceremony. You really care about people, and that real-ly shows. This is a family here, and you have truly shown that to us. Myrna and I look at you and Jill as people who are part of our family. I think you are, perhaps, the most ebullient politician in America. Hor-rific family tragedies and life-threat-ening cranial aneurysms severely test-ed, but ultimately didn’t diminish, your faith in God or your love for the ‘‘retail’’ aspect of politics—meeting and greeting people, making those human connections. Mr. President, for those who may not know your story, I would like to tell them part of it. J
OEBIDEN was born in Scranton and raised there before his parents moved the family to Delaware. He was the first member of his family to attend college. He earned his B.A. from the University of Delaware and then went to law school at Syracuse University, during which time he mar-ried his college sweetheart, Neilia Hun-ter. They had three children—two sons and a daughter. In 1972, just four years after J
OE graduated from law school and when he was just 29 years old—he ran a bare bones, longshot campaign for the U.S. Senate against the incumbent, Caleb ‘‘Cale’’ Boggs, who had previously been Delaware’s Governor and had served three terms in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. JOE’s sister Valerie ran the campaign; most of the other ‘‘staff’’ were other family members. He demonstrated his extraordinary ability to connect with voters and won the election by 3,162 votes and became the sixth-youngest Senator in U.S. history. Just a few weeks after the election, J
OE’s wife and their infant daughter Naomi were killed in a traffic accident; their two young sons, Hunter and Beau, were seriously injured. J
OEwas sworn in to the U.S. Senate next to his sons’ hospital beds and steadfastly began commuting to Washington from Wil-mington every day by train, a practice he maintained throughout his career in the Senate. In 1977, Vice President B
IDEN married Jill Jacobs. Jill has a Ph.D. in edu-cation and is a lifelong educator. To-gether, J
OEand Jill had daughter, Ash-ley, who is a social worker. J
OE’s affinity for the people of Dela-ware was reciprocal: he was re-elected to the Senate six times, including in 2008 when he was also elected Vice President. In February of 1988, J
OEwas admit-ted to Walter Reed Army Medical Cen-ter. He had an intracranial aneurysm that had begun leaking. The situation was dire, a priest had actually adminis-tered last rites at the hospital. The surgery was successful but he suffered a pulmonary embolism and had to un-dergo another operation, which was successful, in May 1988. Two brain op-erations might slow down most people, but not J
OE. Two years after he nearly died, he won re-election to a fourth Senate term. J
OE’s Senate career wasn’t just long; it was distinguished. He became the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee in 1981. Three years later, he helped to steer the Comprehensive Crime Control Act to passage. It was the first of many major legislative ac-complishments which included the Vio-lent Crime Control & Law Enforcement Act of 1994. That bill contained the as-sault weapon ban and the Violence Against Women Act, and it established the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) program. J
OE’s accomplishments on the domes-tic policy side are impressive, but he also became a foreign policy expert. When Congress refused to ratify the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks (SALT) II Treaty Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and President Jimmy Carter signed in 1979, J
OEmet with Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko. He was able to secure changes to the Trea-ty to overcome the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee’s objections. He has played a pivotal role in shaping U.S. foreign policy ever since. I was honored to serve on the Foreign Relations Com-mittee for the last 2 years J
OEserved as Chairman. I have been honored to work with him in his current capacity as Vice President to expand the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, NATO, to include the former Warsaw Pact 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.070 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6811 December 7, 2016 
countries of Eastern and Central Eu-rope and support a sovereign, demo-cratic Ukraine. He is a champion of Israel and has been one of the principal architects of administration’s rebal-ance to the Asia-Pacific. He has devel-oped deep relationships with the world leaders by excelling at face-to-face di-plomacy. Mr. President, we were all devastated when your beloved son Beau lost his battle with brain cancer last year. Beau was just 46. It was a poignant mo-ment on Monday when you were in the Chair, presiding over the Senate as we voted to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the House message to ac-company H.R. 34, the 21st Century Cures Act. The bill contains provisions to implement the administration’s ‘‘Cancer Moonshot’’—yet another one of your sparking accomplishments. I want to commend Senator M
CCONNELL  and the majority for renaming that title of the bill the ‘‘Beau Biden Cancer Moonshot and National Institutes of Health (NIH) Innovation Projects’’. I know it means a lot to you and your family. I have made my lifetime serving in public life. You have made that profes-sion an honorable profession through the manner in which you have con-ducted yourself, your integrity, who you are, and the way that you bring people together. I am proud to have served with you in this body. Mr. President, you have been an ex-traordinary public servant for nearly half a century. You have also been a dedicated family man and a good friend. I said at the beginning of my re-marks that you never met a man you didn’t like. I don’t think anyone who has ever met you didn’t like you, too. Congratulations. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, it is an honor to be here today. I was thinking about what I would say today and mak-ing it as brief and as personal as I could. I have to say that on a day like today it is difficult. We all have the privilege of being able to go to this floor on a regular basis to talk about issues, to talk about our country, and to talk about the world, but we also have one of the great privileges to talk about those with whom we have served and for whom we have great respect. This is one of those moments. It is of great significance for me that I am able to stand on the floor of the Senate as a native of and as a resident of the city of Scranton in Lackawanna Coun-ty to talk about a son of Scranton. I know this is a pretty big day for Delaware—Delaware’s No. 1 citizen and on this historic day for Delaware. But I have to say I am so grateful to be able to say on behalf of the people of Scranton and Lackawanna County in Northeastern Pennsylvania how proud we are today to be able to pay tribute to Vice President J
OEBIDEN. There is so much to say about that history, so much to say about what it means to be able to stand on the floor and talk about his record, his life, his achievements, but mostly to talk about who he is. When I consider what he has contrib-uted to our country, to his State, and to the world, it is difficult to encap-sulate it. I tried to jot down a few notes to remind myself of how best to encapsulate that life. I guess I would start with the word ‘‘integrity.’’ It may be a word that we take for granted, but it is a word that has to be part of the life of a public of-ficial. I would say in the case of JOE B
IDEN, he has the kind of integrity that is uncommon—uncommon not because it is a rare trait but uncommon be-cause it is so much a part of his whole life. He was a public official with integ-rity, and we hope he is again when he might consider public office again. But he is also a person of great integrity when it comes to the fights he has had to wage on behalf of people without power, the work he has had to do as a public official infused with that kind of integrity and, at the same time, the same kind of integrity we expect from a family member and a friend. So I would start with that word. Certainly the word ‘‘compassion’’ comes to mind. Every one of us can tell a story. I was hearing stories just yes-terday from a colleague about a phone call the Vice President made over the last couple of years to someone who was grieving, who was in the depths of the darkness of grief, and the phone call he made to that person. I have heard stories over the years about not just phone calls but visits with people, stopping into a funeral home for a long lost friend who had lost a loved one, letters he has written. I know a personal friend who lost his wife and his sons had lost their mom and what the Vice President wrote to them just this summer. Over and over again, he has demonstrated that kind of compassion. I can remember my own case in a very personal way. It was only an elec-tion loss. I ran for Governor of Penn-sylvania in a primary. As many of my colleagues know, primaries are par-ticularly difficult. I lost badly. No one called on Wednesday after Tuesday. One reporter showed up at my door, and I opened the door and I really couldn’t say much to this reporter, but I was grateful she was there. But I got one phone call on Wednesday—maybe a couple of family members; I come from a family of eight. I think my wife was talking to me, but other than that, the only person who called me was J
OE B
IDEN. He made some kind of grand prediction—I thought he was just being nice—that I would somehow come back. But he was right. And he made me feel much better that day. He may not remember it, but I will remember that for the rest of my life. I think certainly when we think about the Vice President, we could cen-ter on another one word: ‘‘justice’’—an abiding and enduring commitment to justice. His whole public life could be summarized in that word and the com-mitment he has had to justice. We could quote from the Bible: ‘‘Blessed are they who hunger and thirst for jus-tice, for they shall be satisfied.’’ I am not sure JOEBIDEN has ever been satis-fied yet with justice. He is always pur-suing it, always trying to bring justice to a problem or to a situation or to the life of a fellow citizen. We think of what Saint Augustine said about justice a long time ago, but it still bears repeating: ‘‘Without jus-tice, what are kingdoms but great bands of robbers?’’ That is what Saint Augustine said hundreds of years ago. J
OEBIDEN has lived his life as a public official and as a man, as a citizen, with that same burning desire to bring jus-tice into the dark corners of our world. And he knows that without that jus-tice, someone is, in fact, robbed of so much—robbed of their dignity, robbed of their safety, robbed of a full life. But I think I would say that maybe the best line, with all due respect to the Scriptures and to Saint Augustine, was one my father said. He wrote it down years ago, but he probably gave maybe the best description of what a public official should be about. I am not sure I have ever attributed this to anyone else but him. He said the most important qualities a public official can bring to their work are two things: No. 1, a passion for justice—which, of course, J
OEBIDEN has in abundance— and a sense of outrage in the face of in-justice; that if you have both of those, on most days, you are going to get it right. And his life as a U.S. Senator for 36 years, as Vice President for 8 years, and as a citizen for all of those years and more, has been about that passion for justice and a sense of outrage in the face of injustice. We all know his record; we don’t have to recite all of it. From the Violence Against Women Act, which we know is an acronym—VAWA—but it doesn’t do justice to the name of what that meant. So many today have talked about how he saved the lives of women and families because of that legisla-tion. So from VAWA to ARRA, as we call it—the American Recovery and Re-investment Act, the act that helped dig this economy out of the ditch it was in and rescued this country and improved the lives of so many people—he not only worked to get it passed, but then he made sure it was implemented. It might be the most popular piece of leg-islation 25 years from now when people really appreciate what happened with the Recovery Act. From diplomacy, to law enforcement, to not just supporting our troops, not just working on legislation and sup-porting them not only when his son was a member of our Armed Forces but long before that, to what he did very specifically to protect our troops—we know the scourge of IEDs, which was the No. 1 killer of our troops in Iraq and in Afghanistan. A lot of those troops’ lives were saved because of J
OE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.029 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6812 December 7, 2016 
BIDEN up-armoring vehicles and doing all the work he did to protect our troops. So whether it was national security or security on our streets, whether it was protecting women who would be the subject of abuse or helping children or improving our economy—on and on—we could talk about that record. But just as you can’t just list achieve-ments in a record and encapsulate what it means, so the same is true of a 36-year career in the U.S. Senate and then 8 years as Vice President. Lincoln probably said it best. Lincoln said, ‘‘It is not the years in your life that matters, in the end, it is the life in those years.’’ And that is, I think, true of J
OEBIDEN as well. Two more points. One of the best qualities of the Vice President as a man especially but also as a public offi-cial is his sense of gratitude. If you knew him for half an hour or for your whole life, you know that almost al-ways he is speaking about people in his life who made him who he is today, whether it is his mother and father or whether it is his whole family, includ-ing brothers and sisters and his sons and daughters and, of course, Jill. It is a reminder of how grateful we should be. In so many ways, when you hear J
OEBIDEN speak, his speeches tend to be, on many occasions, a hymn to grat-itude, and that comes through all the time. We know how much he suffered with all of the losses he has sustained. I was talking to him recently at an event in Scranton about his son Beau and his life and what a patriot Beau Biden was. I think today we can say the following about the Vice President: This is a man who was a great, great Vice President. This is a man who was a committed and very effective U.S. Senator, but maybe most important, he has been a faithful son, a loving and proud hus-band and father, and a patriot. Thank you, sir, and God bless you. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, these speeches were just supposed to go on for 1 hour, and we are already at the 2- hour mark, but perhaps, since we are honoring you, this is most appropriate. I would say to our colleagues and our guests, you say the name among us of J
OEBIDEN, and a smile automatically comes to our lips, and that is because the Vice President is a lover of people. That is true. We know it is true. And that is why today we have this genuine affection being expressed. Since the hour is late, my remarks are going to be very short, but I just want to highlight that it is very true and it is very characteristic. I can even tell all of the stories of the Biden fam-ily because I have heard them so much. It is also very true that if you are talking to J
OEand suddenly your wife comes up or your daughter comes up, all of a sudden, J
OEis not focusing on you, he is giving his total attention to the ladies present, and that is most ap-preciated. That, of course, is why he is such a big fan of the Nelson household, not only of Grace and Nan Ellen but also of Bill Junior. He always treats our children with respect and goes out of his way. In Florida, fortunately we had the good fortune of seeing him a lot in his two campaigns as Vice President and then the campaign for the ticket in this last campaign. I can remember those days. It was so cold in a horse pasture west of Ocala. And I can re-member recently just absolutely cook-ing in North Palm Beach on the stage in the hot sun, and JOEwas always there making the case for whoever it was he was standing up for. Of course, he always made you feel that you were welcome. I remember one time we got off an airplane, and he was going to his limousine and I am going back to the guest van in the back. He motions, I am to come with him. I said, ‘‘Mr. Vice President, I never presumed that I should come here.’’ He says, ‘‘I always want you here with me when we are traveling to-gether.’’ That is what makes him so special. Finally, I want to comment about Moonshot. Why is the effort at cancer research called the Moonshot? It is be-cause we achieved what was almost the impossible when the President said we are going to the moon and return safe-ly within the decade, and America mar-shaled the will and in fact did that in-credible accomplishment. That is why we are going to have the Moonshot for cancer. We have already made so much progress; but now, with the former Vice President of the United States heading up all the efforts where we can keep the attention on NIH, so it doesn’t go from a level rocking along about $24 billion, $25 billion a year, and the stimulus shoots it in the first 2 years of the Vice President’s office up to $30 billion a year, then it drops down to $24 billion, $25 billion, and Dr. Francis Collins has to cancel 700 of the medical research grants that he has al-ready issued. Because we have the Moonshot headed by J
OEBIDEN, we are going to find the cure for all those kinds of cancer. That is the great leg-acy that the Vice President of the United States will have. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise in honor of your service. I just want to tell my favorite J
OE B
IDEN story. This is a story the Vice President has heard me tell, but I want it on the Record because everyone should know this story. It is the story of an interaction between our Vice President on one of the most important days of his life and a young man from Richmond, VA, my hometown, on one of the most important days of his life. It was election day 2008, and I was Governor of Virginia. I was responsible for the running of the elections in my State that day when Senator JOEBIDEN was running for Vice President with our President, Barack Obama. I received a call in the middle of the morning: There was going to be a sur-prise visit to a polling place in Rich-mond. After having voted in Wil-mington, Senator B
IDEN was going to make a stop in Richmond and wanted to meet some voters before he headed to Chicago to await the election re-sults. We gave him the address of an el-ementary school polling place that was very near the Richmond Airport, and I raced there with my security detail to get there a few minutes before he ar-rived for a surprise visit with voters who were going to love having the chance to meet the soon-to-be Vice President. I got there a few minutes be-fore Senator B
IDEN arrived, and I saw a friend who had come to vote. I asked how he was doing. He said: I am doing great. I am really excited about voting today. And it is also a special day be-cause I have a nephew with sickle cell anemia and he is casting his first vote, but he is so sick, he can’t even get out of the vehicle. I watched the election officials at the polling place take a voting machine from inside the school into the car so that his 18-year-old nephew could cast the first vote of his life. I saw this young man, the nephew of my friend, and he was very ill. I said to my friend and his nephew: Can you wait here for 5 minutes? Be-cause I think we can do something really exciting. What? Well, just wait. And they said they would. Within 5 minutes, Senator B
IDEN came up to meet voters and shook the hands of those in line. I said: Senator, there is a young man here, and just as this day is very important to you, be-cause I think you are about to be elect-ed Vice President of the United States, for this young African-American male, who is very ill but extremely excited even in his illness to get out of his house to come here and cast his vote to elect the first African-American Presi-dent—he is sitting there in that vehi-cle. Will you go and visit with him? I didn’t even have to finish the sen-tence and put the question mark at the end before Senator B
IDEN shot across the parking lot and went up to the ve-hicle. The press corps was following him. The young man was sitting in the back seat. J
OEjust jumped in the front seat, closed the door, rolled up the win-dow so nobody could hear the conversa-tion, and the press corps gathered around all four sides of the vehicle with their cameras taking pictures of Senator B
IDEN in an extremely ani-mated and somewhat lengthy conversa-tion with the 18-year-old who had just cast his vote. To me, that will always be the quintessential J
OEBIDEN story. J
OEBIDEN is the Irish poet of Amer-ican politicians. He and I share a pas-sion for the Irish poet William Butler Yeats. Yeats, like our Vice President, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.075 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6813 December 7, 2016 
was not just a poet. He was a man of the public. He was a public official. People asked him to weigh in on polit-ical matters all the time. Once, in the middle of the First World War, somebody asked Yeats to write a war poem. He wrote a war poem, and the poem was titled ‘‘On Being Asked for a War Poem.’’ The poem says this: 
I [often] think it better that in times like these A poet’s mouth be silent, for in truth . . . He has had enough of meddling who can please A young girl in the indolence of her youth, Or an old man upon a winter’s night. 
The meaning of the poem is this: I may be a public figure. I may have a public job to do. I may be asked to do a public job and to claim upon matters of public importance. But sometimes even more than the matter of public importance is the ability to please a young girl or an old man—or an ill young man casting a first vote, an im-portant vote. The fact that you took your time on that day of importance to you to shed some light and offer some joy to some-one who was struggling—that is the J
OEBIDEN who has us here for 2 hours offering these tributes. I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I never had the privilege of serving with you in this Chamber, but, like many of my colleagues, I have come to know you as a friend and public servant and a model and a mentor. I have barely enough time to say a few words of trib-ute here, but I will add more to my re-marks on the R
ECORD . What I want to say very simply is that you have inspired so many of us, beyond this Chamber, beyond the peo-ple whom you have known directly, and beyond the people with whom you have worked. Countless young people are involved in this noble profession because of your example. At a time when public officials and politics are often held in little repute and often challenged in their integrity, you have given us a good name, you have given politics a good name, and you have enabled so many of us to serve with pride in a profession that is so vital to the continuance of our de-mocracy. Beyond pieces of legislation, whether it is the Violence Against Women Act or the assault weapon ban or criminal justice—the list goes on—is that model of public service. I want to close by saying that as long as I have known J
OEBIDEN, I really came to know him through the eyes of his son. I had the honor of working and serving with Beau Biden when he was attorney general of the State of Dela-ware and I was attorney general of my State of Connecticut. My ambition in life is to have my four children talk about me with the sense of admiration and love and pride that Beau Biden talked about his dad. I am very proud and grateful that we had the opportunity to vote today on a law that bears his name. As proud as his dad is of him, his pride in his dad is an example that all of us as parents hope our children have for us. I am proud to be in this Chamber and to have been sworn in to this Chamber by you, Mr. Vice President. I hope our paths will continue to cross, as I know they will, with so many of us in this Chamber and in this country. Thank you for your service. I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Missouri. Mrs. MCCASKILL. Mr. President, me too. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, in 1972 I was a young man in my last year at Boston College Law School, and I de-cided to run for State representative. I had a cousin who worked at NASA, an older cousin, the smart one, the physi-cist. He said: Well, there is a young man in Delaware who is running for the Senate. So what is his name? J
OEBIDEN. From that moment on, I was fol-lowing the career of this Irishman, this latter-day descendent of Hubert Hum-phrey, a happy warrior, the man who stands up for the common man and woman in our country. In 1972 you had this great campaign team led by John Marttila—the great John—who captured your spirit, your soul, what you represented now in this half century of American politics. In 1976, when I ran for Congress, just 4 years later—the same as you, age 29— saying ‘‘I think I can run,’’ I walked into the office of this man, John Marttila, in Boston, and it looked like a museum to J
OEBIDEN with all the J
OEBIDEN literature and messages on his wall. So from that moment on, from John Marttila, through Larry Rasky, through Ron Klain—through all of these people who worked for me and worked for you, I have been privileged to be able to chronicle your journey of work and inspiration for our country. I think it is just perfect that you are the commander in chief of this rocket ship to the Moon to find the cure for cancer because that is a mission that has the right man who is going to be leading it. I think that each and every one of us out here knows that one of the reasons this bill is receiving such an overwhelming vote today is because of you, Mr. President. It is because of the respect we have for you. It is the knowledge that when you were negoti-ating this bill, at the end of the day, you were going to put the American people first, you were going to make sure that bill reflected the highest as-piration of every American. So I want to speak briefly because there is a reception after this, and many people are still waiting to say hello to you. I think every Member wanted to come out here, and you in-spired them to speak a lot longer than they may have intended on speaking, but it is because of the incredible re-spect and admiration they have for you. My best to you. My wife Susan’s best to you. There has never been a better public servant in American his-tory. All my best. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, on behalf of all the people in our great State—and our dear colleague Senator Bayh is here because of his love as well—we want to tell you how grateful we are for your services, for the ex-traordinary job you have done as Vice President for President Obama. Everybody is telling stories. As you know, I had the privilege of having you put your arm around me, and when ev-erybody said there was no chance I could ever win, you said: You and I are a lot alike and you can do this and you can win. I came back, and they said: What ad-vice did Vice President BIDEN give you? I said: He told me that I could win. They said: Well, he is right a lot; I don’t know about that one. You turned out to be right. Then we were blessed that your sons, Hunter and Beau, often came to Indi-ana during the summers. You would then come out as well. I will never for-get going to the coffee shop one Sun-day morning. The lady at the coffee shop said to me: This has been an unbe-lievable day because the Vice President came in with all his grandchildren; and, by the way, J
OE, he bought ice cream for everybody in the store, and you have never done that. I said how sorry I was that I never did that. She also said: This is one of the greatest days of my life, to meet some-body who has always looked out for working families, who has always looked out for us. That is how we see you back home. You have always looked out for us. You have always cared about us. As a sec-ond-generation Irish immigrant, you have always been an example to all of us that we can accomplish anything we dream of. God bless you and Jill and your whole family. We are so lucky to have been touched by you. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Vice President B
IDEN, earlier Hubert Humphrey’s name was mentioned. You know the great love the people of Minnesota have for you. Vice President Humphrey was your mentor when you first got to the Senate, where you didn’t even know if you were going to last a few months here, and he was there for you. You have extended that kindness to so many since then. Vice President Mondale, another Minnesotan, has great affection and love for you, and I will report back to him tonight that I was here with you today. When I first got elected to the Senate and made one of my first speeches about police funding to a completely empty Chamber—and I thought even my mom wasn’t watching on C–SPAN— I walked out of this place and I got a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.076 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6814 December 7, 2016 
phone call on my cell phone and it was J
OEBIDEN, then a Senator, saying ‘‘that was a really great speech.’’ When you came to my State and one of my best friends suddenly lost her husband and you heard about it, you did not know who she was, you just heard the story, and in 2 weeks, on her first day back at work, she was driving home and she got a call from you. You talked to her for 20 minutes. When you were done and had given her all this wonderful advice, you said: We are not done; I want you to write down my phone number. She said: I am driving, Mr. Vice President; I can’t do that. You said: Pull over. She wrote your phone number on her hand. You did that for her, Mr. Vice President, and you have done that for so many Americans. On behalf of our entire State of Minnesota that has loved you forever, thank you. I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, a few minutes ago, I sent up a note to you that I handwrote that said: ‘‘Flattery won’t hurt you if you don’t inhale, so don’t breathe too deeply up there.’’ I also recall walking into a hearing with EPA Administrator Gina McCar-thy not too long ago in the House of Representatives, a joint House-Senate hearing. A lot of people had been there asking questions, and she was in the seat for 4 hours. It finally became my turn to ask a question, and I said to her: Is there any question, Adminis-trator McCarthy, that you have not been asked today? She said: I wish somebody had asked me if I needed a bathroom break. There are 30 more Senators in the cloakroom who want to come out and speak. If you need one, let us know and one of the pages or somebody will take your spot up there. It has been a joy to sit here and lis-ten to all these stories. J
OHNCARNEY , our Congressman, Governor-elect, has been here and come and gone. He has gone back to the House to go into ses-sion. He used to work for you, and you are one of his great mentors. He wants you to know he was here, in case you didn’t. I want to say to C
HRIS COONS , who put this all together, making possible a wonderful tribute, this is the Senate at its best. It is wonderful to see some of our still young colleagues who have come back to visit us and to be with us on this special, special day. Over the years, people have asked me why I have had some success in my life, and I say that my sister and I picked the right parents. My sister and I picked the right parents. J
OEBIDEN and his brother and sister picked the right parents. I have had the privilege of knowing them both. When your dad was sick and in the hospital, I visited and spent time with him, just the two of us. J
OE, I want to say for those who maybe didn’t know your parents, they valued education and made sure you got a good one, along with his brother and sister. Val is up there somewhere. I want to say hi to Val. They valued education and people of faith. I am Protestant, and JOEand his family are Catholic, but he doesn’t wear it on his sleeve. I will tell you this, nobody be-lieves in the Golden Rule of treating other people the way you want to be treated any more than J
OEBIDEN. Nobody adheres to Matthew 25, the ‘‘Least of These,’’ any more than J
OE B
IDEN. Nobody does a better reading of James 2: ‘‘Show me your faith by your words, and I will show you my faith by my deeds.’’ He doesn’t just talk a good game. He doesn’t talk a whole lot about his faith, but he sure lives it. From his family—from his mom and dad—he learned the importance of fam-ily and the importance of loyalty to his family and, frankly, to his friends—his multitude of friends. He learned there is a difference between right and wrong and figure out what it is and do right. Do it all the time. He learned a little bit about common sense. My dad used to say to my sister and me when we did some boneheaded stuff, just use some common sense. I think your dad said that to you once or twice as well. One of the things your mom used to say to you was, if you are knocked down, get up—the idea you just never give up. You know you are right, never give up. That is J
OEBIDEN. People say to us in this Chamber I am sure every day that they wouldn’t want our job. I wouldn’t want your job. I know you heard that a lot of times. I think we are fortunate to have these jobs and responsibilities to serve. An even tougher job is to be married to one of us. Several people talked about Jill and your bride—for how many years? Almost 40 years. Is that pos-sible? I first saw Jill Biden when I was a graduate student when I was just out of the Navy. I was a graduate student at the University of Delaware. I hap-pened to see her on campus. I thought then, and I would say now, one of the two loveliest people I think I have ever seen. The other being Martha Carper. Not only is she lovely—as J
OEknows— on the outside, really lovely on the in-side. She is a person with deep caring, a person with incredible warmth and compassion. She is a terrific educator. She taught in our State in public schools. She taught in a hospital for folks with special needs. She taught at Delaware Technical Community Col-lege when it was selected as the best technical community college in the Nation during the time that she was on the faculty there. She continued as Second Lady to continue to critique, but she started off in a place called Willow Grove, PA. There is a naval air station there where I used to fly P–3 aircraft—mis-sion commander—out of there. I retired as a Navy captain in 1991. She was just down the road, growing up with her four sisters, Jill Jacobs and the Jacobs girls. I am sure they broke a lot of hearts. In the case of Jill Biden, she helped to mend one. As much as anybody, Val and your family are hugely supportive and helped you get through a terribly tough time, but I think Jill perhaps made you whole. She got her undergrad, I believe, from the Univer-sity of Delaware. She has two master’s degrees—a Ph.D. focused on how to in-crease retention in community colleges around the country. She got those ad-vanced degrees while working and rais-ing a family, three kids that any of us would be proud to claim as our own. Last week, I happened to be in a classroom in a school where the Vice President probably has been before, Mount Pleasant Elementary School, right down the road from the high school. I was in a classroom of a woman by the name of Wendy Turner, who is the Delaware Teacher of the Year. I had a chance to be with her and her grade school kids. We all gathered around together, and I sat on a stool. They gathered around me. There were about 20, 25 kids. I said: Why is she such a great teacher? Talking about Wendy Turner, Teacher of the Year. They said: She loves kids. She loves us. They said: She knows her stuff. She really knows what she is talking to us about. She knows how to make clear why it is important, like when we leave school, and why it is important we learn these things. She believes every-body can learn—everybody can learn. I thought about her, and I think about Jill Biden today. She is that kind of educator as well, continues to be that kind of educator as well. A lot has been said today of the Can-cer Moonshot that JOEhas been lead-ing with great skill and success here, especially today. Before there was Can-cer Moonshot, there was J
OEBIDEN’s breast health initiative, which helped thousands of young women to learn about the importance of early detec-tion for breast cancer. Beau went into the military, Dela-ware National Guard, deployed to Iraq. Some people would send cookies and packages to their kids and maybe write emails or Skype with them. Jill de-cided she was going to take that expe-rience and create something with Dela-ware Boots on the Ground to look out for families. Later on, as Second Lady, working with Michelle Obama, she cre-ated something they called Joining Forces, which focuses on education for military families—education, employ-ment opportunities, access to wellness services. She even managed to write a book. She wrote a book from a child’s point of view of having a loved one in their family deployed overseas in the mili-tary. As I said earlier, she helped raise three terrific kids. Sometimes I like to quote Maya Angelou, who sang at the second inau-guration of Barack Obama and J
OE B
IDEN, and she passed away not long ago. Maya Angelou said something that I think is appropriate for all of us today when she said: People may not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.078 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6815 December 7, 2016 
remember what you said, people may not remember what you do, but they will remember how you made them feel. One of the threads through every-thing that has been said here today really reminds me of what Maya Angelou said because people may not remember what we said. They may not remember what we do, but there are not just thousands, not just tens of thousands, not just hundreds of thou-sands, but there are millions of people in this country who will remember how you and Jill made them feel—cared for, important, loved. I know our Vice President likes music, and as a Boomer he later on liked a British group. I forget what their Fab Four was called. I think it might have been the Beatles, and maybe the best rock ’n’ roll album ever, ‘‘Abbey Road,’’ ends with these lyrics—the last part of Abbey Road, side two, was largely written by Paul McCartney. The last words on ‘‘Abbey Road’’ were these words: ‘‘The love you take is equal to the love you make.’’ You are going to take a lot of love with you, and Jill as well, far from here and for the rest of your lives. God bless you. Mr. President—I have always wanted to call you Mr. President. With that, Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The VICE PRESIDENT. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The VICE PRESIDENT. Without ob-jection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I would like to invite all of my colleagues to join us in a reception in honor of the Vice President. I remind any col-leagues who wish to speak who did not have the opportunity to submit their comments for the R
ECORD , and I very much look forward to our jointly pre-senting a bound copy to the Vice Presi-dent. Thank you for your service, and we look forward to hearing from you at the reception. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The VICE PRESIDENT. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO DEPARTING SENATORS  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, this is one of those weeks where, every 6 years or 4 years or 2 years, we pause and pay tribute to those who have been elected to the Senate and have served with us and will be retiring or were possibly de-feated in the last election. 
KELLY AYOTTE  
The first Senator I wish to talk about is K
ELLY AYOTTE , from the great State of New Hampshire. KELLY ’s de-parture from the Senate is a great loss for all of us. I remember the day K
ELLY  A
YOTTE became a rising star, not only on the horizon of Republican politics but more importantly on the horizon of the Senate. During her campaign 6 years ago, we would get phone calls asking: Have you heard about K
ELLY ? Everybody knew who K
ELLY was. She was the attorney general of the State of New Hampshire, running for the U.S. Senate, and she was catching fire. She did catch fire and won in convincing fashion. She is a great lady with a great family and has done a phenomenal job. Our U.S. Armed Forces are better today because of her efforts and hard work. We passed the agreement to go to the final passage on the authoriza-tion of the military appropriations today, and in large measure, K
ELLY  A
YOTTE was behind that. When we were debating our policy on interrogation and torture, K
ELLY AYOTTE was on top of that. Every significant decision we have made in the last 6 months, wheth-er it was our military, policies, or proc-ess, she has been at the forefront of those decisions and has done a phe-nomenal job. I wish her the very best in her career and future, and I thank her for the service she has given to our country. As a son of the South, in Georgia we love New Hampshirites anytime we can get one, and K
ELLY is the best. They have the best lobsters, the best clams, and the best attorney general and Sen-ator in K
ELLY AYOTTE . God bless you, K
ELLY , and best of luck to you. 
BARBARA BOXER  
At this point, I wish to pause and pay attention to B
ARBARA BOXER from Cali-fornia. A lot of my colleagues will say: Wait a minute. Why are you talking about B
ARBARA BOXER ? You are a Re-publican. She is an icon in the Demo-cratic Party. She is a liberal, and you are a conservative. She is a great Senator, and I will tell you why. B
ARBARA and I served on the Ethics Committee for the last 9 years. When I was asked to go on the com-mittee, she was the chairman. Later on, I succeeded her as the chairman. I am the chairman today, and she is still a member until she retires. The Ethics Committee is the one as-signment nobody wants to get. But when you get it, you want to have somebody who will do what is right. Regardless of their party, you need somebody who will do what is right for the Member, the institution, and will carry out their responsibilities under the Constitution, which all of us are obligated to do in the Senate. In the last 9 years, I worked with B
ARBARA BOXER on any number of com-plaints, allegations, and cases against Members of the Senate for unethical conduct or conduct unbecoming of a Senator. We have admonished some, cleared some, and recommended the ex-pulsion of some, and some have re-signed because of our investigation. I take no pride in anyone leaving the Senate because of the actions of the committee, but I take great pride in the fact that no one in 9 years has questioned the integrity of the Senate Ethics Committee, the job it has done, or the final decision it has made, and I give most of the credit for that to BAR-
BARA BOXER . She is a liberal Democrat, and I am a conservative Republican, but when it comes to calling balls and strikes in terms of ethics, we call them down the middle. That is a credit to the institution, a credit to her, and a credit to the Ethics Committee. At this moment, I want to pause and say to my retiring friend B
ARBARA  B
OXER : Thank you for your service to the country, thank you for what you have meant to the State of California, and thank you for what you have meant to the institution of the Senate and the commitment to ethical behav-ior by our Members. Thank you for making it a standard that you and I stood for. It was a pleasure for me to serve with you and be called one of the members of the odd couple. I
SAKSON  and B
OXER , the two Senate chairs that love our country, are committed to ethics and will always try to do what is exactly right. God bless you, B
ARBARA . Best of luck to you. I yield the floor. 
HURRICANE MATTHEW RECOVERY  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, about a month and a half ago, I came into this Chamber to talk about the damage that occurred in the aftermath of Hur-ricane Matthew. It was actually 2 months ago to the day that Hurricane Matthew hit eastern North Carolina, and I don’t think that many people, unless you have been down there—even in the State, it is hard to really con-ceive of the extent of damage that Mat-thew caused, even for people in my part of the State, the middle part of the State, Charlotte, so I know it is dif-ficult for those who may be in other States and did not see the local news coverage. Matthew took 28 lives. It dis-placed tens of thousands of people in the near term, and now thousands of people are still without homes. It dam-aged businesses and infrastructure. Miles of Interstate 95 were underwater. Bridges have been washed out. We have a lot of damage we have to recover from. We have one community that was washed away by Hurricane Floyd and was washed away again just about 17 years later with Hurricane Matthew, neighborhoods completely underwater. I was in Fayetteville. There was a Habitat for Humanity neighborhood that had 90 homes. Six of the houses are uninhabitable now. They were in areas that were not flood plains. This was a 1,000-year rain event, a 500-year flood event. In other words, this is not likely to happen again in our lifetime, maybe not even in the pages’ lifetimes. It was an incredible event that is going to take a lot of time and effort to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.080 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6816 December 7, 2016 
recover from and a lot of resources to rebuild. We are still trying to tally the human and economic toll. It is going to take probably decades to fully recover from this disaster, as we are seeing with Floyd, but we will recover because that is what North Carolinians do. That is what Americans do. To begin the long rebuilding process, though, we need Federal assistance. That is why Gov. Pat McCrory for-mally requested a disaster assistance package and why we very quickly got a team together—my staff, who led the effort, working with Congressman P
RICE, members of the delegation, Sen-ator B
URR—to try to figure out what we need to do to provide assistance to North Carolina so that they can begin their recovery. Over the past weeks, we have worked very closely with the Ap-propriations Committee. I want to particularly thank the leadership of the Appropriations Com-mittee. They have done an extraor-dinary job of working with us, advising us on what we need to do to make our requests clear, to make it more likely that we would be able to get some re-sources for North Carolina. I specifically want to thank two of my staff who have worked very hard. They were literally working on the dis-aster plan after the rains fell and be-fore the rivers started cresting. I want to thank Towers Mingledorff and Kayla Dolan from my office. They did ex-traordinary work. I am proud of the work they have done on our behalf and on behalf of North Carolinians. At the end of the day, we now have a con-tinuing resolution as a result of their hard work and cooperation with the Appropriations Committee. We have a provision in the continuing resolution to allocate some $300 million to North Carolina for immediate needs to assist in recovery efforts. This is a beginning. We will continue to work with the Fed-eral agencies which that money will be directed to and then ultimately down to the State so that we can find out what additional needs are there. I think it is extraordinary that 8 weeks to the day, we were able to work together, get the support of the Mem-bers of this body, and get the support of the Appropriations Committee to at least begin the process. We have to help these North Carolinians get back to their normal lives. We have to put people back in their homes. We have to allow businesses to recover and bring people back in and let them go back to their daily lives and working. We are going to do it. We also need to help the farmers. There are thousands of acres of land that were affected by the floods. In some cases, the flooding was so exten-sive that these farms—many of them were already ready for next year’s crops. Some of them still have crops in the field, covered by sand and sedi-ment. They will need to be cleared. In other cases, there are washed-out bridges, and there are ditches and drainage areas that will all have to be cleared out so that we can get the ninth largest agriculture State in the Nation ready to produce crops next year. I know we will do it. I know we will do it because we have the support of this body, and we are going to be able to start sending that money and that desperately needed support to North Carolina. But in the coming weeks and months, we will also spend time fig-uring out what more we can do. In the meantime, I want to let everybody in North Carolina know that if they need help, they should contact my office. They can reach me online at tillis.senate.gov. We will do everything we can to help them recover and to get back to their daily lives. Again, I thank the Members of this body who have supported our efforts to provide this much-needed aid. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
DACA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to introduce the Senate to a young man I met last Friday. His name is Luke Hwang. Luke was born in Korea. His parents brought him to the United States when he was in the fifth grade. They took him to New Jersey. Luckily he had taken some classes in Korea and was able to speak English. He grew up in Palisades Park. He said: 
It didn’t take me long to adjust and as-similate because my elementary school of-fered bilingual classes. . . . This is the kind of America I have known and experienced— not just mundanely accepting diversity but going above and beyond to serve the unique needs of a diverse community. 
This is an amazing young man. He started off with a passion for science. He was accepted into the math and science magnet school called Bergen County Academies, ranked by News-week as one of the top five public high schools in the United States. At Bergen County Academies, Luke won several awards at regional science fairs. He volunteered as an emergency medical technician in the local ambulance corps as a high school kid. Because of his academic achieve-ments, Luke was accepted as a univer-sity scholar in the Macaulay Honors College at the City College of New York. In 2013 Luke graduated summa cum laude with a bachelor’s of science in chemistry. He received an award for the highest grade point average of any chemistry major in the school. This brilliant young man is currently a Ph.D. candidate in chemistry at the University of Chicago. He works as a researcher at the university. In his spare time, he volunteers for the Chi-cago Korean American Resource and Cultural Center, an organization that tries to help poor people in that com-munity. Here is the kicker: Luke is undocu-mented. He was brought to the United States in the fifth grade and turned out to be one of the smartest chemistry students in his high school, in his col-lege, and now in his graduate program. When I met him last Friday—he is a very quiet fellow—I said: What do you want to do, Luke? He said: I want to teach. That is what I would like to do, research and teach-ing. Well, here is the problem: He is un-documented. He is not legally in the United States of America. His family brought him here. They did not file the papers, or if they could have, they did not file the papers. Whatever the case, this young man grew up here in the United States, took advantage of the best schools in New Jersey, and now is going to one of the best universities in the United States and is destined to do great things in his life. Maybe he will teach. Maybe he will start a company. Maybe he will just come up with some breakthrough achievement in chem-istry that will change the lives of many people. What are we going to do with Luke Hwang? Well, there are 744,000 people just like him. These are young people who are undocumented, whom Presi-dent Obama gave a chance to stay here in the United States after they went through a criminal background check, after they paid their filing fee. He said: You can stay and study in the United States of America. We won’t deport you. You can travel to an-other country and come back without being arrested. You can work in this country if you wish. You have a work permit. There are 744,000 of them under what is called the DACA Program. Well, the new President says he is going to eliminate that program and eliminate the only thing that is keeping Luke Hwang in the United States; that is, the DACA Program protection against deportation. We can’t let that happen. Why would we do that to this young man who was brought here as a fifth grader? Why would we walk away from his talents? Why would we say: Despite all that you have achieved with the highest grade point average in chem-istry, America does not need you, Luke. Of course we need him and many more just like him. I am trying to find a way to give peo-ple like him a chance to stay in the United States without being deported, to continue their education in medical school, in law school, in graduate pro-grams, and in so many other different fields. Well, there was a breath of hope today. The President-elect was inter-viewed for Time magazine. Here is what he said about DREAMers and peo-ple like Luke: 
We’re going to work something out that’s going to make people happy and proud. They got brought here at a very young age, they’ve worked here, they’ve gone to school here. Some were good students. Some have wonderful jobs. And they’re in never-never land because they don’t know what’s going to happen. 
That statement by the President- elect gives me some hope that I can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.082 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6817 December 7, 2016 
give Luke some hope and others just like him. We can straighten out this immigra-tion system in this country, but let’s not do it at the expense of these young people. Let’s do our job, but in the meantime, let’s us protect them. Let’s let them continue their education. Let’s let them achieve what they want to achieve for themselves and for America. We will be a better nation for it. Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM and I are working on a bill. Whether you are for immigration reform or against immi-gration reform, join us in the basic proposition that we need to protect young people like this while we debate this important issue. I think that is the right to do. It is certainly the right thing to do for this young man. Some day, he is going to do something very important in this world. I would like to have it happen in the United States. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
REGULATORY REFORM  
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak on the need for regu-latory reform and also on the work that we have been doing and are doing in the Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Over-sight, of which I have had the great privilege to chair in the 114th Congress. I would be remiss if I did not also rec-ognize our ranking member from Mas-sachusetts, Senator M
ARKEY , for his contributions to our oversight efforts. As chairman, one of our main goals has been to conduct a thorough and systemic review of the regulatory proc-ess, focusing on the impacts of these regulations on citizens, businesses, and—most importantly—solutions to these problems. We have sought to make certain that Federal regulations are promulgated in a transparent, open process with adequate public participa-tion. Our subcommittee has held hear-ings conducting oversight on various aspects of the rulemaking process. This includes the adequacy of the science the agencies rely on when promul-gating regulations, the increasing number of unfunded mandates agencies impose on State and local govern-ments, the impact of lawsuits on the rulemaking process, and the impact these regulations have on small busi-nesses, State and local governments, and landowners. Since I began working in the Senate nearly 2 years ago, it has become in-creasingly clear that economic growth, American innovation, and job creation are being smothered by heavy-handed Federal regulations imposed by Wash-ington bureaucrats who think they know what is best for American fami-lies, States, local governments, and businesses. According to the American Action Forum, since 2009 this administration has finalized 2,973 regulations at a cost of $862.7 billion dollars as of today, De-cember 7. Of these, 179 regulations have come from the Environmental Protection Agency, costing American taxpayers $342.5 billion. Since writing this speech—or begin-ning to write it, about 1 week ago—10 more regulations have been finalized, with 5 of those coming from the EPA. EPA regulations alone make up nearly half of the cost of all the regulations fi-nalized in the last 7 years. As chairman of the EPW Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight, it has become clear to me that EPA is one of the most egregious government agencies in imposing burdensome Fed-eral regulations on citizens, States, and businesses. We have found a failure to review the most current and impor-tant science the Agency supposedly bases its regulations on. We have found that the sue-and-set-tle process utilized by special interest groups leads to a rushed and reckless rulemaking process that does not fol-low the proper regulatory process or allow for adequate public participation from those these rules will impact the most. Further, the EPA regularly fails to take into account how their regula-tions will impact States and shows lit-tle regard for how the States will use their limited resources to comply with these regulations, thereby issuing rules that impose Federal unfunded man-dates on States and local and tribal governments. From 2009 to 2015, the EPA issued a total of 19 rules that contained costly, unfunded mandates on State govern-ments. The Office of Management and Budg-et’s 2015 report to Congress estimated that Federal regulations and unfunded mandates cost States, cities, and the general public between $57 billion and $85 billion every single year. State and local governments are then required to enforce these misguided regulations that have been promulgated by Wash-ington bureaucrats who lack any un-derstanding of the real-world con-sequences of their regulations or the unique characteristics of the various States. Alarmingly, we have also found that the EPA regularly fails to conduct a thorough and accurate economic anal-ysis, which should provide an accurate representation of the cost their regula-tions will impose on taxpayers and businesses. This leads to grossly inaccurate eco-nomic analysis of regulations that af-fect huge swathes of the U.S. economy and thousands of U.S. businesses and American jobs. A 2014 report from the Government Accountability Office found that on multiple occasions and with major costly regulations, the EPA did not provide the public with an explanation of the economic information behind its decisionmaking, despite its obligations to do so. The U.S. Supreme Court recently issued the Michigan v. EPA decision, finding that the EPA unreasonably failed to consider costs when deciding to regulate mercury emissions from powerplants. This impacts the ability of our businesses to conduct business on a daily basis, to compete in a com-petitive global marketplace, and to employ Americans in steady, well-pay-ing jobs. Notably, small businesses make up 99.7 percent of U.S. employer firms. Federal agencies are required by law to examine the impact of their regula-tions and what it will have on small businesses. Throughout our oversight process, we found that the U.S. Small Business Administration Office of Ad-vocacy submitted comments to the EPA expressing concerns over a num-ber of recent rulemakings, such as the waters of the United States rule and the EPA’s greenhouse gas regulations. However, the EPA moved forward with these regulations with little to no regard for their impact on U.S. small businesses. They are the backbone of the U.S. economy. As a result, rather than creating jobs and focusing on growing their business, U.S. small businesses are forced to use limited resources to comply with a myriad of costly and burdensome regu-lations. This year alone, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals imposed a nationwide injunction on the waters of the United States rule, and the Supreme Court im-posed a nationwide stay on the Clean Power Plan. While I applaud these deci-sions, we should not be forced to rely on the courts to prevent such regula-tions from taking effect. I am also deeply troubled by the re-ports that the EPA and the Army Corps are illegally continuing to imple-ment the Waters of the United States rule despite the court’s nationwide stay. During our subcommittee field hear-ings in Rapid City, SD, earlier this year, we heard from several witnesses about the difficulty and confusion landowners are facing with regard to the waters of the United States. I am concerned that, if this continues, it may get to the point where the prop-erty that is the subject of these bur-densome regulations loses its value. Make no mistake. I understand that rules and regulations have a place in society. We all want clean air, clean water, and safe chemicals, but there is a better way to achieve this without imposing burdensome regulations. These flaws in the EPA’s rulemaking process have prevented agencies from making well-informed decisions. Even more troubling, the public, State and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.083 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6818 December 7, 2016 
local governments, and American busi-nesses are prevented from under-standing the need, basis for, and the real impact of regulations. This regulatory quagmire did not happen overnight. It comes from dec-ades of increased Federal bureaucracy, out-of-control spending, and Federal agencies not being held accountable for their actions. Similarly, we will not come to a solution overnight. It will take a serious bipartisan effort to move the ball forward to address this problem. Throughout this Congress, the goal of our subcommittee has been to unify and lead an effort to advance meaningful regulatory reform in Con-gress. We must make certain the regulatory process reflects transparency and sound science and is based on a real-istic economic foundation and mean-ingful public participation that con-siders the multitude of facets of the U.S. economy. With an ally in the White House next year who has committed to reducing burdensome regulations, I plan to con-tinue this effort throughout the next Congress and beyond. The success of the U.S. economy and the creation of American jobs depends on Congress making a concerted effort to take back their authority and rein in the rule-making process. I thank you, and I yield the floor. Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, if the Senator from South Dakota would re-scind his request to yield the floor, I would like to share one thought. First of all, I am honored to chair the committee of which you are a sub-committee chairman, and what a God-send the Senator from South Dakota has been, I have to say to my friend. I was concerned, with this last election coming along, with what might be hap-pening. I think people are aware of what has happened to our military. They are aware of what is happening with the debt going all the way up from $10.6 trillion to $20 trillion, the largest increase of all the Presidents, from George Washington, Bush 1, and Bush 2. My concern was that people wouldn’t realize what an impairment the over-regulation has been to our businesses in how we are no longer competitive. I think the Senator really struck the note here that it had a lot to do with the awareness of the public. The Senator knows how many hear-ings we had on the Clean Power Plan in our committee, and the Senator’s sub-committee. We actually had 10 hear-ings and we had three oversight re-ports. I have to say the liberals really like overregulation. Does the Senator know why? This is the question I want to ask the Senator because, generally, if you are of a liberal philosophy, you want to have as much control centered here in Washington, DC. However, when you get home and they get complaints about overregulation, what this is cost-ing them, they then say: Well, that is not the case now because I had nothing to do with it. That was the regulation. That is what we are in the midst of right now. I have a friend who is the head of the Oklahoma Farm Bureau who came to me and he said: Have you seen this doc-ument that we have? This is true in South Dakota as well as Oklahoma, that the major problem with the farm-ers in America today is not anything that is found in the agriculture bill, it is overregulation, primarily by the EPA. The Senator from South Dakota struck a nerve when he spoke about the waters bill, the Waters of the United States. My State is an arid State, but they know full well if the Federal Government can take away from States that jurisdiction of regu-lating water, what will happen in my State of Oklahoma? So I would ask my friend—I think a lot of what happened on November 8 has to do with overregulation, and I think we have devoted a lot of time to that. I would suspect the same thing is true in South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. I thank the Senator for the question. The answer is, yes, we have spent a lot of time not only be-cause it is critically a very important item to address—because in the United States today we spend over $1.9 trillion a year responding to the Federal regu-latory morass that we have. That is one-half of a trillion dollars more than what we pay in personal income taxes on April 15. For people who are producers and have to respond not only in terms of the cost of the regulations but in terms of requesting from a Federal agency the ability simply to mow the ditches, seems to me to be overreach that most people with common sense and the rest of America simply don’t think is nec-essary. Mr. INHOFE. And, too, I would say the wisdom of the statements brought out that if we stop and think about it, over half of the States had a lawsuit against the Clean Power Plan. That is 29 States. Of course, I am sure that had a lot to do with the U.S. Supreme Court putting a stay on this, and now of course we will have a different ad-ministration, but I guess maybe we missed the boat on that one. Overregulation has been the problem. People have not been as aware of that as they are of other problems. I think that had a lot to do with what hap-pened on November 8 and what is going to happen in the future, particularly in your subcommittee and my committee. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I appre-ciate those comments, and I appreciate the facts that the Senator is bringing out here. This is something that can-not be done overnight; it has to be done in a businesslike manner. The real challenge is to listen to the individuals who are impacted and to make reasonable regulations because we all want to make sure we have a clean America but also an America that can get back to business again employing people, putting them back to work. Then we can begin building the economy so we can afford to actu-ally provide for the next generation so they don’t have the problems we see right now with family income down over 6 percent in just the last 9 years. So this is a part of it. It is a signifi-cant part not just in the cost but in the impact on our economy as well. I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business, and I ask unanimous consent that our distinguished col-league from Colorado, Senator B
ENNET , follow my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAMILY FIRST LEGISLATION  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, right now, this evening, hundreds of thou-sands of vulnerable youngsters across America are living in foster care, sepa-rated from family and growing up in a constant struggle instead of in a loving home. For years, this body has worked on a bipartisan basis to come up with an alternative—we call it the Family First legislation—in order to give new hope to our youngsters. I am particularly grateful to Senator B
ENNET because he and I have teamed up on this with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, including Chair-man H
ATCH , KEVIN BRADY —the chair-man of the Ways and Means Com-mittee—and Congressman B
UCHANAN . We have had a bipartisan team working for this. Now, in the waning moments of this Congress, after the legislation passed the House unanimously, after there were a number of hearings in the Finance Committee, and after objec-tions were raised when we used the process in the Senate called the hotline to see if Senators had problems with this legislation and three indicated they had concerns, and we resolved all of them—yet it looks like this Senate is going to go home and end up con-tinuing a policy that causes so much pain to vulnerable children and their families. What our bipartisan bill would do is to say that for the first time, foster care dollars could be used to keep fami-lies together instead of ripping them apart. For example, if in a family a parent has bumped up against sub-stance abuse challenges or mental health services and a grandparent or an uncle would like to help out, that is ex-actly what could be done under our proposal. Now, over Thanksgiving—and I trun-cated the description of what happened into just a couple of sentences—over Thanksgiving, the Family First Act was included in the 21st Century Cures package. The legislation passed earlier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.084 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6819 December 7, 2016 
today. And all of us—Senator B ENNET , Chairman B
RADY —all of us said to-gether that it sure looks like we are on our way. After having months to come forward to work out concerns—and I will say to the distinguished Presiding Officer who has been kind enough to talk to me about this, we basically said that if a State is having problems meeting these kinds of opportunities—perhaps there aren’t enough families—well, we just give them more time. In effect, we would say: OK. You have made a good- faith effort, we will give you a bit more time. But still, at the last moment, there was opposition that swooped in— opposition that really hadn’t registered any specific concerns during those years and months in which we worked on this legislation. At the eleventh hour, the Family First Act was stripped out of the Cures package. That is why I voted no. By dropping Families First, the Sen-ate basically is sending a message today to the most vulnerable, ne-glected children in America that it is just fine with us if they just wait a lit-tle bit longer. They probably are say-ing: Well, where else do we look for help? By the way, there aren’t a lot of places because Chairman B
RADY , Chair-man B
UCHANAN , Congressman L EVIN, the other part of the Capitol, did a ter-rific job coming together. So when those families who have been neglected go looking for somebody else to help, when the House has done its job and the administration is with you, there is only the U.S. Senate. I am curious whether anybody is going to come here tonight and say they are not on the side of the neglected youngsters and families whom Senator B
ENNET and I want to stand up for. So I am going to just make a couple of additional comments and then turn this over to Senator B
ENNET . The Family First Act reaches out to the families who are struggling with addiction to opioids or other sub-stances, it helps with programs that fight child abuse and neglect, and it also makes it a special priority to set basic standards for foster care facili-ties and group homes. I want to empha-size that point just for a moment. Some troubled or abused youngsters have been through such severe trauma that they need the kind of help you can only get in a temporary, high-quality treatment facility. They are kids who are struggling with mental illnesses and behavioral problems, young people suffering from addiction, victims of sex trafficking. The support they need is unique and they need access to reliable care in a safe place. But these kinds of placements shouldn’t be a destination; they should really be an intervention. And when-ever we can, we need to make it pos-sible for the kids to have the oppor-tunity to reunite with kin or join a fos-ter or adoptive family. For the first time, our bill laid down a roadmap so youngsters don’t have to face the prospect of growing up in the kinds of struggling circumstances I have described. There would be stand-ards guided by the States and laid out to protect the kids. They would raise the bar for group homes and make sure the kids aren’t sent away and forgot-ten. In effect, the bill turns the system on its head. I think I shared that thought with the distinguished Pre-siding Officer. Instead of paying a dol-lar for families to be split up, the bill says let’s find a way to use that dollar to help the families stay together. Let’s see if the dollar can keep a youngster safe at home or with kin, where he or she is most likely to be healthy and happy and succeed in school. The bill has 28 bipartisan cosponsors in the Senate. I also want to thank Chairman GRASSLEY because he has been in our corner, along with Senator B
ENNET and Chairman H
ATCH , month after month after month. I hope we can work this out overnight so Families First can pass; if not tonight, in the morning. It is the right policy for vulnerable kids. It is the right policy for families, the right policy for taxpayers. What we are doing today isn’t helping vulnerable kids and families the way it ought to. Five hundred organizations, led by the pediatricians, nurse practitioners, the Catholic bishops, and the Chil-dren’s Defense Fund, all agree with our basic premise: try to find ways to keep families together and only look for something else where you have those extraordinary circumstances where you need another kind of care. The sta-tus quo is not working, and it seems to me we have a choice. We have a choice tonight and in the morning, with the 114th Congress wrapping up, closing the books, packing up, heading home for the holiday season—let’s make sure be-fore that wrap-up is finished that we haven’t forgotten vulnerable children and families. With that, I yield the floor. I note by virtue of unanimous con-sent that Senator B
ENNET has recogni-tion. He has been an invaluable col-league, a terrific member of the Fi-nance Committee, and I appreciate his leadership. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I will be brief. I want to thank Mr. W
YDEN , the Sen-ator from Oregon and the ranking member of the Finance Committee, for his leadership on this bill. I thank, as he did, Senator H
ATCH for his leader-ship on this bill and Senator G
RASSLEY  for his leadership on this bill. As the Senator from Oregon indi-cated, this bill passed unanimously in the House of Representatives. This bill passed with 500 groups supporting the bill from every geographic area in the United States. There are groups from Oregon. There are groups from Colo-rado. There are groups from the Pre-siding Officer’s State that have weighed in on this and said we should have this legislation passed. We have had testimony in the Finance Com-mittee from people who were foster children who came to the Congress to testify about what had gone wrong in their lives as a result of the system we have in place today, who still made the time to come here to advocate on be-half of children all over the country who are situated in the same way they once were. Now, because of a disagreement in the Senate, this bipartisan bill that passed the House unanimously, that has almost 30 cosponsors in the U.S. Senate, a bill that was supported uni-versally by the testimony we had in the Finance Committee, somehow can’t get done before we leave for the holi-days. That would be a terrible shame, a terrible stain on this Senate. Tonight there are 50,000 children in Colorado who are in foster care. There are over 650,000 children in the United States of America. What we have heard from them, what we have heard from their advocates, what we have heard from people who serve them—Repub-licans and Democrats alike—is that the institutional settings that too many of them are consigned to because of the way the law is written today is not the best thing for foster children; that fam-ilies who can support them and who can nurture them, when they get the benefit of some help, are a far better place for foster children to be than these institutions. When it comes to drug addiction, when it comes to grad-uation rates from high school, when it comes to attending college—all of these things are affected by the way the current law exists. The Presiding Officer may know that half of the cases of foster children in the United States are related, one way or another, to the scourge of opium ad-diction that is happening in the United States. This bill allows us to recognize that. It allows the people who serve the children and the families best to be able to intervene in a way that can keep the families together longer. What we know from the testimony in the hearings is that is the best thing for foster kids, it is the best thing for our States, and it is the best thing for the country. So I join my colleague from Oregon in saying we should not go home with this unresolved. We should not go home, with the kind of momentum that exists for this bill inside the Con-gress and, much more important than that, outside the Congress, without having addressed this vulnerable popu-lation of people who live in the United States. It is my fervent hope that we in the Senate will find a way to come to our senses and do our job, just as the peo-ple who came here to testify did their job, expecting that the U.S. Congress would respond to their description of their life experience, and what went wrong in a foster care setting has been established by the U.S. Congress. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.086 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6820 December 7, 2016 
up to us to fix it, and that is what we can do tonight or tomorrow morning, I hope, at the very latest. With that, Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Oregon for his leader-ship on this bill. I thank, once again, the thoughtful chairman of the Fi-nance Committee, O
RRIN HATCH from Utah, for his leadership on this bill, and I hope over the next 12 or 24 hours we find a way to get this through the Senate. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PEARL HARBOR DAY AND FOREIGN POLICY  
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, on this Pearl Harbor Day, we should learn the lessons of the past and seize new oppor-tunities for America and Asia and be-yond. The great lesson of Pearl Har-bor—and more broadly World War II— was America’s commitment to utterly defeat our enemies by whatever means necessary and then, when victory was secure, to bring them back into the community of civilized nations. It was an extraordinary achievement. To think that if, on December 7, 1941, I were to tell you that Japan would be, on December 7, 2016, a staunchly demo-cratic ally, a vital security and eco-nomic partner to the United States, you would have said that I was barking mad. Here we are, three-quarters of a cen-tury later, and the day of infamy has become a day of remembrance, reflec-tion, and above all gratitude—grati-tude for that greatest of generations who answered the call to service after Pearl Harbor, who stood staunchly with our allies, looked the evil of the axis squarely in the eyes, and saved the free world. They are leaving us now, making it all the more important that we assure each and every one of them of our boundless thanks while we still can. Indeed, I would encourage each and every one of us to thank every vet-eran we know, every veteran we en-counter, every man and woman serving this country who risks their lives to keep us safe. We can also find much to be thankful for today as what had seemed unthink-able has come to pass. A nation that brutally attacked us 75 years ago today can now be a great and good friend. It is a tribute to both the Japanese and the American people that we have been able to not ignore or whitewash the past but to learn from it and come to the understanding that we are so much stronger as allies than as adversaries. As a Texan, I am personally appre-ciative of the fruits of this alliance. We host a range of Japanese companies who have invested in our State, with Toyota, for example, building its new North American headquarters in Plano this year and creating some 4,000 new jobs, all in Texas. Also this year, the Lockheed Martin plant in Fort Worth has started to produce the F–35s that Japan is purchasing to bolster its de-fenses against increasing regional ag-gression from China and North Korea. So against all odds, the attack on Pearl Harbor has been transformed, and as we face great challenges around the world, and particularly in Asia, we can be grateful today to have our Japa-nese friends standing by our side, which is yet another lesson from the post-World War II era to be on the lookout not just for challenges and dangers but for unexpected opportuni-ties. We might be forgiven as we con-tend with hostile nations with nuclear capability or intent—nations such as North Korea or Iran—to see a glass half empty and become consumed with fears of another Pearl Harbor-like attack po-tentially so much more catastrophic and deadly than the one in 1941. That would be a mistake. As with some of the fortitude our parents and grandparents showed, we can now count new allies as our partners, not just Japan but also—and equally stun-ningly—Germany. The list does not end there. We have Israel, which had yet to be born in 1941, not to mention the eastern and central European countries that languished so long under Soviet domination but now are helping build enduring democracies, many of which have joined NATO. That is simply amazing. If I had told you even 30 years ago that there would be a Czech Republic or a Republic of Poland that would be key NATO allies, I would have again been met with well- founded skepticism. But they are, and as we look forward to a new American administration, it is my hope that we can get off on a much better foot than the last one did in the region when they canceled the missile defense in-stallations intended for those coun-tries, squandering an opportunity to link them more closely to us. I have to say I am encouraged in this department by the activities of the President-elect, particularly in terms of the congratulatory phone call he re-ceived last week from the President of the Republic of China, Tsai Ing-wen. The liberal foreign policy elites were, of course, shocked and appalled. How, they wonder, could the President-elect have committed such an appalling gaff? Wasn’t he aware we had degraded our relationship with Taiwan for more than 35 years and no longer recognized this friendly, prosperous, and demo-cratic country as a nation state? Compounding their consternation was the concern that the People’s Republic of China might not like it. Quelle horreur. The Chinese might not like it. Now, to be fair, given the flaming train wreck that is the Obama foreign policy writ large, our relationship with the PRC is, by comparison, a bright spot. All they have done is throw Mr. Obama’s successor as Nobel Peace lau-reate, Liu Xiaobo, into prison, con-structed 3,000 acres of weaponized arti-ficial islands in the middle of one of the world’s busiest shipping lanes, and utterly failed to contain North Korea, while dismantling the last vestiges of freedom in Hong Kong. Even so, I don’t think our President-elect needs to clear his phone calls with Beijing. The phone call between President Tsai and the new American President was, in fact, an acknowledgement of a simple truth: that Taiwan has become an im-portant friend to the United States, even after Jimmy Carter downgraded them in 1979 in acknowledgement of the ‘‘One China’’ policy the elites are so eager to perpetuate. That is another thing. Just because a policy is old doesn’t make it sac-rosanct. I don’t think anyone here can honestly say our relations with the PRC is so fantastic that we shouldn’t do anything to rock the boat. I don’t think the Carter-era foreign policy was such a success that we should unques-tionably continue it. I hope the President-elect continues to make clear that while he under-stands the importance of China and looks forward to a positive relationship with Beijing, he is not going to ignore our friends in the region. The call between President Tsai and the President-elect reminded me of an-other phone call which took place in September of 2013. At the end of that year’s United Nations General Assem-bly in New York, while driving to the airport, the new President of the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, Hasan Ruhani, took out his cell phone and called President Obama. The Obama adminis-tration was in a tizzy of excitement over Mr. Ruhani’s election, as they be-lieved him to be a ‘‘moderate’’ who would be a good-faith partner in their planned and hoped-for negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program. Even at this early day, the signs were not promising. Despite Mr. Obama’s offers, President Ruhani had refused to have a face-to-face meeting at the United Na-tions, opting for a call instead. There were no preconditions placed on this first direct exchange between an Ira-nian and American leader since 1979, such as, say, demanding that the Ira-nians release their American hostages and acknowledging Israel’s right to exist—steps that would have indicated a fundamental shift in Iran’s virulent hostility to the United States and our allies and suggested we were truly on a new path. We all know what has happened over the last 3 years as the Obama adminis-tration made concession after conces-sion to get a deal—any deal—with Tehran. Even as Iranian belligerence and hostility had grown, as they have tested ballistic missiles, violated the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, detained our citizens, and repeatedly threatened to wipe Israel off the map, Mr. Obama has over and over again proffered his hand in friendship, even sending them $1.7 billion in cash as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.087 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6821 December 7, 2016 
sweetener, all of which may well re-sult, as I said earlier, in a terrible threat to the United States that could dwarf Pearl Harbor. In closing, I want to leave you with a message of hope. Our friendship with Japan, as well as Germany, Israel, the Czech Republic, and Poland, makes me hopeful. There is a discrete reason these nations are now aligned allies: the persistence and resolve of Amer-ican leadership—leadership to discern moral from immoral, freedom from tyranny, right from wrong, life from death, and then to fight for the right. Such leadership has been sorely lack-ing in the past 8 years. Yet the past month affords ample reason for hope. Quite frankly, I think talking to President Tsai and not to President Ruhani was a material improvement for the national security interests of the United States, and it demonstrates renewed resolve to once more assume the mantle of leadership. That is enough to make all of us hopeful. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 5456 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, in a mo-ment, I am going to ask unanimous consent to pass the bipartisan Family First Act, to help the hundreds of thou-sands of vulnerable children and their parents stay together and make the biggest improvement in child welfare policy in decades and decades in Amer-ica. Right now, Federal policy says tax-payer money can be used to split fami-lies apart and uproot the family home. With Families First, our bipartisan bill, terrific work has been done by so many Members on both sides of the aisle. Senator B
ENNET was here and gave an eloquent address about how important this is. With Chairman H
ATCH , Chairman G RASSLEY , and Chair-man B
RADY , this has been a bipartisan effort for months for a number of Mem-bers for close to 3 years. With our reform, the Family First bill, families will finally see that they will get some assistance to stay to-gether and stay together when it is safe to do so. If a parent can get a leg up with some help if they face a drug addiction or a mental health problem, everybody wins because the family stays together. A grandparent can step in. One of the things I am proudest of is that I wrote the kinship care law as part of welfare reform when I was a new Member of this body. So we know that there are hundreds of thousands of grandparents out there who could step in in those situations, or an uncle, and they could get a little bit of help raising a young-ster, again, keeping the family to-gether. Sometimes foster care is lifesaving. I think all of us have said that from the beginning. But it should not be the only option. That is what kids who have been in the foster care system came to the Senate this week to tell us. It is our job as policymakers to pro-tect the most vulnerable. Those kids don’t have a powerful lobby. They don’t have deep pockets. It just seems to me, as we wrap up this session and everyone here goes back to their families and their holi-days, that it is not in good conscience to turn our backs on the foster kids and allow this important bipartisan legislation to wither and to die in the last days of the 114th Congress. So in a moment I will make this unanimous consent request. I ask that our colleagues end this standing in the way of providing a new measure of hope for vulnerable kids and their fam-ilies and that we help lift the weight of this broken status quo—this broken status quo that falls heaviest on the hundreds of thousands of foster kids living in a quiet struggle every single day. So at this time, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of Calendar No. 527, H.R. 5456; that the Wyden sub-stitute amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no interviewing action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I was wondering if I could direct a question through the Chair to the Senator from West Vir-ginia. I was curious as to whether or not the good Senator, my friend and colleague, intends to object to this measure. Mr. MANCHIN. To this measure? No, sir. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I actually think Senator WYDEN has done some good work on this measure. I hope that we can get to a point where we can bridge the gap and address some con-cerns that some of the Members have in States that are concerned with unin-tended consequences. But at this time, and for reasons unrelated to this meas-ure but to our inability to get other unanimous consents through, I am going to have to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I will be very brief. As I have indicated to our colleague from North Carolina—and he is new to the Senate—he really brings a refreshing openness to these debates. I know this was a new topic for him. He has not had a chance to hear a lot about it over the last few years. He was concerned about what this would mean to group facilities and group homes in his State. I said: Look, if there is a problem in North Carolina in terms of trying to meet these measures, we said we will give States more time. We will give them more flexibility. I would just like to point out that there seems to be enormous support across North Caro-lina with respect to this bill because in North Carolina they seem to be saying that they understand that what this legislation is all about—what Family First is all about—is just getting high- quality care for these youngsters. All of the providers would be eligible. It does not speak to the type of pro-vider. It is all the providers. So I am just going to wrap up by a few quotes that came into the Finance Committee over the course of this legislation. From the North Carolina Association of County Directors of Social Services, which, as I understand, is the associa-tion of entities that administer child welfare programs in the State of North Carolina supports the legislation, we have a letter that reads: ‘‘We go on record as supporting the act and re-spectfully request your support in pass-ing this important legislation.’’ The North Carolina Association of Social Workers supports the bill. They wrote: ‘‘The legislation would strengthen families so that more chil-dren could remain safely with their parents and family caregivers and avoid the need for foster care.’’ For the overwhelming majority of children, this North Carolina group says: This legislation could be a lifesaver. The North Carolina Pediatric Society writes: The bill is a pivotal opportunity for a major Federal policy shift away from placing children in out-of-home care and toward keeping families together. Congregate care remains one of the options on the con-tinuum, and the bill doesn’t impose time limits or restrictions on the use of these set-tings for children who need them. But the focus is on keeping families together. The only changes this bill makes for congregate care providers is raising the standards for quality so that all children-needs settings benefit from the therapeutic value of the best providers, of which we have several in North Carolina. 
So the Children’s Home Society of North Carolina, Children’s Hope Alli-ance, the Exchange Family Center, Family Preservation Community Serv-ices, and FIRST North Carolina—a number of groups, all based there and serving in North Carolina citizens— have come out for this. So I recognize that there has been an objection. It is my intention to keep working through the night, through the early part of tomorrow. I appre-ciate that this Senator from North Carolina has kept an open mind on this. He has indicated in our conversa-tions that he understands that there is a lot of good in this bill, and for the reasons he has stated, he cannot sup-port it tonight and I gather reasons un-related to the bill. I look forward to working with him. He has come to the Senate fairly re-cently, but I have found him open and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.089 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6822 December 7, 2016 
accessible. That is all you can ask of a colleague. With that I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the comments of the Senator from Oregon. I may be new to the Sen-ate, but I am not new to North Caro-lina. I was speaker of the house for 4 years, and I worked with a lot of the agencies that the Senator from Oregon referenced. But the fact of the matter is that the first time I heard that these agencies supported the bill was about 90 seconds ago. This has not been fully vetted in the Senate. It sounds like it has a lot of merit, but even having said that, this is not why I am objecting to the bill. I am objecting at this time, in large part, because of a number of other ob-jections we are receiving that are not allowing things that would otherwise move through unanimous consent. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2912 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, on that note, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 2912, the Trickett Wendler Right to Try Act of 2016, and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. I ask unani-mous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I will continue to object to any unanimous consent on legislation until the CR includes a per-manent long-term solution for our miners’ health care, as included in the Miners Protection Act, S. 3470. So this is something that we have been talking about and working on for 2 years. That is all we have asked: Ful-fill our promises as those representa-tive of people who have given every-thing. So I will have to object for these reasons. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I appre-ciate that, but the reason I directed the question about the objection to the motion of the Senator from Oregon is that there seems to be maybe selective application of a strategy that the Sen-ator from West Virginia is trying to do to get a measure passed. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 3084 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, if I may move on. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 695, S. 3084, the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act. I further ask that the committee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn, the Gardner substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, we have heard a lot of talk during the election, since the election about communities like my hometown of Mansfield, OH, not far from where the Presiding Officer grew up—communities that have been ig-nored by their representatives in Wash-ington. A lot of politicians responded during the election, since the election. They pledged to do better. This is our chance to actually show that we mean it—with the work that Senator MANCHIN has done, and Senator C
ASEY , Senator W
ARNER , Senator P ORTMAN in my State, a Republican, and Senator D
ON-
NELLY of Indiana—simply to take care of these mine workers. Senator M
ANCHIN has been on this floor, as I have—but he has been on this floor even more times—talking about taking care of those mine work-ers, living up to the promise that Harry Truman made, extending their health insurance. Instead, the only offer we have had from the majority leader, the one per-son—Senator T
ILLIS is not standing in the way. Senator S
ULLIVAN is not standing in the way. It is one Senator— the majority leader. For whatever rea-son he does not like the United Mine Workers union. I don’t really care about what he thinks about the union. I support the union. But I care about these workers. What they proposed is a 4-month extension, which means these workers, these wid-ows, these retired workers got a notice back in the last couple of weeks saying they were going to lose their health care. We do 4 months, and they will get another notice—Senator M
ANCHIN , right?—in January. We are going to make these retired mine workers, these widows who saw their husbands die from an accident in a mine or died from black lung disease or died from heart diseases every 3 months get another notice and then say: Well, we will extend it for 4 months. No, we have to make sure that we provide them—this is not giving them—the health insurance they have earned. It is the right thing to do. It is the moral thing to do. For one Senator, who happens to be from Kentucky, of all places, who happens to also be the majority leader, to stand in the way— Senator W
YDEN is on my committee and Senator H
ATCH , Senator P ORTMAN , Senator T
OOMEY . We passed 18-to-8 a bipartisan bill to move forward on this and do this right. Senator M
CCONNELL asked to go through regular order. We have to do this right. Yet we are going to go home for Christmas. We are going to go home for the holidays. Whether you celebrate Christmas or not, we are going home for the holidays. We are going to have fun with our families. These widows, these retired miners, well, it is not so much fun with their families because they don’t know when their health insurance is going to run out. Mr. President, we need to do this. We need to do it right. We need to do it today or tomorrow. We have no busi-ness going home before that. For these reasons, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the comments of the Senator from Ohio. I believe, if I have the facts correct, that it was the majority leader who pushed for the patch into the CR. I am not quite sure I agree with some of the specifics that were put forth by the distinguished Senator from Ohio, but I would like to move on. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2763 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 654, S. 2763, the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016, with a committee-reported substitute amendment. I further ask that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, I rise today to discuss a crisis facing 16,000 retired coal miners and widows across the country. We made promises. Roughly 1,000 of these people are in my State. These retirees will lose their health in-surance at the end of this year unless Congress acts. My colleagues, Senators M
ANCHIN , B
ROWN , CASEY , and W ARNER have spo-ken on this topic, and together, along with a larger bipartisan group, we pushed for months for the passage of the Miners Protection Act to guar-antee pension and health benefits to hundreds of thousands of retirees. We have a responsibility to enact this legislation to ensure that the Fed-eral Government makes good on its promise—its promise to the miners. It wasn’t a suggestion. It was a promise to these people who risked their lives to help our country meet our energy needs. In fact, many of us stood here together in June calling for action be-fore it was too late. Well, now it is almost too late. While Congress is in a rush to get out of town, those 16,000 retirees are des-perate for help. Their health needs are not dependent on our schedule. Their desire to be able to stay alive shouldn’t be subject to our desire to leave town. They are praying this legislation is en-acted so the health insurance is still there next month when they still need it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.098 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6823 December 7, 2016 
It is inexcusable. It is beyond dis-appointing to learn that the bill we are set to consider to keep the Federal Government running includes only a scaled-down provision for our miners. Rather than guarantee the promised benefits, leadership chose only to in-clude the bear minimum of a 4-month extension of health coverage through April without addressing the pension concerns. I have seen leadership. That is not it. I will repeat once again: 16,000 mining retirees, 1,000 from Indiana, will lose their health coverage in 3 weeks unless Congress acts. For the health and the financial security of thousands of fami-lies, immediate attention is required. Kicking the can down the road for 4 months has never been a solution. En-rollment periods for other health plans end this week and next. These retirees are watching us closely and are already in the process of making painful and costly decisions. This is about life and death for thou-sands of retirees across the country right now. They are praying that we will stand up and keep our word. We made a promise. The United States made a promise to our citizens, to our coal miners. The provision in the spending bill does not come close to meeting that promise that was made. I urge the Senate to act immediately to consider a stronger measure that ad-dresses this crisis facing thousands of retirees in my State and in so many other States across the country. These are not just numbers. These are our citizens. These are the people we rep-resent. These are the people who dug the coal to keep the lights on in this building. Their ancestors dug the coal that helped win the war in World War II. We made a promise, and here we stand making a decision whether it will be kept or whether it will not. This is about who we are as a country and who we are as Senators. Do we honor the word of the people before us? Do we honor the coal miners with black lung, with broken kneecaps, with broken shoulders, with widows who are wondering if they are going to be able to make it alone? I will continue to object to any unan-imous consent request or legislation until the CR includes a permanent long-term solution for our miners’ health care as included in the Miners Protection Act, S. 3470. Therefore, Mr. President, for these reasons, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, let me di-rect a question through the Chair to the Senator from Indiana. I don’t believe the Senator was in at the time that the Senator from Oregon offered his motion. Would the Senator have objected to that motion—Senator W
YDEN ’s motion? Mr. DONNELLY. I was not here to listen to what he said. I was elsewhere. So I cannot answer the question be-cause I didn’t hear what the Senator had to say. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 3364 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 3364, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to accept the donation of facilities and related improvements for use by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I would like to explain why we are here and what is really happening, so people have a good grasp of things. First of all, the Miners Protection Act—this protection act basically goes back to a commitment, a promise, and a transaction that we have done in Congress in 1946, under President Harry Truman. It is the Krug act. Basically, it was said that from that day forward, we are basically taking certain amounts of money from all the coal that is mined. This is not public funds. We are not asking for public funds. If we had done what we were supposed to do, we would have taken that money and put that money in the funds for the miners’ protection of their health and their pension. They had nothing before that. They are the ones who basically gave us the energy that we had to win two world wars and become the super power of the West. All they asked for was that. It wasn’t guaranteed by tax-payers going to pay it. It was going to come from the coal that was mined. Now this same Congress comes back 20, 30 years later, and we changed the bankruptcy laws to allow companies now to declare bankruptcy and to shed their legacy costs. They don’t have to pay it no more. So we are caught. Every promise we made now is this: Oh, I am sorry; we can’t pay you. So we did step in. We stepped in a couple of times—in 1993, in 2006. Con-gress has basically a history with this piece of legislation. So we are working now to shore it up. AML means abandoned mine lands. That is money that goes from every kind of coal into a reclamation fund that takes care of any reclamation that is needed from the mining process. As you are putting the mines back or putting the environment back and tak-ing the environment and putting the land back, that money would be used for that. If there was not much rec-lamation or if that money accumu-lated, then we have a surplus. We have only asked for the surplus. So we were all on the same page, and we have been negotiating back and forth. This is 2 years ago and up until present. We have been negotiating back and forth, up to 2 weeks ago. Two weeks ago we were told, and I have had good, honest, upfront negotiations with the majority leader. He said: I just don’t think the pension is going to fly this year. I said: I understand it. I am still going to work my tail off for this thing. I had to tell all the widows and all the people whom we represent—16,300 who were notified in October. They have to give a 90-day notification that you are going to lose your health care benefits. They gave that notification in October for December 31. That hap-pened. I had to tell them now that we are not going to get the pension this year. We are doing everything we can, but I am almost positive we are going to get the health care because I was told we were going to get the health care. Not until 2 days ago did I have any inkling that now, all of a sudden— I am not blaming my colleagues here— the House said: Oh, I am sorry. We are only going to do an extension for the CR—the same extension for the health care. I know that my colleagues would agree with this. Let’s say it was your aunt or your grandmother or a retired person basically being paid those bene-fits. They were told in October. Now we are supposed to accept this CR coming over with this language that says: Ok, now let’s tell Mrs. Smith again. We are basically going to say: OK, we gave you a 4-month extension, but we are going to notify you again in January that you are going to lose it again in April. They don’t even have time to work with the deductibles to get any insur-ance—nothing. Let me tell you how they were going to pay for it. This is what came from the House—not my colleagues here but from the House. The House says: OK, we are going to take $47 million from the VEVA transfers. VEVA was money that was set aside for other bank-ruptcies. These were bankruptcies that were basically going to give people who were retired under those bankruptcies at least health care coverage until June. Those same people are going to lose theirs because it is going to take their money and they are going to lose theirs also. It is almost incomprehen-sible that they would give us some-thing like this and think it is some-thing we could do. We got a bipartisan agreement here on this side, and we can’t get just a consideration from our colleagues over in the House. So I just can’t explain it. I can’t go home and explain this. We are walking out of here, trying to get out this weekend because everybody wants to go home. That is wonderful. The only thing we have this time cer-tain is December 31. They know they are going to lose everything—their health care benefits. It is in doubt that they will have their pensions taken care of, and we won’t stay here because it is too much of an inconvenience. That is why we are prepared. We are going to stay. If they want to stay through Christmas, fine—through the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.100 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6824 December 7, 2016 
New Year, fine. I think that they think: I know everybody wants to go home; so I am sure everybody will fold their hands and leave. I want to thank all of you and all of my colleagues for jumping up here be-cause you all have been helping us. They just have to get the message that we are sincere about helping these peo-ple. Everybody is standing for the work-ing person. Every campaign ad I saw this year said: We are all for the work-ing man and the working woman. Well, you got a chance to prove it right now. You got a chance to show that I am for you, that I respect what you did, what your husband did, what your family has done for the country, and I am try-ing to help you. What we are asking for is to give us a permanent long-term solution for the miners, included in the Miners Protec-tion Act that we have been working on for so long, S. 3470. Reluctantly, there-fore, for these reasons, I have to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. TILLIS. Objection? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. The Senator from West Virginia, I believe, is trying to make a compelling argument. I understand that he feels very strongly about this. We feel very strongly about a number of these mo-tions I am going to continue to make and hopefully not get objection. Mr. President, I do want to remind the Senator from West Virginia that it was the majority leader who worked to at least get the patch in the CR, and like so many things around here, we wish we were working on longer hori-zons, but that seems to be the chal-lenge we have to deal with and that we will have to deal with in the waning days of this session. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 1831 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on the Judici-ary be discharged from further consid-eration of S. 1831, the Preventing Ani-mal Cruelty and Torture Act, and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration; further, that the Toomey substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Is there objection? The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I am a bit incred-ulous. I like the Senator from North Carolina. We sit across from each other in the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. We have done at least 2 or 3 bills that reached the President’s desk and were signed into law together. But I think my Republican friends are kind of missing the point here—to give the majority leader credit for fix-ing this when, No. 1, he wouldn’t do it, he wouldn’t do it, he wouldn’t do it, he wouldn’t do it. Senator MANCHIN has asked him for weeks and months and months to take care of the pension and the health insurance, and the majority leader refused month after month after month. The majority leader said: I need you to do several things. We need you to follow regular order. We did. We went through the Finance Committee, 18 to 8. Senator H
ATCH , the chairman, helped us. Senator W
YDEN , the ranking mem-ber, was one of the strongest sup-porters, joined by Senators C
ASEY and W
ARNER , Finance Committee members who represent a lot of mine workers. The Senate majority leader then said: You have to find a way to pay for it. We did it. We found a way to pay for it. It comes from the abandoned mine fund. There are no tax dollars involved in this. The majority leader still wouldn’t do anything. So finally, Senator M
ANCHIN comes to the floor, I come to the floor, Sen-ator C
ASEY comes to the floor, and Senator W
ARNER comes to the floor over and over, and we say we are not going to agree to anything until you take care of these pensioners, until you take care of these miners’ widows. Then, out of the goodness of the major-ity leader’s heart, he gives these min-ers—these retired miners and widows— 4 months. What does 4 months mean? It means that these widows and min-ers—these retired miners and widows got a notice in the last couple of weeks saying their insurance will expire De-cember 31. If we agree to the majority leader’s bountiful offer, then they will get another notice in January or Feb-ruary saying: Oh, it is going to run out again in 4 months. What is really interesting around here is, I hear Republican Senators day after day after day—whether it is the Affordable Care Act, whether it is Dodd-Frank—say: All we want is pre-dictability. We want to be able to plan. Businesses can’t produce jobs, can’t create jobs, unless we have a path for-ward, unless we can predict what will happen, unless we can have some cer-tainty. That is all right for corporate Amer-ica. They want certainty. Corporate America wants to be able to plan. But it is not all right for mine workers’ widows? It is OK to jack them around— pardon my language—it is OK for them to stumble around every 4 months and we renew their pensions, we renew their health care? Really. This is so easy. Give us a year, and then we will be back next year and we will work on this. But, as Senator M
ANCHIN said, for us to go home for Christmas—whether or not you cele-brate Christmas—and be with our fami-lies, which I really want to do—I have five grandchildren. I can’t wait to get to spend time with them in the next 3 weeks. But we have to do our job. If we don’t do it tonight, then we are going to be here tomorrow. If we don’t do it tomorrow, we are going to be here the next day. If we don’t do it at the end of this week, we are going to be here next week because we are not leaving. We are going to stay here as long as we need to, even if it means a session on Christmas Day, in order to get these retirees and their widows the pensions and the health care that they earned, not a little 4-month bump. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, earlier the distinguished Senator from Oregon said he recognizes that I am new to the Senate and there may be something different between what we would call a blanket position in the North Carolina House and a blanket position here. Mr. President, I want to ask a ques-tion of the distinguished Senator from Ohio. I might add that I appreciate the kind comments that I think you were recently reported as saying. We are working together on veterans issues, and I look forward to continuing to work for you. Mr. President, I would ask the Sen-ator from Ohio, if he was in the Cham-ber at the time of the motion offered by Senator WYDEN , would he have been prepared to object to that motion being consistent with the position that they are having blanket objections to all motions? Mr. BROWN. Mr. President—Senator T
ILLIS , I heard the tail end of it. I was in the cloakroom trying to find out ex-actly what the parliamentary proce-dure was going be on this. I would be willing to say yes to a lot of these once we take care of the mine workers. This is a wide-open forum. Let’s take care of the mine workers, and then we can consider each of these other bills. But none of these bills has the immediacy of thousands of mine workers, retirees, and their widows in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, and Indi-ana. None of them have the immediacy of these mine workers’ health care being cut off December 31. These are important public initia-tives. I can’t think of anything that we are considering—I mean, I really want to get ‘‘Buy American’’ in the WRDA bill. We had it in the Senate bill. It was bipartisan. Speaker R
YAN—even though we tweeted the President-elect of the United States asking him to weigh in on ‘‘Buy American,’’ saving thousands of dollars in Coshocton, OH, in Wheel-ing, and in other places all over this country, we couldn’t get any response to that. I want to see us do that. I would like to stay and do that, but the immediate question is, How do we pro-tect these miners and retirees and how do we protect these widows and wid-owers, for that matter, make sure their health care is protected? That is the fundamental question. I am willing to do a whole lot of other things. Do this first, and then the floor is open to do other things. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.101 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6825 December 7, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 3286 
Mr. TILLIS. In a moment, I will be making another unanimous consent re-quest. I will give a classic example of the kinds of things I wish we could get done before we leave here. The unanimous consent request I am about to make would encourage effec-tive, voluntary private sector invest-ments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the U.S. military, with annual Presidential awards to private sector employers rec-ognizing such efforts for their pur-poses. This is an example of something that right now, today, without objection, we can get through. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of H.R. 3286, a bill to encourage effective, voluntary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the U.S. military, with annual Presidential awards to pri-vate sector employers recognizing such efforts, which was received from the House. I further ask consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, first, I say to my good friend from North Carolina, Mr. T
ILLIS , I have been in the Senate for 6 years, so I have never used this procedure—never believed it, never thought I would have to, never thought anything would be so direly needed that I would even have to stand here and object to all the good things we both have worked on. I have so many good things on my side that I am not moving right now, and you have so many great things on your side that I would love to help you with. But, sir, if you were in my position— let me go a little bit further because I don’t think maybe I made it. If you want to add insult to injury to what has happened to our retired miners and all the people dependent on their health care benefits, the $47 million that I told you they transferred—that is what they are going the pay for from the House, the VEBA—basically takes it from other bankrupt funds that were set aside. They are going to do that, and when all is said and done—and it has even been scored that Medicaid and Medicare would save so much because now they are paying for it out of the miners health care fund, and they are not going to have to. But on top of that, from the $47 million they took, they are going to make $2 million prof-it returned back to the Treasury. They are going to take $2 million from money set aside to pay—that the bank-ruptcy courts put aside to pay miners because they will lose their health care by June. Now they are going to lose it by April, by this provision that has been passed by the House. And on top of that, they will have $2 million in surplus. I had a lady call me today. She said: You know, Senator MANCHIN , where I come from, they call that theft. They call that theft. And why would you all let them do that? If they don’t do any-thing, some of our miners are, till June—16,000 of us lose. We don’t want to punish them, but now you are pun-ishing them. You are punishing them an extra 3 months. Why would you all do that? I am not sure they really realize it on the other side. Like I said, I am not at our col-leagues here, my friends and Repub-lican colleagues I have here, but why would the House send that to you, and why would you all accept it? That is all we are asking for. We can all gather forces here and send a large message to them that we are not going to do this until they come to their senses and take care of the miners’ health care benefits. You know what. We can come back. We can let all of this—all of our UCs that have been worked on and that I think are so needed can go right through, we can all go home, and hope-fully our miners know they have health care, we know we have done a lot of good for a lot of people, and hopefully everyone will have a better Christmas. So all I am asking for— until the CR includes that permanent, long term, I am going to have to ob-ject. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from North Carolina. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —SENATE  
RESOLUTION  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of a Senate resolution at the desk designating December 17, 2016, as ‘‘Wreaths Across America Day,’’ sub-mitted earlier today. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I reserve the right to object. We can keep doing this. I think it is very clear what Sen-ator M
ANCHIN and I are asking for. We are not asking for anything unusual; we are asking for the Senate to honor the pledge made by President Truman more or less seven decades ago to take care of the health care that mine work-ers earned. Don’t ever forget, we all work around here. We wear coats and ties, and our work might be stressful, sort of, but we are not likely risking our lives, we are not likely picking up occupational dis-eases from the work we do. But we are saying to these widows and mine work-ers and retired mine workers that I guess you don’t matter very much be-cause we are going to have our Christ-mas vacation and you are going to have to worry about your health care. Their health care runs out December 31. Senator MCCONNELL , finally, after great pressure from constituents and mine workers and us, finally said he would give us 4 months. You can’t run your life not knowing your health in-surance is going to run out in 4 months or 8 months or 3 months. So we shouldn’t keep repeating our-selves, but Senator T
ILLIS keeps bring-ing up one issue after another. We are going to keep saying no until we get in this bill much more time for this health care for these retired mine workers and their families and their widows. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I just want to be clear that my friend from West Virginia, whom I actually con-sider to be one of my favorites, to be honest with you, since I have been here—I have loved serving with him on committees, and I serve with him on the Senate Armed Services Committee and Veterans’ Affairs. I asked the Sen-ator from West Virginia if he would have objected to the motion set forth by the Senator from Oregon, Mr. W
YDEN , and the answer was no. So we have an inconsistency here. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —SENATE  
RESOLUTION  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of a Senate resolution at the desk honoring the individuals who lost their lives in the tragic fire in Oakland, California, on December 2, 2016, submitted earlier today. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I would like to explain to my good friend, the Senator from North Carolina, that I have been deferring to you the pleasure of object-ing, and that is the reason I didn’t ob-ject to the Senator from Oregon. As you said, we can stay here. I think we all have a lot of appreciation for the situation. With that being said, we have come to an impasse that if we cannot get the House, with the help of our Senate col-leagues on both sides, to agree to a per-manent, long-term fix and a solution for the miners’ health care—and I would say to the Senator, we took off the pension; you heard me say that. We took the pensions off of that. We thought that might provide us a way to move forward. We thought we had a way to move forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.104 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6826 December 7, 2016 
With that being said, we stand here today objecting to things that we would all like to move forward on. It pains all of us to be in this position. Hopefully, you all can help us, talking to the House and basically asking them to come to their senses and, hopefully, take care of this. So for that reason, until we have a long-term solution for our miners’ health care as included in the Miners Protection Act, S. 3470, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I would like to direct another question through the Chair to the Senator from West Virginia. I just want to be clear that, hypothetically, if the Senator from Or-egon were to come back to the Cham-ber and offer that motion, would the Senator from West Virginia actually object to that motion? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the Senator posing a ques-tion? Mr. BROWN. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, we may have that opportunity. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —SENATE  
RESOLUTION  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of a Senate resolution at the desk recognizing the 75th anniver-sary of the attack on Pearl Harbor and the lasting significance of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day sub-mitted earlier today. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I was incredulous at the beginning of the night, not quite believing that Senator M
CCONNELL —I don’t know what he is doing now—was sending his people to the floor and find-ing ways to push back against the mine workers in West Virginia and Ohio and Pennsylvania and Indiana and Vir-ginia, not willing to help those pen-sioners and widows. Now we have this incredible coincidence that the last two resolutions—we are talking about mine workers—retired mine workers’ health care; we are talking about wid-ows of mine workers who have either died on the job or died perhaps from an illness that mine workers so often have—brown lung or some kind of heart disease. Instead, my friend from North Carolina has offered two resolu-tions, one to honor people who died in a fire—a tragedy—and one to mark the 75th anniversary of Pearl Harbor, both reasonable things. But they are not resolutions to provide college to the children of the people who died in the fire, and they are not to increase bene-fits for the grandchildren of people who died in Pearl Harbor; they are resolu-tions that don’t mean anything except they are nice. I am for these resolu-tions. I love to support anything we do to say something nice and pat some-body on the back. But we have these two resolutions saying aren’t they nice, aren’t we nice, compared to tak-ing care of widows who are going to see their health care expire on December 31. I don’t understand the equivalency. I suppose we could go all night if Senator MCCONNELL were perhaps in his office or perhaps out to dinner or perhaps he went home. But it is order-ing or asking or however we do things around here—Senators come to the floor and delay and delay and delay and try to change the subject so that peo-ple forget about these mine workers. Well, we are not going to let the Pre-siding Officer or Senator T
ILLIS or Sen-ator M
CCONNELL or Senator C ORNYN or anybody else—we are not going to let you forget the mine workers. We are going to keep talking about this. I don’t mind working late tonight. I don’t mind working late tomorrow. I would rather not work until December 24, but Senator M
ANCHIN said he will, and I will. My wife is not thrilled about it, and my children and my grandkids aren’t thrilled about it. But these are thousands of people who are going to lose their health insurance on Decem-ber 31, and all that Senator M
CCONNELL  can do, after huge pressure from mine workers around the country and his constituents in Kentucky and from us—all Senator M
CCONNELL can do is say, well, we can give you maybe 4 months, and that is supposed to satisfy us. It doesn’t matter if it satisfies us; it matters that we take care of these retired mine workers and their widows. For all of those reasons, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, the dis-tinguished Senator from Ohio did men-tion a couple of resolutions, but I would add there was also the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act that we worked very hard on to provide much needed resources for a number of States, including Ohio. There are a number of other items, including I think hiring vets, providing programs or providing preferences and trying to do everything we can to get our vet-erans hired; preventing animal cruelty and torture I think is a worthwhile cause, and a number of other things. But, again, the point here is that we are trying to move things that we gen-erally have consent on, and for one rea-son or another—and I don’t question the motives of the Senator from West Virginia—they are being held up. We kind of have a double standard in that some of these things do not rise to the same level as the unanimous consent request made by Senator W
YDEN ear-lier. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 5456 
So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate con-sideration of Calendar No. 527, H.R. 5456; that the Wyden substitute amend-ment at the desk be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. BROWN. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object— The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion has been heard. The Senator from North Carolina is recognized. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I am happy to yield the floor to the Senator from West Virginia. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina yields the floor to the Senator from West Vir-ginia. Mr. MANCHIN. I just want to clarify. I think there is some confusion. It seems like everybody is in a hustle right now. I think they think we are being selective. I want to make it very clear. I have been very clear to every-body. I have had to object on every-thing. I have had to object on my own pieces of legislation to stop everything. With that being said, I think I was asked about Senator WYDEN ’s request, and I said, no, I wouldn’t at that time, and then I think at that time Senator T
ILLIS objected. For that you were asked did I object, and I said no. With that being said, I would have objected to everything, and I think ev-erybody knew where I stood in this body that I will and have to reluc-tantly—I don’t want to be in this posi-tion. I am so committed to fulfilling the promise and commitment we have made. That is all. I am sorry if there has been confu-sion. I have to, for the position we have taken. I think the good fight that we have here—and, basically, what the House has done to us is not humane to the people we represent. That is all I said. I am sorry for that. So if there is a motion on the table, I object to that too. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Reserving the right to object, but I withdraw my reservation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA BOXER Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in 1922, Rebecca Latimer Felton was the first woman to sit in the U.S. Senate. She served in this body for only 1 day, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.105 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6827 December 7, 2016 
during those 24 hours she made a bold prediction for her time about the fu-ture role women would play in the Sen-ate. She said: ‘‘When the women of the country come in and sit with you . . . you will get ability, you will get integ-rity of purpose, you will get exalted pa-triotism, and you will get unstinted usefulness.’’ I will second that. B
ARBARA and I served together in the House—and we have served together in the Senate for 20 years. And let me tell you, no one embodies Senator F
ELTON ’S prediction better than B
ARBARA BOXER . Throughout the years, I have loved getting to know B
ARBARA as a col-league, but more importantly as a friend. Loretta and I joined B
ARBARA  and her husband, Stu, on official trips, personal vacations and countless din-ners. We have eaten, drank, joked, and bonded. And as her career in the Sen-ate comes to an end, keeping those bonds of friendship strong as she heads west is one my life goals. B
ARBARA made quite an impact on the Senate Chamber before she even entered this body. On October 9, 1991, the Senate Judiciary Committee was set to vote on the nomination of Jus-tice Clarence Thomas to serve a life-time appointment on the U.S. Supreme Court, without listening to Professor Anita Hill’s allegations of sexual har-assment. At the time, there were two women in the Senate, B
ARBARA MIKUL-
SKI and Nancy Landon Kassebaum. Now, while this was going on in the Senate, the women of the House tried speaking out in that body. They were censured. And they had enough. So they marched out of the House and over to the Senate—29 women House Members, led by Congresswoman Pat Schroeder from Colorado and B
ARBARA  B
OXER from California. American poli-tics has never been the same. The following year, a number of es-teemed women were elected to the U.S. Senate. Several reporters deemed 1992: ‘‘the Year of the Woman.’’ Senator M
I-
KULSKI , the dean of women, as she is often referred to, said: ‘‘Calling 1992 the Year of the Woman makes it sound like the Year of the Caribou or the Year of the Asparagus. We’re not a fad, fancy or a year.’’ She was right. But California made history. For the first time, one State sent two women to rep-resent them in the Senate: D
IANNE  F
EINSTEIN and B ARBARA BOXER . B
ARBARA often reminds me of the line from Shakespeare’s—A Mid-summer Night’s Dream: ‘‘Though she be but little, she is fierce.’’ In 1994, when Republicans took control of Con-gress, one of the first things they did was go after environmental regula-tions, including rules to limit the amount of arsenic in the drinking water. B
ARBARA immediately launched a good, old-fashioned, 3-day ‘‘Ms. Smith Goes to Washington’’ filibuster. And like most of the fights she takes on, she won. B
ARBARA is a call-it-as-you-see-it kind of person. Maybe it is because she grew up in the no-nonsense, working- class town of Brooklyn. Or maybe it is because her parents and Jewish grand-parents, who immigrated to this coun-try from Russia instilled in her a deep love for America’s Constitution and freedoms—a sense of obligation to give something back and a determination to fight for underdogs, truth and justice. She has sponsored or cosponsored more than 1,200 pieces of legislation and helped lead the fight on issues ranging from women’s rights to healthcare to protecting California’s natural wonders to keeping lead and other potentially lethal hazards out of children’s toys. The vote that sealed our spiritual kinship took place in October 2002 when she and I voted against the Iraq war resolution. One of our dear friends, Paul Wellstone, also voted against the resolution. Paul was in a tough reelec-tion fight that year. A reporter asked him if it was a hard choice to vote against the war. Paul said it was a risk, but not a choice. His conscience wouldn’t let him vote any other way. It seems to me that is how BARBARA  B
OXER approaches every one of her votes in Congress: It might be a risk, but it is not a choice. She listens to her conscience, and the people of California respect her for it. But let me be clear: that doesn’t mean she will not work hard to find a compromise. She proved that in recent years when she and J
IMINHOFE —the unlikeliest of odd couples—worked together to pass important legislation updating regula-tions on toxic chemicals and shep-herding through a surface transpor-tation bill that no one thought could be done. I will close with this. Early in B
AR-
BARA ’Spolitical career, people used to come up to her and say: How did you get so strong, how did you get so tough? B
ARBARA would humbly re-spond: Oh, not tough. I am just an ordi-nary person, and I do what I think is right. I agree with most of that, but let me tell you—B
ARBARA is as tough as they come. She can’t be bullied or in-timidated, and she never loses her courage. I want to thank B
ARBARA for sacrificing so much time with her own family to make the families of America safer, healthier, and more hopeful. For that and a thousand other reasons, I will miss her in the Senate. But I know I can count on her to keep pushing those of us who remain to listen to our consciences—to fight for change and do the right thing. 
f 
MARKETPLACE FAIRNESS BILL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this past Thanksgiving marked the beginning of the holiday shopping season. In an effort to find deeply discounted electronics, toys, and other Christmas gifts for family and friends, bargain- hunting shoppers searched for Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals. While these deals provided great sav-ings for shoppers, Main Street retailers and States did not reap the same bene-fits. Because we have let another year and holiday season come and go without closing the online sales tax loophole, States missed out on millions of dol-lars in sales tax revenue owed to them from online purchases. And Main Street retailers continued to lose busi-ness. However, this was not without try-ing. Around this time last year, Senators ENZI, ALEXANDER , HEITKAMP , and my-self opposed the air dropping of legisla-tion in the customs conference report that would have taken away a State’s right to collect taxes on accessing the internet unless we gave States the abil-ity to collect taxes on internet sales that were already owed, and we leveled the playing field for brick and mortar businesses. Despite our opposition, the customs bill passed, and Majority Leader M
CCONNELL promised to give us a vote later this year on the Marketplace Fairness Act or similar e-fairness legis-lation. This would give House Republicans the opportunity to go through regular order, a process they said was nec-essary to address the issue. Yet, unfortunately, here we are, at the end of the Congress, and House Re-publicans have still refused to act. The Marketplace Fairness Act levels the playing field for retailers by allow-ing States to treat brick and mortar retailers the same as remote retailers in the collection of State and local sales and use taxes. Internet retailers benefit under our current system with a 5–10 percent price advantage over their Main Street competitors. This is because customers visit local retailers, browse goods, use their phone to take a picture of it, and go online to purchase the item tax-free. Products sold online seem cheaper when sales taxes are not collected at the point of sale. But they are not be-cause the tax is still owed, though not paid, by the customer. This is not fair, and it is not right. Thousands of Main Street businesses have worked hard to grow their busi-nesses, but have become showrooms be-cause of this price advantage, making it difficult, and, in some cases, impos-sible for them to compete. I have come to this floor in the past to share the stories of Main Street businesses, such as Play It Again Sports in Naperville and Soccer Plus in Palatine, that have gone out of busi-ness due, in large part, to the unfair advantage of their online competitors. Since then, Sports Authority has met that same fate, and many department stores and big-box retailers have closed a number of stores because of the in-crease in online shopping. These are local jobs and community anchors that no longer exist. There is nothing we can do now for these shuttered retailers. But we can, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.033 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6828 December 7, 2016 
and should, still help thousands of re-tailers avoid the same fate by leveling the playing field for Main Street retail-ers. For the first time in history, con-sumers said they made more of their purchases online than in stores. This trend is evidenced by an in-crease in online retail spending, which grew 14.6 percent last year, to $341 bil-lion, and is projected to reach $523 bil-lion in 2020. During the weekend following Thanksgiving—the biggest shopping weekend of the year—online retail spending was over $9.3 billion, a 16.4 percent increase from 2015. As online sales increase, the poten-tial sales tax revenue that States lose increases. The longer we delay in closing this loophole, the longer we perpetuate an uneven playing field between local and online retailers that erodes the reve-nues needed by State and local govern-ments to fund essential public services. Despite the looming budget deficits State and local governments are facing and the competitive disadvantage expe-rienced by brick and mortar busi-nesses, House Republicans have refused to address the issue for more than a decade. This year is no different. Numerous requests to the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee to markup e-fairness legislation from the ranking member and other bipartisan members on committee, Main Street retailers, State and local governments, labor, and the sponsors of the Market-place Fairness Act remain unanswered. Instead, Chairman G
OODLATTE draft-ed his own proposal that created more problems than it solved. I didn’t support the chairman’s pro-posal, but I supported the process and his calls for regular order and encour-aged him to work with his colleagues in the House to send us a bill so that we can resolve our differences. We are still waiting. The chairman has continued to refuse to work with us on reasonable compromise legislation that didn’t turn 100 years of sales and use tax law on its head, even though he doesn’t have the support of the majority of the House Republican Caucus on his ap-proach. It is apparent that these calls for compromise and regular order are nothing more than veiled attempts to delay and obstruct, which have so far been successful. If Congress continues to ignore this issue and fails to act, the courts will. Because States are missing out on an estimated $23 billion a year in poten-tial sales tax revenue, they are looking to the courts for a solution, heeding the call from Supreme Court Justice Kennedy to reexamine the Court’s precedent on the issue. This year alone, 16 States have intro-duced over 40 sales tax bills, and others have enacted legislation that have trig-gered legal challenges that would help States collect sales tax without con-gressional action. This week, a Federal court in South Dakota will begin hearing oral argu-ments on a South Dakota law that re-quires remote retailers to collect and remit sales tax. And we may know, as early as next week, if the Supreme Court will grant review of a law Colorado recently en-acted that imposes reporting and noti-fication requirements on remote retail-ers. Let me be clear. This is not the ap-proach I prefer. I would rather Con-gress do its job to pass a uniform, com-prehensive Federal solution instead of the States moving forward individually so we don’t have a patch work of laws that small businesses have to navigate. But I understand that, in the absence of Congressional action, the States have no other options. They must ei-ther raise taxes or cut vital public services if Congress continues to sit on the sidelines. As you can see, the States are no longer waiting for Congress to get its act together. But there is still time for us address this issue. And I hope my colleagues in the House will work with me to do that be-fore it is too late. f 
ELECT AND FREEING OF POLIT-ICAL PRISONERS IN THE GAMBIA Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in re-cent years, we have seen a troubling trend of democratic backsliding in sev-eral parts of the world, including Rus-sia, Thailand, Uganda, Turkey, and Venezuela. Even some parts of Europe and the United States have seen long estab-lished democratic norms challenged in deeply upsetting ways. So imagine my great surprise late last week when the people of The Gam-bia peacefully voted for a new demo-cratic government. Many probably don’t know much about The Gambia—a small West Afri-can nation whose uniquely odd colonial borders have it straddling the mean-dering Gambia River almost com-pletely surrounded by Senegal. Gambia is English speaking—Senegal speaks French—with several local lan-guages shared between the unusual borders. Some of you may remember The Gambia was the ancestral home in the novel and then-television miniseries ‘‘Roots.’’ Because of its strong ties to the U.S. and geographic location, for some time The Gambia also had a unique distinc-tion of being an emergency landing spot for the Space Shuttle should one need to abort its mission early in the launch phase. And until 1994, it had the proud dis-tinction of being the longest postcolonial democracy on the African continent. You see, for the last 22 years, The Gambia was ruled by a regime that took power in a coup, with troubling arrests and disappearances of journal-ists, activists, and opposition members. I and several of my Senate colleagues raised a number of these cases over the years, most notably the 2007 disappear-ance of journalist Ebrima Manneh—for which I now hope there will finally be a fair and healing accounting. And yet, last Thursday night, the people of The Gambia, voting with col-ored marbles placed in different con-tainers to make it easier for illiterate voters, chose a new leader in a peaceful and democratic process. And outgoing President Yahya Jammeh honorably conceded the elec-tion and agreed to a peaceful transfer of power. He offered to help President-Elect Adama Barrow. While we have had our differences, I want to acknowledge this important act of leadership and love of country by outgoing President Jammeh. And not only has there been this no-table peaceful transfer of power, but in just the few short days since the elec-tion, at least 18 political prisoners have been released from jail, including a key opposition figure. So to the Gambian people, let me say congratulations on your important demonstration of democracy—a model for the African continent and the world. I look forward to significantly im-proved relations between our two na-tions and working together on a host of shared concerns. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA MIKULSKI Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, history is dotted with the stories of trailblazers. People who shape the public discourse at a pivotal moment in time or change the direction of the debate. One of those trailblazers is B
ARBARA MIKUL-
SKIm, the longest serving woman in Senate history, the first woman to rep-resent Maryland in the U.S. Senate, and the first woman to chair the Sen-ate’s Appropriations Committee. She is tough. She is direct. She is dedicated. She is a fighter. She is a leader. B
ARBARA MIKULSKI has always fought for our families and our children. From her roots as a social worker and com-munity activist to the levels of leader-ship in the Senate, she has held firm to her adage that she is not just the Sen-ator from Maryland, she is the Senator for Maryland. From her first years in the Senate until now, she has promoted education, nutrition, healthcare, and gender equality in the Senate. She led our historic efforts to pass the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act— shouting from the rooftops the simple principle that women deserve equal pay for equal work. She continued that leg-acy with the Paycheck Fairness Act. Wouldn’t it be a fitting tribute if the Senate considered and approved that commonsense legislation before she re-tires? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.032 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6829 December 7, 2016 
Like others in this Chamber, she was a vocal and steadfast supporter of Vio-lence Against Women Act and our most recent efforts to reauthorized and ex-pand those lifesaving programs. She led the efforts to ensure that the Afford-able Care Act made clear that no one should be discriminated against in pre-ventive care. Who can forget her fierce advocacy to make the letter of the law clear that being a woman is not a pre-existing condition? And when B
ARBARA assumed the mantle chairing the Appropriations Committee, she brought with her the tough but fair grit that has been her hallmark in the Senate. When asked about earmarks, her retort was simple: ‘‘I’ve told senators that if you’re op-posed to earmarks, I’ll honor that and won’t include any for your state.’’ You always know where you stand with B
ARBARA MIKULSKI . Thirty years ago, when she first came to the Senate, women filled just two seats in this body. When the Sen-ate convenes next year, there will be 21. I hope it won’t be another 30 years for the Senate to be truly representa-tive of the country we serve. A lifelong Baltimore resident, ‘‘Sen-ator Barb’’ has never forgotten her roots, probably because she never left. She remains a Marylander through and through, dedicated to her State and never forgetting that listening to your constituents is the most important job of all. When Senator M
IKULSKI an-nounced her retirement, she told her constituents that the question came down to whether she wanted to spend her time ‘‘raising money or raising hell to meet your day-to-day needs?’’ That is B
ARBARA . This rang through in her farewell speech today to the Senate. We often talk of the lions of the Sen-ate. B
ARBARA MIKULSKI ranks among them. I will miss her fierce advocacy, her counsel, her commitment, her te-nacity, and her grit. I value her friend-ship, and we will miss her. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–31, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $3.51 billion. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
AMES WORM, Acting Deputy Director, (For J. W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–31 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $2.60 billion. Other $ .91 billion. Total $3.51 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under consider-ation for Purchase: Maior Defense Equipment (MDE): Forty-eight (48) CH–47F Chinook Cargo Helicopters. One hundred twelve (112) T55–GA–714A En-gines (ninety-six (96) installed, sixteen (16) spares). One hundred sixteen (116) Embedded Global Positioning System (GPS) Inertial Naviga-tion Systems (EGI) (ninety-six (96) installed, twenty (20) spares). Fifty-eight (58) AN/AAR–57 Common Mis-sile Warning Systems (CMWS) (forty-eight (48) installed, ten (10) spares). Forty-eight (48) M240H 7.62mm Machine Guns with spare parts. Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: M134D Mini-Guns or equivalent type guns with support equip-ment and training; Aircraft Survivability Equipment (AN/APR–39A(V) 1/4, AN/AVR–2B, AN/ARC–231, AN/ARC–201D, AN/APX–123A, ARN–147 VOR/ILS, ARN–153 TACAN, APN– 209, IDM–401 Improved Data Modem, and AN/ ARC–220); Infrared Signature Suppression System (IRSS); Fast Rope Insertion Extrac-tion System (FRIES); Extended Range Fuel System (ERPS); Ballistic Armor Protection System; facilities; air worthiness support; spares and repair parts; communications equipment; personnel training and training equipment; site surveys; tool and test equip-ment; Ground Support Equipment (GSE); re-pair and return; publications and technical documentation; Quality Assurance Team (QAT); U.S. Government and contractor en-gineering, technical and logistics support services; and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army (SR–B– ZAG). (v) Sales Commission. Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vi) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Pro-posed to be Sold: See Annex attached. (vii) Prior Related Case, if any: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: December 7, 2016. *as defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia—CH–47F Chinook Cargo Helicopters The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has re-quested a possible sale of: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Forty-eight (48) CH–47F Chinook Cargo Helicopters. One hundred twelve (112) T55–GA–714A En-gines (ninety-six (96) installed, sixteen (16) spares). One hundred sixteen (116) Embedded Global Positioning System (GPS) Inertial Naviga-tion Systems (EGI (ninety-six (96) installed, twenty (20) spares)). Fifty-eight (58) AN/AAR–57 Common Mis-sile Warning Systems (CMWS) (forty-eight (48) installed, ten (10) spares). Forty-eight (48) M240H 7.62mm Machine Guns with spare parts. Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: M134D Mini-Guns or equivalent type guns with support equip-ment and training; Aircraft Survivability Equipment (AN/APR–39A(V)1/4, AN/AVR–2B, AN/ARC–231, AN/ARC–201D, AN/APX–123A, ARN–147 VOR/1LS, ARN–153 TACAN, APN– 209, IDM–401 Improved Data Modem, and AN/ ARC–220); Infrared Signature Suppression System (IRSS); Fast Rope Insertion Extrac-tion System (FRIES); Extended Range Fuel System (ERPS); Ballistic Armor Protection System; facilities; air worthiness support; spares and repair parts; communications equipment; personnel training and training equipment; site surveys; tool and test equip-ment; Ground Support Equipment (GSE); re-pair and return; publications and technical documentation; Quality Assurance Team (QAT); U.S. Government and contractor en-gineering, technical and logistics support services; and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. The total overall estimated value is $3.51 billion. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a strategic partner which has been and continues to be a leading contributor of political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. This sale will increase the Royal Saudi Land Forces Aviation Com-mand’s (RSLFAC) interoperability with U.S. forces and convey U.S. commitment to Saudi Arabia’s security and armed forces mod-ernization. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The proposed sale of the CH–47F aircraft will improve Saudi Arabia’s heavy lift capa-bility. Saudi Arabia will use this enhanced capability to strengthen its homeland de-fense and deter regional threats. Saudi Ara-bia will have no difficulty absorbing these aircraft into its armed forces. The prime contractors will be The Boeing Military Aircraft Company, Ridley Park, Pennsylvania, and Honeywell Aerospace Company, Phoenix, Arizona. There are no known offset agreements in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this sale will require up to sixty (60) U.S. Government and contractor representatives to travel to Saudi Arabia for up to sixty (60) months for equipment de- processing, fielding, system checkout, train-ing, and technical logistics support. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–31 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.095 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6830 December 7, 2016 
1. The CH–47F Chinook Cargo Helicopter is a medium-lift helicopter equipped with the Common Avionics Architecture System (CAAS) cockpit, which provides aircraft sys-tem, flight, mission, and communication management systems, five multifunction displays, two general purpose processor units, two control display units and two data concentrator units. The navigation system will have two Embedded Global Positioning System/Inertial Navigation System (GPS/ INS), two Digital Advanced Flight Control Systems (DAFCS), one ARN–149 Automatic Direction Finder, one ARN–147 Very High Frequency Omnidirectional Range/Instru-ment Landing System (VOR/ILS) marker beacon system, one ARN–153 Tactical Air-borne Navigation (TACAN) system, two air data computers, and one Radar Altimeter system. The aircraft survivability equipment includes the AN/APR–39A(V)1/4 Radar Signal Detecting Set, and the AN/AAR–57 Common Missile Warning System. The Embedded Global Positioning System/ Inertial Navigation System (GPS/INS) is SE-CRET. The AN/AAR–57 Common Missile Warning System (CMWS) is CONFIDEN-TIAL. Releasable technical manuals for op-eration and maintenance are SECRET. The AN/APR–39A(V)1/4 Series Radar Detecting Set (RDS) is SECRET. The AN/AVR–2B, Laser Warning Set is CONFIDENTIAL. Re-leasable technical manuals for operation and maintenance are SECRET. The AN/ARC–231 (V)(C) is UNCLASSIFIED. The AN/ARC–201D Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio System (SINCGARS), performance capabili-ties, Electronic Countermeasures/Electronic Counter Counter-Measures (ECM/ECCM) specifications and Engineering Change Or-ders (ECOs) are SECRET. The AN/APX–123A, Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) Trans-ponder is UNCLASSIFIED. The AN/ARN–147, Very High Frequency Omni Ranging/Instru-ment Landing System (VOR/ILS) receiver is UNCLASSIFIED. The AN/ARC–220 is UN-CLASSIFIED. The KN–77 is UNCLASSIFIED. The AN/PYQ–10 (C) Simple Key Loader (SKL) is UNCLASSIFIED. The TSEC KY–58 voice secure equipment is CONFIDENTIAL if soft-ware fill is installed. The TSEC KY–100 voice secure equipment is used with the FM Com-mand Radio to provide secure two-way com-munication. It is Communications Security (COMSEC) Equipment and is classified SE-CRET if software fill is installed. The AN/ AVS–6/7(V)1 is UNCLASSIFIED. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures or equivalent systems which might reduce weapon system effectiveness. 3. A determination has been made that Saudi Arabia can provide the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives out-lined in the Policy Justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–62, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Qatar for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $700 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, JAMES WORM, Acting Deputy Director (For J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–62 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Qatar. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment (MDE)* $ 0 mil-lion. Other $700 million, Total $700 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE includes: Follow-on support for eight (8) C–17 aircraft, to include contract labor for sustainment engineering, on-site COMSEC support, Quality Assurance, sup-port equipment repair, supply chain manage-ment, spares replenishment, maintenance, back shop support, and centralized mainte-nance support/associated services. Required upgrades will include fixed installation sat-ellite antenna, Mode 5+ installation and sustainment, Automatic Dependent Surveil-lance-Broadcast Out, and two special oper-ations loading ramps. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (QAI). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: QA–D–QAB. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee. etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: December 7, 2016. * As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Qatar—Continuation of Logistics Support Services and Equipment The Government of Qatar has requested a possible sale of continued logistics support for eight (8) C–17 aircraft which will include contract labor for sustainment engineering, on-site COMSEC support, Quality Assurance, support equipment repair, supply chain man-agement, spares replenishment, mainte-nance, back shop support, and centralized maintenance support/associated services. Re-quired upgrades will include fixed installa-tion satellite antenna, Mode 5+ installation and sustainment, Automatic Dependent Sur-veillance-Broadcast Out, and two special op-erations loading ramps. The estimated total cost is $700 million. The proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the U.S. by helping to improve the security of an im-portant regional ally. Qatar is a vital part-ner for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. The C–17 pro-vides a heavy airlift capability and com-plements the normal, day-to-day operations of the Government of Qatar’s C–130J fleet. Qatar will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale will enhance Qatar’s ability to operate and maintain its C–17s, supporting its capability to provide humani-tarian aid in the Middle East and Africa re-gion and support its troops in coalition oper-ations. Qatar’s current contract supporting its C–17 fleet will expire in September of 2017. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be the Boeing Corporation of Chicago, Illinois. The U.S. Government is not aware of any known off-sets associated with this sale. Any offset agreement will be defined in negotiations be-tween the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this sale will require the assignment of approximately five addi-tional U.S. Government and approximately 50 contractor representatives to Qatar. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness, as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–62 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex A Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. This sale will involve the release of sen-sitive technology to Qatar in the perform-ance of services to sustain eight (8) Qatar C– 17 aircraft. While much of the below equip-ment supporting the C–17 is not new to the country, there will be replenishment spares of the below sensitive technologies pur-chased to support the fleet. 2. The Force 524D is a 24-channel SAASM based Global Positioning System (GPS) re-ceiver, with precise positioning service (PPS) capability built upon Trimble’s next generation OPS technology. The Force 524D retains backward compatibility with the proven Force 5GS, while adding new functionality to interface with digital an-tenna electronics, to significantly improve anti-jam (AJ) performance. The host plat-form can select the radio frequency (RF) or digital antenna electronics (DAE) interface. In the digital mode, the Force 524D is capa-ble of controlling up to 16 independent beams. The hardware and software associ-ated with the 524D receiver card is UNCLAS-SIFIED. 3. The C–17 aircraft will be equipped with the GAS–1, which is comprised of the Con-trolled Reception Pattern Antennas (CRPA), with the associated wiring harness and the Antenna Electronics (AE)–1, to provide AJ capability. The hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. 4. The KIV–77 is the crypto applique for Mode V Identification Friend of Foe (IFF). The hardware is UNCLASSIFIED and COMSEC controlled. 5. Software, hardware, and other data/in-formation, which is classified or sensitive, is reviewed prior to release to protect system vulnerabilities, design data, and performance parameters. Some end-item hardware, soft-ware, and other data identified above are classified at the CONFIDENTIAL and SE-CRET level. Potential compromise of these systems is controlled through management of the basic software programs, of highly sensitive systems and software-controlled weapon systems, on a case-by-case basis. 6. Qatar is both willing and able to protect United States classified military informa-tion. Qatari physical and document security standards are equivalent to U.S. standards. Qatar has demonstrated its willingness and capability to protect sensitive military tech-nology and information released to its mili-tary in the past. 7. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware or software source code in this pro-posed sale, the information could be used to develop countermeasures, which might re-duce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of systems with similar or advanced capabilities. The benefits to be derived from this sale in the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives, as outlined in the Policy Jus-tification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology, where revealed to unauthorized persons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:00 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.044 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6831 December 7, 2016 
8. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Qatar. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee On Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(I) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–61, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Qatar for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $81 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
AMES WORM, Acting Deputy Director (For J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–61 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Qatar. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment (MDE)* $51 mil-lion. Other $30 million. Total $81 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four (4) F117–PW–100 C17 Engines (spares). Non-MDE includes: Quick Engine Change (QEC) Kits, Engine Transport Trailers, En-gine Platforms, Engine Trailers, and other various support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (LAC). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: QA–D–QAB. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: December 7, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Qatar—Spare C–17 Engines and Equipment The Government of Qatar has requested a possible sale of the following in support of its eight (8) C–17 Globemaster III aircraft procured under a Direct Commercial Sale (DCS): four (4) spare F117–PW–100 engines, Quick Engine Change (QEC) Kits, Engine Transport Trailers, Engine Platforms, En-gine Trailers, and other various support. The estimated total program cost is $81 million. The proposed sale would contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the U.S. by helping to improve the security of an important regional ally. Qatar is a vital partner for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. The C–17 pro-vides a heavy airlift capability and com-plements the normal, day-to-day operations of Qatar’s C–130J fleet. Qatar will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale would enhance Qatar’s ability to operate and maintain its C–17s, supporting its capability to provide humani-tarian aid in the Middle East and Africa re-gion and support its troops in coalition oper-ations. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be the Boeing Corporation of Chicago, Illinois. The U.S. Government is not aware of any known off-sets associated with this sale. Any offset agreement will be defined in negotiations be-tween the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will not alter current assignment of additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Qatar. The number of U.S. Govern-ment and contractor representatives re-quired in Qatar to support the program will be determined in joint negotiations as the program proceeds through the development, production and equipment installation phases. There is no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Qatar. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–52, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Kingdom of Morocco for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $108 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
AMES WORM, Acting Deputy Director (For J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–52 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(I) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser. Kingdom of Mo-rocco. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $101 million. Other: $7 million. Total: $108 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): One thousand two-hundred (1,200) TOW 2A, Radio Frequency (RF) Missiles (BGM–71–4B– RF) Fourteen (14) TOW 2A, Radio Frequency (RF) Missiles (Fly-to-Buy Lot Acceptance Missiles) Non-MDE includes: U.S. Government and contractor engineering; technical and logis-tics support services; and other related ele-ments of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army (VTG). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: MO-B-USZ for $137,034.913 signed on 4 May 2016. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: December 7, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of Morocco—Radio Frequency (RF) TOW 2A, Radio Frequency (RF) Mis-sile (BGM–71–4B–RF and Support) The Government of Morocco has requested a possible sale of one thousand two-hundred (1,200) TOW 2A, Radio Frequency (RF) Mis-siles (BGM–71–413–RF) and fourteen (14) TOW 2A, Radio Frequency (RF) Missiles (Fly-to- Buy Lot Acceptance Missiles). Also included with this request is U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logis-tics support services; and other related ele-ments of logistics and program support. The estimated MDE sale is $101 million. The total estimated value is $108 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a Major Non-NATO Ally that con-tinues to be an important force for the polit-ical stability and economic progress in North Africa. This proposed sale directly supports Morocco and serves the interests of the Mo-roccan people and the United States. The proposed sale of TOW 2A Missiles and technical support will advance Morocco’s ef-forts to develop an integrated ground defense capability. Morocco will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors involved in this program are: Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, Arizona. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require the U.S. Government or contractor representatives to travel to Morocco. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–52 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Radio Frequency (RF) TOW 2A Mis-sile (BGM–71E–4B–RF) is designed to defeat armored vehicles, reinforced urban struc-tures, field fortifications and other such tar-gets. TOW missiles are fired from a variety of TOW launchers in the U .S. Army, USMC, and FMS customer forces. The TOW 2A RF missile can be launched from the same launcher platforms as the existing wire-guid-ed TOW 2A missile without modification to the launcher. The TOW 2A missile (both wire & RF) contains two trackers for the launcher to track and guide the missile in flight. Guidance commands from the launcher are provided to the missile by a RF link con-tained within the missile case. The hard-ware, software, and technical publications provided with the sale thereof are UNCLAS-SIFIED. However, the system itself contains sensitive technology that instructs the sys-tem on how to operate in the presence of countermeasures. 2. The highest level of classified informa-tion that must be disclosed in training to use the end item is UNCLASSIFIED. The highest level of classified information that must be disclosed in maintenance of the end item is UNCLASSIFIED. The highest level of classi-fied information that could be disclosed by sale of the end item is SECRET. The highest level of classified information that could be revealed by testing the end item is SECRET. The highest level of classified information that could be revealed by reverse engineer-ing of the end item is SECRET. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:00 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.046 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6832 December 7, 2016 
4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Mo-rocco. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–15, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of the United Arab Emirates for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $3.5 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–15 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Prospective Purchaser: United Arab Emir-ates. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $1.68 billion Other $1.82 billion Total $3.50 billion (iii) Description and Ouantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty-eight (28) AH–64E Remanufactured Apache Attack Helicopters. Nine (9) new AH–64E Apache Attack Heli-copters. Seventy-six (76) T700–GE–701D Engines (56 remanufactured, 18 new, 2 spares). Thirty-nine (39) AN/ASQ–170 Modernized Target Acquisition and Designation Sight/ AN/AAR–11 Modernized Pilot Night Vision Sensors (28 remanufactured, 9 new, 2 spares). Thirty-two (32) remanufactured AN/APR– 48B Modernized—Radar Frequency Interferometers. Forty-six (46) AAR–57 Common Missile Warning Systems (31 remanufactured, 9 new, 6 spares). Eighty-eight (88) Embedded Global Posi-tioning Systems with Inertial Navigation (72 new, 16 spares). Forty-four (44) Manned-Unmanned Teaming-International (MUMTi) Systems (28 remanufactured, 9 new, 7 spares). Fifteen (15) new MUMTi System Upper Re-ceivers. Non-MDE: Training devices, helmets, sim-ulators, generators, transportation, wheeled vehicles and organization equipment, spare and repair parts, support equipment, tools and test equipment, technical data and pub-lications, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. government and contractor engineering, technical, and logistics support services, and other related elements of logis-tics support. (iv) Military Department: Army (AE–B– GUA). (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: FMS case: AE–B–JAH–02 Jan 92–$617M, FMS case: AE– B–UDE–06 Jan 00–$195M, FMS case: AE–B– UDN–28 Nov 05–$755M, FMS case: AE–B-ZUL– 21 Oct 09–$252M, FMS case: AE–B–ZUF–22 Dec 08–$174M (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex Attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: December 7, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  United Arab Emirates—Apache AH–64E Helicopters and Services The Government of the United Arab Emir-ates (UAE) has requested a possible sale of twenty-eight (28) AH–64E Remanufactured Apache Attack Helicopters; nine (9) new AH– 64E Apache Attack Helicopters; Seventy-six (76) T700–GE–701D Engines (56 remanufac-tured, 18 new, 2 spares); thirty-nine (39) AN/ ASQ–170 Modernized Target Acquisition and Designation Sight/AN/AAR–11 Modernized Pilot Night Vision Sensors (28 remanufac-tured, 9 new, 2 spares); thirty-two (32) re-manufactured AN/APR–48B Modernized— Radar Frequency Interferometers forty-six (46) AAR–57 Common Missile Warning Sys-tems (31 remanufactured, 9 new, 6 spares); eighty-eight (88) Embedded Global Posi-tioning Systems with Inertial Navigation (72 new, 16 spares); forty-four (44) Manned-Un-manned Teaming-International (MUMTi) systems (28 remanufactured, 9 new, 7 spares); and fifteen (15) new MUMTi System Upper Receivers. This request also includes train-ing devices, helmets, simulators, generators, transportation, wheeled vehicles and organi-zation equipment, spare and repair parts, support equipment, tools and test equip-ment, technical data and publications, per-sonnel training and training equipment, U.S. government and contractor engineering, technical, and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistics support. Total estimated program cost is $3.5 billion. This proposed sale will enhance the foreign policy and national security of the U.S. by helping to improve the security of a friendly country that has been and continues to be an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. The proposed sale will improve the UAE’s capability to meet current and future threats and provide greater security for its critical infrastructure. The UAE will use the enhanced capability to strengthen its home-land defense. The UAE will have no difficulty absorbing these Apache aircraft into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be Boeing in Mesa, AZ and Lockheed Martin in Orlando, FL. Offsets are a requirement of doing busi-ness in UAE; however offsets are negotiated directly between the Original Equipment Manufactures or other vendors and the UAE government and details are not known at this time. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of contractor representatives to the UAE. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–15 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AH–64E Apache Attack Helicopter weapon system contains communications and target identification equipment, naviga-tion equipment, aircraft survivability equip-ment, displays, and sensors. The airframe itself does not contain sensitive technology; however, the pertinent equipment listed below will be either installed on the aircraft or included in the sale: a. The AN/APG–78 Fire Control Radar (FCR) is an active, low-probability of inter-cept, millimeter-wave radar, combined with a passive AN/APR–48B Modernized Radar Frequency Interferometer (M–RFI) mounted on top of the helicopter mast. The FCR Ground Targeting Mode detects, locates, classifies and prioritizes stationary or mov-ing armored vehicles, tanks and mobile air defense systems as well as hovering heli-copters, helicopters, and fixed wing aircraft in normal flight if desired, the radar data can be used to refer targets to the regular electro-optical Modernized Target Acquisi-tion and Designation Sight (MTADS). This information is provided in a form that can-not be extracted by the foreign user. The content of these items is classified SECRET. User Data Module (UDM) on the RFI proc-essor, contains the Radio Frequency threat library. The UDM, which is a hardware as-semblage, is classified CONFIDENTIAL when programmed with threat parameters, threat priorities and/or techniques derived from U.S. intelligence information. b. The AN/ASQ–170 Modernized Target Ac-quisition and Designation Sight/AN/AAQ–11 Pilot Night Vision Sensor (MTADS/PNVS) provides day, night, and limited adverse weather target information, as well as night navigation capabilities. The PNVS provides thermal imaging that permits nap-of-the- earth flight to, from, and within the battle area, while TADS provides the co-pilot gun-ner with search, detection, recognition, and designation by means of Direct View Optics (DVO), EI2television, and Forward Looking Infrared (FLIR) sighting systems that may be used singularly or in combinations. Hard-ware is UNCLASSIFIED. Technical manuals for authorized maintenance levels are UN-CLASSIFIED. Reverse engineering is not a major concern. c. The AN/APR–48B Modernized Radar Fre-quency Interferometer (M–RFI) is an updated version of the passive radar detection and di-rection finding system. It utilizes a detach-able UDM on the M–RFI processor, which contains the Radar Frequency (RF) threat li-brary. The UDM, which is a hardware assem-blage item is classified CONFIDENTIAL when programmed. Hardware becomes CLAS-SIFIED when populated with threat para-metric data. Releasable technical manuals are Unclassified/restricted distribution. d. The AAR–57 Common Missile Warning System (CMWS) detects energy emitted by threat missiles in-flight, evaluates potential false alarm emitters in the environment, de-clares validity of threat and selects appro-priate countermeasures. The CMWS consists of an Electronic Control Unit (ECU), Electro- Optic Missile Sensors (EOMSs), and Se-quencer and Improved Countermeasures Dis-penser (ICMD). The ECU hardware is classi-fied CONFIDENTIAL; releasable technical manuals for operation and maintenance are classified SECRET. e. The AN/APR–39 Radar Signal Detecting Set is a system that provides warnings of radar-directed air defense threats and allows appropriate countermeasures. This is the 1553 databus-compatible configuration. The hardware is classified CONFIDENTIAL when programmed with U.S. threat data; releas-able technical manuals for operation and maintenance are classified CONFIDENTIAL; releasable technical data (technical perform-ance) is classified SECRET. The system can be programmed with threat data provided by the purchasing country. f. The AN/AVR–2B Laser Warning Set is a passive laser warning system that receives, processes, and displays threat information resulting from aircraft illumination by la-sers on the multi-functional display. The hardware is classified CONFIDENTIAL; re-leasable technical manuals for operation and maintenance are classified SECRET. g. The Embedded Global Positioning Sys-tem/Inertial Navigation System plus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:00 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.052 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6833 December 7, 2016 
MultiMode Receiver (EGI+MMR). The air-craft has two EGIs which use internal accelerometers, rate gyro measurements, and external sensor measurements to esti-mate the aircraft state, provides aircraft flight and position data to aircraft systems. The EGI is a velocity-aided, strap down, ring laser gyro based inertial unit. The EGI unit houses a GPS receiver. The receiver is capa-ble of operating in either non-encrypted or encrypted. When keyed, the GPS receiver will automatically use anti-spoof/jam capa-bilities when they are in use. The EGI will retain the key through power on/off/on cy-cles. Because of safeguards built into the EGI, it is not considered classified when keyed. Integrated within the EGI is an Iner-tial Measurement Unit (IMU) for processing functions. Each EGI also houses a Multi- Mode Receiver (MMR). The MMR is incor-porated to provide for reception of ground based NAVAID signals for instrument aided flight. Provides IMC I IFR integration and certification of improved Embedded Global Positioning System and Inertial (EGI) unit, with attached MMR, with specific cockpit instrumentation allows Apaches to operate within the worldwide IFR route structure. Also includes integration of the Common Army Aviation Map (CAAM), Area Naviga-tion (RNAV), Digital Aeronautical Flight In-formation File (DAFIF) and Global Air Traf-fic Management (GATM) compliance. h. Manned-Unmanned Teaming-Inter-national (MUMT–I) provides Manned-Un-manned Teaming with Unmanned Aerial Systems (UASs), other Apaches and other interoperable aircraft and land platforms. Provides ability to display real-time UAS sensor information to aircraft and transmit MTADS video. Capability to receive video and metadata from Interoperability Profile compliant (IOP) as well as legacy systems. It is a data link for the AH–64E that provides a fully integrated multiband, interoperable ca-pability that allows pilots to receive off- board sensor video streaming from different platforms in non-Tactical Common Data Link (TCDL) bands. The MUMT–I data link can retransmit Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) or Apache Modernized Target Acquisi-tion Designation Sight full-motion sensor video and metadata to another MUMT–I- equipped Apache. It can also transmit to ground forces equipped with the One Station Remote Video Terminal. It provides Apache aircrews with increased situational aware-ness and net-centric interoperability while significantly reducing sensor-to-shooter timelines. This combination results in in-creased survivability of Apache aircrews and ground forces by decreasing their exposure to hostile fire. i. Link 16 is a military tactical data ex-change network. Its specification is part of the family of Tactical Data Links. Link 16 provides aircrews with enhanced situational awareness and the ability to exchange target information to Command and Control (C2) assets via Tactical Digital Information Link-Joint (TADIL–J). Link 16 can provide a range of combat information in near-real time to U.S. and allies’ combat aircraft and C2 centers. This will contribute to the inte-grated control of fighters by either ground- based or airborne controllers and will great-ly increase the fighters’ situational aware-ness and ability either to engage targets des-ignated by controllers or to avoid threats, thereby increasing mission effectiveness and reducing fratricide and attrition. The Link 16 enables the Apache to receive information from the command-and-control platforms and enables it to share this data with all the other services, making it more efficient at locating and prosecuting targets. The mate-rial solution for the AH–64E is currently the Small Tactical Terminal (SIT) KOR–24A from Harris to satisfy its requirement for an Airborne and Maritime/Fixed Station (AMF) Small Airborne Link 16 Terminal (SALT). The SIT is the latest generation of small, two-channel, Link 16 and VHF/UHF radio terminals. While in flight, the SIT provides simultaneous communication, voice or data, on two key waveforms. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 3. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide the same de-gree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of the United Arab Emirates. f 
21ST CENTURY CURES BILL Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I am pleased to see that the 21st Century Cures Act will fix one of the issues as-sociated with payments for hospital outpatient departments that arose from the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. You will recall that section 603 of that act changed the way these departments will be reimbursed by Medicare in the future. Hospital outpatient depart-ments that were billing Medicare prior to November 2, 2015, however, were ex-empted from these reduced payments. We have heard from a number of hos-pitals in Florida that were in the mid-dle of developing hospital outpatient departments when the new law went into effect. They had made substantial investments in these new departments under the assumption that Medicare would pay them just as it had been doing for years. I am pleased to see that the 21st Century Cures Act will permit hospitals that were in the proc-ess of developing outpatient depart-ments to be reimbursed under the pre-vious payment system. In my State, Jackson Health System, a large public hospital which is known throughout the world for its high-qual-ity healthcare and its value as a public hospital in our community, was in the process of building four new outpatient departments for patients in the Miami- Dade County area when the new law was passed. They had executed binding leases on three of the departments, constructed facilities, and finalized contracts for architectural and engi-neering reviews on several of the facili-ties. They had gone through a long process of getting the necessary ap-provals and financing from the county and State governments. It is obvious that all four of Jack-son’s outpatient facilities meet the ‘‘mid-build’’ exception contained in section 16001 of the 21st Century Cures Act. The actual construction of these facilities was complete, and Jackson was in the process of securing all the necessary requirements for the renova-tions of these facilities when the new law was passed on November 2, 2015. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, clearly agreed when they issued provider numbers to all four new outpatient departments in September and October 2015. For hos-pitals like Jackson, the subsequent change in the law essentially changed the rules in the middle of the game. I urge CMS to work with all hospitals in similar situations. I am very pleased that the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act will provide relief to the Jackson Health System and hos-pitals like it that had made these in-vestments in future outpatient healthcare departments prior to the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
f 
FEDERAL RULE OF CRIMINAL PROCEDURE 41 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following letters from law enforcement groups be printed in the R
ECORD in support of the recent changes to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 41 that was the subject of debate on the floor of the Senate on November 30, 2016: a Decem-ber 6, 2016, letter signed by the Associa-tion of State Criminal Investigative Agencies, the International Associa-tion of Chiefs of Police, the Major Cit-ies Chiefs Association, the National District Attorneys Association, the Na-tional Sheriffs’ Association, and the Sergeant’s Benevolent Association NYPD; a December 5, 2016, letter signed by the Federal Law Enforcement Offi-cers Association; a December 5, 2016, letter signed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation Agents Association; a December 5, 2016, letter signed by the National Fraternal Order of Police; and, a December 5, 2016, letter signed by the National Association to Protect Children. 
DECEMBER 6, 2016. Re: Rule 41 Changes. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , Chairman Hon. P
ATRICK LEAHY , Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  M
EMBER LEAHY : We write in support of changes to Rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure that improve the ability of law enforcement to obtain evidence de-spite efforts by criminals to hide behind technology. The changes encourage judicial oversight of complex online investigations and give investigators a clear roadmap to seek authorization for their techniques. Rule 41 improvements help solve a simple conundrum for law enforcement: if you don’t know where a computer is located that is being used to commit a crime, how do you know which court to ask for a search war-rant to find the computer? Investigators sought these common-sense changes because they needed court oversight and authoriza-tion to identify criminals hiding behind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.055 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6834 December 7, 2016 
technological barriers, not because they wanted to avoid oversight. Rule 41 only governs cases where investiga-tors are seeking a search warrant issued by a neutral magistrate based upon probable cause, particularly describing the place to be searched and the persons or things to be seized. If these changes are not made, then criminals could hide behind anonymizing services with impunity, knowing that law enforcement could never lawfully figure out which court had jurisdiction over them. The stated goal of several legislative re-forms addressing law enforcement access to digital evidence is to modernize the law to accommodate changing technology, pre-serving law enforcement access while pro-tecting privacy. Ensuring that law enforce-ment can access evidence it needs with ap-propriate judicial oversight is precisely what these Rule 41 changes will do. Sincerely, A
SSOCIATION OF STATE  C
RIMINAL INVESTIGATIVE  A
GENCIES , I
NTERNATIONAL  A
SSOCIATION OF CHIEFS  
OFPOLICE , M
AJOR CITIES CHIEFS  A
SSOCIATION , M
AJOR COUNTY SHERIFFS ’ A
SSOCIATION , N
ATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  P
OLICE ORGANIZATIONS , N
ATIONAL DISTRICT  A
TTORNEYS ASSOCIATION  N
ATIONAL SHERIFFS ’ A
SSOCIATION , N
ATIONAL SHERIFFS ’ A
SSOCIATION , S
ERGEANT ’SBENEVOLENT  A
SSOCIATION NYPD. 
FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT  O
FFICERS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, December 5, 2016. Re: Rule 41 Amendments. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC, Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , Chairman, Senate Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY REID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK J. L EAHY , Ranking Member, Senate Committee on the Ju-diciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATORS : On behalf of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association (FLEOA)—the nation’s largest professional, non-profit association representing over 26,000 federal law enforcement officers from 65 agencies—I am writing to express our strong support for the recently implemented amendments to Rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. These amendments will enhance and improve the ability for law enforcement officials to investigate and prosecute terrorists, transnational child por-nographers, and cyber criminals who use computer networks to conceal their physical location. FLEOA shares the same opinion of the Federal Bureau of Investigation Agent’s As-sociation (FBIAA), the National Association of Assistant United States Attorneys (NAAUSA) and the National Association to Protect Children. We all agree that the Rule 41 amendments are necessary to address in-vestigative hindrances that result from the difficulty of identifying the exact location of a computer when seeking a warrant. Terror-ists and criminals frequently use complex computer networks, spread across the coun-try and the world to anonymize communica-tions, but the previous version of Rule 41 only allowed magistrate judges to issue war-rants for evidence within their jurisdictions. This situation created ambiguity and signifi-cant burdens for investigators allowing transnational sexual predators and cyber criminals anonymity. The Rule 41 amendments resolve the uncer-tainty surrounding the warrant process by establishing a court-supervised framework for conducting investigations that will pro-tect the privacy interests of the public. FLEOA believes these changes, which took effect on December 1, 2016 are reasonable and necessary. Respectively, NATHAN CATURA , FLEOA National President. 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION  A
GENTS ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, VA, December 5, 2016. Re: Rule 41 Amendments. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , Chairman, Senate Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY REID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK J. L EAHY , Ranking Member, Senate Committee on the Ju-diciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATORS : On behalf of the FBI Agents Association (‘‘FBIAA’’), a voluntary professional association currently rep-resenting over 13,000 active duty and retired FBI Special Agents, I write to express our support for the recently implemented amendments to Rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (‘‘Rule 41’’). These amendments will enhance the ability for law enforcement officials to investigate and prosecute criminals, such as terrorists and child pornographers, who use computer net-works to disguise their physical location. The FBIAA shares the opinion of FBI Di-rector Comey and the Department of Justice that the narrow changes included in the Rule 41 amendments are necessary to address in-vestigative obstacles that result from the difficulty of identifying the specific location of a computer when seeking a warrant. Criminals frequently use complex computer networks spread across the country and the world to anonymize their communications, but the previous version of Rule 41 only al-lowed magistrate judges to issue warrants for evidence within their jurisdictions. This situation created uncertainty and significant administrative burdens for investigators, and as Director Comey noted earlier this year, the previous iteration of Rule 41 cre-ated problems ‘‘for some of our most impor-tant investigations.’’ The Rule 41 amendments resolve the uncer-tainty surrounding the warrant process by establishing a court-supervised framework for conducting investigations that will pro-tect the privacy interests of the public. The FBIAA believes these changes, which took effect on December 1, 2016, are reasonable and necessary. The FBIAA is pleased that the Senate did not interfere with the implementation of the Rule 41 amendments, and we look forward to continuing our work with Congress on these important issues. If you have any questions, please contact me, FBIAA General Counsel Dee Martin, dee.martin@bracewelllaw.com, and Joshua Zive, joshua.zive@bracewelllaw.com. Sincerely, T
HOMAS O’CONNOR , President. NATIONAL FRATERNAL  O
RDER OF POLICE , Washington, DC, December 5, 2016. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK J. L EAHY , Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN AND SENATOR LEAHY , I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to advise you of our strong and continued support for the changes to Rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure made by the U.S. De-partment of Justice. The FOP supports these changes and we believe they will benefit law enforcement of-ficers conducting online investigations. These changes will ensure that Federal agents know which judge to go to in order to apply for a warrant when the cybercriminals they are investigating have hidden their lo-cation through anonymizing technology. This search warrant will help law enforce-ment discover where these criminals are lo-cated and end their illicit activity. Law enforcement officers are now able to obtain warrants from a single judge instead of multiple applications in many jurisdic-tions to obtain the same information. This will help speed up investigations into crimes like computer hacking, where offenders un-lawfully access computers remotely and cross jurisdictional boundaries. On behalf of the more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, I want to thank you for your consistent strong support for the men and women of law enforcement throughout this country. I look forward to working with you and your staff on this issue. If I can be of any additional help in this matter, please do not hesitate to con-tact me or Executive Director Jim Pasco in my Washington office. Sincerely, C
HUCK CANTERBURY , National President. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION TO  P
ROTECT CHILDREN , Knoxville, TN, December 5, 2016. Hon. J
OHNCORNYN : U.S. Senate, Majority Whip, Chair, Judiciary Subcommittee on The Constitution, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARSENATOR CORNYN , We are writing you in support of the amendment to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, Rule 41. It has been with great concern over the last decade that we have watched as child sexual preda-tors take advantage of new technologies, in-cluding ways to hide their exploitation of children through the use of proxies, anonymizers and encryption. The internet was not created to give tech-nologically savvy offenders an advantage in obfuscating their crimes, and offenders who participate in the global demand for the rape and torture of children should not be re-warded for being good at hiding. Make no mistake, the offenders who take advantage of the ‘‘dark web’’ are some of the most dangerous offenders that exist. For proof of this one need look no further than one of the most notorious ICE cases in his-tory, the recent ‘‘Operation Delego’’. This transnational child exploitation case in-volved between 600–900 of the worst offenders ICE has seen. It led to 72 indictments (of which 15 are for ‘‘John Doe’’ warrants) and 57 arrests. This investigation uncovered a pri-vate bulletin board where hands on offenders produced hardcore child rape imagery and shared it by utilizing sophisticated proxies and encryption methods. The members were segregated into groups, including a ‘‘Super VIP’’ section and according to the ‘‘Hawkeye 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:00 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.047 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6835 December 7, 2016 
Indictment’’ provided by the US Department of Justice, ‘‘The rules controlling what could be posted in that section were as follows: ‘‘Keep the girls under 13, in fact, I really need to see 12 or younger to know your (sic) a brother’’. and: ‘‘It’s very young kids, getting (expletive), and preteens in distress and or crying, etc. . . Getting hit hard on the ass, with a belt and so on . . . I can’t believe some of you guys can’t work it out for yourselves? And ‘‘pretend’’ bondage, ‘‘pretend light whip-ping’’ is not super hardcore. If the girl looks total (sic) comfortable, she’s not in distress, it does NOT belong I (sic) this section (smiley face icon)’’. In another transnational child exploitation case investigated by ICE dubbed ‘‘Operation Round Table’’, Jonathon Johnson, a 27 year old predator from Louisiana, operated a 27,000 member hidden service site on TOR for the production and dissemination of child sexual abuse images. Johnson created a ‘‘honeypot’’ site by stealing a young wom-an’s identity and pretending to be her. Not only did he persuade over 251 child victims to provide him with sexually explicit images and video but he was successful in con-vincing some of his victims to sexually as-sault their younger relatives on camera for him, some of whom were under the age of 3. We applaud Congress and the US Supreme Court for providing this amendment to rule 41, which can only be described as long over-due. The internet has provided vexing chal-lenges to today’s law enforcement efforts to protect children and for their sake govern-ment must keep pace. With much gratitude, C
AMILLE COOPER , Director, Government Affairs, The Na-tional Association to PROTECT Children & PROTECT. f 
TRIBUTE TO DEPARTING SENATORS Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor our colleagues who are leaving us at the end of this Congress, six individuals who have done a lot to shape how the Senate op-erates today. First I would like to thank my three Republican colleagues who are depart-ing. Thank you not only for their serv-ice to our country but your willingness to work with me and other members of my party on a number of issues. 
DAN COATS  
Mr. President, Senator C OATS and I served on the Intelligence Committee together. He was a supporter of many of our efforts, including our encryption bill to require all companies to abide by lawful court orders. 
MARK KIRK  
Mr. President, Senator M ARK KIRK took a brave stance on gun violence issues, bucking his party by cospon-soring our amendment to close the ter-rorist loophole. 
KELLY AYOTTE  
Mr. President, Senator A YOTTE and I have worked very closely to improve breast cancer detection. I am hopeful that together we can pass our bill be-fore the end of this Congress. I would also like to speak to three of my closest colleagues on our side of the aisle. Over the past 24 years, I have had the pleasure of serving in the Senate with HARRY REID, BARBARA MIKULSKI , and B
ARBARA BOXER , and I am grateful not just for our working relationships but for the close friendships I have formed with each of them. 
HARRY REID  
Mr. President, Senator R EID has served in Congress since 1983, and he has been our party’s leader for the past decade. Despite more than three dec-ades in Washington, Senator R
EIDstill retains the values instilled in him while growing up in Searchlight, NV. Often described as a tough fighter, he has respect from both sides of the aisle for being a consensus builder who is willing to constantly work to find a deal. One issue on which Senator R
EIDand I share a passion is Lake Tahoe, the High Sierra lake that straddles the California-Nevada border. Twenty years ago, H
ARRY invited President Bill Clinton to announce a major commitment to restoring the health of Lake Tahoe. That first sum-mit launched a public-private partner-ship that has now invested $1.2 billion in conservation and restoration projects around the lake. This year, Senator R
EIDtold me he wanted to turn the annual summit into a celebration by inviting President Obama to speak. The event was a huge success, with more than 7,000 people at-tending. I will miss H
ARRY ’s passion and lead-ership, but if anyone deserves a break, it is him. 
BARBARA MIKULSKI  
Mr. President, B ARBARA MIKULSKI is another fearless leader whom I admire. When I first came to the Senate in November of 1992, there were only three female Senators: Jocelyn Bur-dick of North Dakota, who retired a month later; Nancy Kassebaum of Kan-sas; and, of course, Senator B
ARB. Senator M
IKULSKI often quips, ‘‘I may be short, but I won’t be over-looked.’’ History certainly will not overlook the contributions she has made. Rising to become the first woman to chair the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee, Senator M
IKULSKI is often de-scribed as a trailblazer. To the women in the Senate, she is a mentor, the dean of the Senate women. From three women in 1992 to 20 women senators today—and 21 in the next Congress, much of that progress can be attributed to the leadership of the longest serving woman in Congress, Senator M
IKULSKI . 
BARBARA BOXER  
Mr. President, finally, I would like to talk about my partner from California, B
ARBARA BOXER . Senator B
OXER and I were elected to the Senate on the same day in 1992, the ‘‘Year of the Woman.’’ The day BARBARA was sworn in was historic; it was the first time two women represented their State to-gether in the Senate. That is an honor I am grateful to have shared with my good friend. From the Marin County Board of Su-pervisors, to the House of Representa-tives, to the United States Senate— Senator B
OXER has been a champion for families, children, consumers, and the environment. She rose to become the chair and now ranking member of the Environment and Public Works Committee. I have great respect for Senator B
OXER ’s pas-sion, dedication, and enthusiasm for protecting the environment. No one does it better. She led an effort to protect Califor-nia’s coast from offshore drilling. She authored the California Missions Pres-ervation Act to restore and protect the 21 historic missions in California. She helped create Pinnacles National Park, Fort Ord National Monument, and Cae-sar Chavez National Monument. And she led the effort to expand the Gulf of Farallones and Cordell Bank National Marine Sanctuaries. In California, there are now more than 1 million acres of protected wil-derness thanks to Senator B
OXER . But she was more than just a cham-pion for our environment. In the Senate, B
ARBARA was a staunch advocate for issues related to children. She pushed to protect children from dangerous toys by removing lead or other dangerous chemicals and requir-ing cautionary warnings on children’s products sold over the Internet. She fought to remove arsenic from drinking water to protect children. As chair of the After School Caucus, she wrote leg-islation to secure Federal funding for afterschool programs. Thanks to Sen-ator B
OXER , 1.6 million children now have a safe place to go after school. She fought for our servicemembers. She founded the Military Families Caucus to provide support for the fami-lies of servicemembers. She helped es-tablish the West Coast Combat Care Center in San Diego, so that southern California veterans with traumatic wounds would have access to quality care. And Senator B
OXER fought for con-sumers. She authored a bipartisan measure to prevent a conflict of interest with banks acting as real estate brokers. After the housing crisis, she wrote measures to protect homeowners whose mortgage is transferred or sold. And she pushed for legislation to help homeowners refinance with lower rates—thanks to that effort, 1 million borrowers were able to save thousands of dollars in interest payments each year. And finally, B
ARBARA was a staunch defender of women’s rights. She led the floor fight to pass the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act and pushed back against repeated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.049 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6836 December 7, 2016 
attacks on women’s health and a wom-an’s right to privacy. Her efforts led to the passage of the Violence Against Women Act that protects women from domestic and sexual abuse. She worked closely with then-Sen-ator J
OEBIDEN to pass that landmark bill. After she announced her retire-ment, the Vice President said: ‘‘You al-ways knew in the Senate if you had B
ARBARA on your side, you didn’t need much more.’’ Well, I have been lucky to have B
AR-
BARA by my side for the past 24 years. She has been a strong advocate for the people of California, and I am grateful to have served with her. I am also grateful for the friendship we have shared over the years. B
ARBARA and her husband, Stewart, are two of the kindest, most caring people I have had the pleasure of know-ing. Their marriage of more than 50 years has brought them considerable joy. Together they raised two wonder-ful children and are now blessed with four grandchildren. I am sure she is looking forward to spending more time with them. While she may be retiring from the Senate, the passion B
ARBARA displayed for public service will not end. I know she will continue to advocate and remain a powerful voice for the causes she championed here in the United States Senate. I look forward to seeing what she is able to accomplish in the next phase of her life and offer her best wishes in a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA BOXER Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Senator B
AR-
BARA BOXER , who has served her State and country with boundless energy, en-thusiasm, and exuberance. Senator B
OXER ’s 24 years in the Sen-ate are only part of her legacy of lead-ership and accomplishments. Pre-viously, she served for 10 years in the House of Representatives for Califor-nia’s Sixth Congressional District and before that as the first woman presi-dent of the Marin County Board of Su-pervisors. That remarkable record of service in-cludes another record. In her reelection in 2004, Senator B
OXER received nearly 7 million votes, the most in Senate his-tory until that time and a mark that stood for 8 years. During her service in the Senate, Senator B
OXER has established herself as a champion of the environment, in-frastructure, and medical research. Along with Senator I
NHOFE , she au-thored a 5-year transportation bill that many thought was an impossible task in a gridlocked Senate. But she worked across the aisle and did it. The United States-Israel Enhanced Security Co-operation Act she authored in 2012 re-affirmed the special relationship be-tween our two countries and is another of Senator B
OXER ’s accomplishments. It has been especially rewarding to work with her on legislation to better protect women from violence, in our country and around the world. In her first campaign for Congress in 1982, she ran under the slogan, ‘‘Bar-bara Boxer Gives a Damn.’’ She always has and always will. It is a pleasure to thank Senator BARBARA BOXER for her years of service and to wish her and her husband, Stewart, many more years of good health and great happiness. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY AYOTTE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, Maine and New Hampshire share a border, a history, and an invigorating climate. When K
ELLY AYOTTE came to the Sen-ate 6 years ago, I immediately saw in her those traits shared by the people of our two States: a strong work ethic, a respect for tradition balanced by a spirit of innovation, and fiscal pru-dence always tempered by compassion. During those years, I came to know Senator A
YOTTE as a diligent, ener-getic, and committed public servant. She brought with her to the Senate a remarkable record of public service. As her State’s attorney general, she fought hard to protect the people of New Hampshire and the environment that is so crucial to their way of life. It has been rewarding to work with her on such bipartisan efforts as the Terrorist Firearms Prevention Act, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and addressing the opioid addiction crisis confronting our States. From her sup-port for land conservation to advancing biomass energy, she has been a strong leader in the wise use of natural re-sources and their role in growing the economy. Coming from a military family, she has demonstrated her respect for our men and women in uniform as a mem-ber of the Armed Services Committee and is recognized as a leading voice on national security issues and the well- being of our veterans. We have joined together on many occasions to advo-cate for the Portsmouth Naval Ship-yard that is so important to our Na-tion’s defense and to the dedicated men and women of our two States who work there. It has been an honor to serve with K
ELLY AYOTTE in the United States Senate, and the American people are better off for her service. I wish K
ELLY  and her wonderful family all the best in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT STEVEN C. OWEN Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, today I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring the life of Sergeant Steven C. Owen, a beloved husband and father who tragically lost his life in the line of duty on October 5, 2016. Sergeant Owen was born in Encino, CA, and proudly joined the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s department almost three decades ago. He spent most of his career at the Lancaster Sheriff’s sta-tion, patrolling the streets of his Ante-lope Valley community with pride. Well known for his courage as well as kindness, Sergeant Owen received a Meritorious Conduct Medal in 2014 after safely rescuing a hostage held at gunpoint, devising the rescue plan and ensuring that his deputies were kept out of harm’s way. Colleagues fondly remembered Ser-geant Owen’s tireless work ethic, self-less nature, and deep commitment to the community he served. ‘‘Sergeant Owen had the qualities of a religious man—maybe a priest, a minister or a rabbi, or someone who took vows to serve mankind,’’ said Los Angeles County Sheriff Jim McDonnell. ‘‘He fed the hungry, he clothed those who need-ed it, and Steve Owen comforted the traumatized.’’ Outside of work, Sergeant Owen spent most of his time volunteering, coaching youth football, and men-toring young students. He also taught landlords and businessowners how to reduce crime on their properties. A skilled water-skier and equestrian, Sergeant Owen also enjoyed camping and gardening in his free time. Above all else, Sergeant Owen was devoted to his family and his faith. On behalf of the people of California, whom Sergeant Owen served so brave-ly, I extended my gratitude and deepest sympathies to his wife, Tania; children, Branden, Chadd, and Shannon; and his entire extended family. f 
HONORING OFFICER LESLEY ZEREBNY Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring to the life of Police Officer Lesley Zerebny, a beloved wife, devoted moth-er, and esteemed colleague who was tragically killed in the line of duty on October 8, 2016. Officer Zerebny was born in Hemet, CA, to David and Luanne Kling. She was raised in a law enforcement family and expressed a desire to become a po-lice officer from a young age. In 2014, Officer Zerebny joined the Palm Springs Police Department as a police officer trainee and was promoted to po-lice officer after graduating from the Riverside County Sheriff’s Academy. Her positive attitude and commit-ment to the job helped Officer Zerebny stand out at the Palm Springs Police Department. She consistently accepted additional assignments and always of-fered a helping hand to her colleagues. She was described as ‘‘small in stature, but fearless’’ and ‘‘fiery, creative, full of life and tough as nails.’’ Hard-work-ing, dedicated, and compassionate, Of-ficer Zerebny courageously served her community with distinction. Officer Zerebny took enormous pride in everything she set out to do—espe-cially in her service as a police offi-cer—but her proudest accomplishment was her family. On behalf of the people of California whom Officer Zerebny served so bravely, I extend my heart-felt condolences to her husband, Zach; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:11 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.094 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6837 December 7, 2016 
daughter, Cora; and her parents, David and Luanne. 
f 
REMEMBERING HAROLD JOHN SHIMER Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, today marks the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. It was during that fateful event that more than 2,400 American lives were lost and another 1,100 were wounded. While that day took a tragic toll, he-roes were made of those who rushed to action. I wish to honor the life and memory of one such Pearl Harbor hero who went on to serve his country for an additional 20 years after that day. That man is Harold John Shimer, who passed away on October 30, 2016, at the age of 97 in Anacortes, WA. Mr. Shimer was born on February 12, 1919, in Wurstboro, NY, the son of Har-old and Irma Shimer. He attended schools in Wurstboro and Middleton, NY, and enjoyed working with his fa-ther on their 640-acre dairy farm. After graduating high school, Mr. Shimer joined the U.S. Navy. Mr. Shimer had begun his naval ca-reer as a storekeeper third class aboard the newly commissioned USS Helena, where the ship’s first assignment was as neutrality patrol in South America, protecting Uruguay and Argentina prior to the United States’ entrance into World War II. Mr. Shimer had the very unique and rare account of watch-ing the famous German Graf Spee war-ship and its captain, which had sunk nine merchant ships, scuttle itself after being pursued by English war-ships. The USS Helena was assigned to the Pacific, where it was at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. It was hit by a Japanese torpedo and lost 23 men. Mr. Shimer and the other surviving crew-members immediately fired back against the attackers. He passed am-munition for the new guns that had just been installed that summer. He re-called, ‘‘In a superhuman effort we emptied the ammunition locker in less than two hours.’’ Mr. Shimer and his team were credited with saving the USS Pennsylvania, the flagship of the fleet in a drydock just forward of the Helena. Following repairs, the Helena went on to win fame for sinking a num-ber of Japanese ships before being sunk herself by a submarine in 1943. Mr. Shimer returned to the States before being reassigned to establish a submarine depot in Fremantle, Aus-tralia, and was promoted to chief war-rant officer. In 1947, he was assigned to the Bureau of Naval Personnel in Washington, DC, then to Japan Naval Supply Depot, Yokosuka, Japan, and finally Naval Depot, Seattle, WA. Mr. Shimer had served aboard the USS Philippine Sea, USS Mount McKinley, and USS Constellation. He retired from Naval Station Seattle in June 1961, after 22 years of patriotic service to his country. Mr. Shimer’s great pleasure was golf-ing with all his friends in the Similk Men’s Golf Club, and he was an active member of Pearl Harbor Survivors, life member of VFW and American Legion, and member of the Anacortes Elks Lodge. Mr. Shimer is survived by his wife, Carolyn; daughters Patricia Arm-strong, Terrie Hughes, and step-daugh-ter Brenda Eissenstat; grandchildren Toni Gill and Clayton Hughes and step- grandsons Ethan and Daniel Eissenstat; great-grandchildren Mitch-ell, Jamie, and Katelin Gill and Hayley and Brynn Hughes; step-sister Gale Angelostro; sister-in-law Blanche Shimer; and numerous nieces and neph-ews. Please join me in extending our warmest gratitude to Mr. Shimer and his family for the years of dedicated service to his country and for being an upstanding and active member of the Anacortes community. His stories, which were described as no less than ‘‘amazing’’, will be missed, but they will also live on in the memories of family and friends that knew him well. 
f 
REMEMBERING LEROY MAZELL SMITH Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Leroy Mazell Smith, an aviation mechanic from Fordyce, AR, who was part of the illustrious Tuskegee Airmen and served his coun-try with honor and distinction. Born in 1927, Smith loved to tell the story of his birth with wry humor and fondness. A midwife helped his mother deliver him while on a bridge where some had taken refuge from the great Mississippi River flood of that year. They remained there for 4 days before his birth was documented. The result was that his birth certificate indicated a different date of birth, 4 days after his actual birthday. From that unusual beginning, he went on to lead a remarkable life. He credited his Baptist grandfather with having a large influence on him grow-ing up, including teaching him the value of hard work. He graduated from high school at age 16 and took preflight aeronautical classes. After graduation, Smith joined the U.S. Army Air Corps and became a mechanic. He completed basic training in Texas and was stationed at Chanute Field in Illinois. Later, during World War II, he was sent to Europe where he was as-signed to the Tuskegee Airmen Red Tail squadron. He remembered being scared during his time in theater but always relayed his sense of pride in the work he did and the fact that the Tuskegee unit never lost a bomber. Smith also helped break social and racial barriers in the military. As part of the group of African Americans who served in the Armed Forces in the mid- 20th century, he was among many serv-icemembers who confronted segrega-tion within the barracks and beyond. Even so, he recalled his time in the Army Air Corps as ‘‘one of his best memories.’’ Leroy Smith honorably served with the U.S. Army Air Corps and the U.S. Air Force for more than 25 years, in-cluding further combat tours in Korea and Vietnam. He retired in 1968 as a master sergeant. Leroy Mazell Smith passed away on December 1, 2016. He will be laid to rest on December 9, wearing an Air Force uniform complete with the medals he earned during his service, a recent re-quest that the nonprofit veterans’ sup-port group Team Red, White and Blue helped fulfill. Smith is an American hero whose ad-mirable service is recognized and ap-preciated by all Arkansans. I extend my sincere condolences to his family and friends, and I hope that they take comfort in the wonderful legacy that he leaves behind. f 
TRIBUTE TO JOE AND LOUISE HEAD Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Joe and Louise Head, recipients of the Greater Cin-cinnati Foundation’s 2016 Jacob E. Davis Volunteer Leadership Award, which is presented annually to honor citizens who have made significant contributions to the greater Cincinnati community. Recognized for their generosity as philanthropic and civic leaders, Joe and Louise have volunteered their time, talents, and treasure to countless community endeavors to make the greater Cincinnati community a better place to live. They have both been very active vol-unteers to many local organizations in-cluding Xavier University, Seven Hills School, the Metropolitan Growth Alli-ance, and the Cincinnati Nature Cen-ter. Joe and Louise have also provided significant leadership by serving as trustees and board members to many civic and charitable organizations. Louise is a former governing board chair of the Greater Cincinnati Foun-dation, and Joe is a former chair of the Christ Hospital Health Network board of directors. No couple is more commu-nity-minded, and the people of greater Cincinnati have been the beneficiaries. I would like to congratulate Joe and Louise Head on this award. 
f 
NASHVILLE FIRE DEPARTMENT’S CENTENNIAL Mr. BURR. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Nashville Fire Department in North Carolina. On De-cember 17, 2016, the men and women of the department will celebrate their 100th anniversary. The Nashville Fire Department has a tremendous history of dedicated serv-ice to its community. On December 17, 1916, it was outfitted with their first hose and reel to replace the previous bucket brigades. As the oldest fire de-partment in Nash County, NC, its vol-unteers and employees continue, to this day, risking their lives to protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.039 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6838 December 7, 2016 
the welfare of their citizens. I am so proud of their dedication to keeping us safe in the Tar Heel State. The mission of the Nashville Fire De-partment is to ‘‘protect lives, property, and the environment by providing skillful and cost effective fire and life safety services.’’ The Nashville Fire Department goes above and beyond ac-complishing this by answering approxi-mately 1,700 calls for service yearly for either fire protection, EMS response, or vehicle extrication. Additionally, this department specializes in trench rescue—one of the most challenging rescue events that emergency respond-ers can face. I salute the brave men and women of the Nashville Fire Department for 100 years of protective service to the peo-ple of Nashville, NC. Through their ef-forts, they make their community a better, safer place. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE CITY OF SANTA BARBARA ∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the tremendous accomplishments of the city of Santa Barbara, a commu-nity that has pioneered efforts in sus-tainability and environmental preser-vation for many years. For over four decades, the city of Santa Barbara has been a leader in pro-tecting and enhancing the local envi-ronment. In 1969, a devastating oil spill released an estimated 80,000 to 100,000 barrels of oil into the Santa Barbara Channel, resulting in public outcry over the significant damage to the ocean waters and wildlife. Local resi-dents and civic leaders immediately began advocating for environmental re-forms, and a few months later, Con-gress passed the National Environ-mental Policy Act, one of the first laws to establish a national framework for protecting our environment. Soon after, the California Coastal Commis-sion was created in 1972 as an inde-pendent State agency committed to preserving California’s beautiful coast-line. As the Santa Barbara community grew and the effects of global climate change became more apparent, local leaders developed innovative initia-tives to reduce waste, decrease emis-sions, and conserve natural resources. Specifically, the city imposed stormwater requirements for develop-ment projects to prevent runoff and implemented a shared-use vehicle pro-gram to reduce fuel costs and the num-ber of vehicles in the city’s fleet. These efforts helped cut water consumption by 15 to 20 percent and reduce emis-sions by 10 percent, respectively. Next year, Santa Barbara will begin using a state-of-the-art water desalination fa-cility that will reduce electrical de-mand and environmental impacts while supplying roughly 30 percent of the city’s water. I want to congratulate the city of Santa Barbara for its dedicated efforts to preserve our precious natural re-sources. Santa Barbara’s leadership will continue to make a profound dif-ference for generations to come. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO BRYON J. YOUNG ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the career of Mr. Bryon J. Young, executive director of the Army Contracting Command—Aber-deen Proving Ground (ACC–APG). Mr. Young will be retiring after 40 years of distinguished service to the country. Throughout his career, Mr. Young has proven himself a true public servant and his leadership will be truly missed. I would like to take this time to send my congratulations to Mr. Young on his retirement and reflect upon his long career, exemplified by his hard work, dedication, and passion. Mr. Young dedicated his career to the defense and service of his Nation and his fellow citizens. A graduate of the University of Delaware and Boston University in the 1970s, Mr. Young went on to complete degrees at the De-fense Systems Management College Program manager’s course and execu-tive program manager’s course, as well as the U.S. Army War College and the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College. Prior to his time with the Army Con-tracting Command, Mr. Young served for 27 years as an air defense officer in the Army with the 101st Airborne Divi-sion and as an ROTC instructor at Princeton University. Throughout his career, Mr. Young has displayed a com-mitment to excellence, and his numer-ous commands over the years are a tes-tament to his work ethic and dedica-tion. Among his many commands, Mr. Young has served as director of the U.S. Army Research Development and Engineering Command Contracting Center, director of the U.S. Army Con-tracting Agency in Falls Church, Vir-ginia, chief of staff to the Army Con-tracting Agency, commander of the De-fense Contract Management Agency Raytheon, and procurement team chief of U.S. Army Missile Command. Mr. Young’s years of service and experience have benefited not only those around him, but the Nation as a whole. In his most recent role as executive director of the Army Contracting Command— Aberdeen Proving Ground, Mr. Young managed a geographically dispersed contracting center responsible for exe-cuting more than 35,000 contracting ac-tions valued at $11 billion. Mr. Young’s dedication to the Armed Services and our country are evident not only from his four decades of serv-ice and leadership, but also from his numerous decorations, which include the Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, and the Army Achievement Medal. Throughout his long and distin-guished career in public service, Mr. Young has always placed his commu-nity and country first. We are all grateful for his dedicated service which will long be remembered. On behalf of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and a grateful Nation, I would like to once again extend my congratulations to Mr. Young on his retirement and thank him for his decades of public service. I wish him all the best in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate a mes-sage from the President of the United States submitting a nomination which was referred to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. (The message received today is print-ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 9:33 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1555. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino vet-erans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. S. 2234. An act to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in rec-ognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 1:47 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 817. An act to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon. S. 818. An act to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical correc-tions, and for other purposes. S. 2873. An act to require studies and re-ports examining the use of, and opportuni-ties to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. S. 3076. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for cas-kets or urns, and for other purposes. S. 3492. An act to designate the Traverse City VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.091 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6839 December 7, 2016 
Traverse City, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 756. An act to amend the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act to provide for the dissemination of information regarding available Federal programs relating to en-ergy efficiency projects for schools, and for other purposes. H.R. 875. An act to provide for alternative financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes. H.R. 3381. An act to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. H.R. 4150. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to modify the hours of employ-ment of physicians employed on a full-time basis by the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 4352. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram establishing a patient self-scheduling appointment system, and for other purposes. H.R. 4680. An act to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and pro-tecting the natural, historic, and cultural re-sources of our National Parks for the enjoy-ment of present and future generations, and for other purposes. H.R. 5399. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that physicians of the Department of Veterans Affairs fulfill the ethical duty to report to State licensing au-thorities impaired, incompetent, and uneth-ical health care activities. H.R. 6375. An act to provide for consider-ation of the extension under the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of No-Load Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems. H.R. 6394. An act to require the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report on promoting broadband Internet access service for veterans. H.R. 6401. An act to amend Public Law 94– 241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Is-lands. H.R. 6416. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 6438. An act to extend the waiver of limitations with respect to excluding from gross income amounts received by wrong-fully incarcerated individuals. 
The message further announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the resolution (H. Con. Res. 174) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 34. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The message also announced that the Speaker has signed the following en-rolled bills: 
S. 795. An act to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee em-ployees. S. 3395. An act to require limitations on prescribed burns. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 5:46 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 5790. An act to provide adequate pro-tections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 3516. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a best-practices peer review of each medical center of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to evaluate the efficacy of health care delivered at each such medical center. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, December 7, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 795. An act to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee em-ployees. S. 1555. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino vet-erans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. S. 2234. An act to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in rec-ognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II. S. 2577. An act to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science lab-oratories and medical examiner officers, to address training and equipment needs, to im-prove the performance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes. S. 3395. An act to require limitations on prescribed burns. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 425. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year exten-sion to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regard-ing eligibility for services under such pro-grams (Rept. No. 114–395). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: S. 8. A bill to provide for the approval of the Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Nor-way Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear En-ergy. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Con. Res. 30. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes. H. Con. Res. 40. A concurrent resolution encouraging reunions of divided Korean American families. S. Con. Res. 57. A concurrent resolution honoring in praise and remembrance the ex-traordinary life, steady leadership, and re-markable, 70-year reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 535. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 537. A resolution expressing pro-found concern about the ongoing political, economic, social and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela, urging the release of political prisoners, and calling for respect of constitu-tional and democratic processes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 1150. A bill to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterter-rorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes. By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 1182. A bill to exempt application of JSA attribution rule in case of existing agree-ments. By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2658. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the Federal Aviation Administration for fis-cal years 2016 through 2017, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment: H.R. 2845. A bill to promote access to bene-fits under the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 4481. A bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 to provide assistance for developing countries to promote quality basic education and to establish the goal of all children in school and learning as an ob-jective of the United States foreign assist-ance policy, and for other purposes. H.R. 4939. A bill to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean re-gion, the Caribbean diaspora community in the United States, and the private sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.012 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6840 December 7, 2016 
*Ann Begeman, of South Dakota, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expiring December 31, 2020. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE—TREATY The following executive report of committee was submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations: Treaty Doc. 114–12: Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro with 2 conditions and 7 declara-tions (Ex. Rept. 114–16) 
The text of the committee-rec-ommended resolution of advice and consent to ratification is as follows: 
As reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations: Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to Declarations and Conditions. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Protocol to the North At-lantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro, which was opened for signature in Brussels on May 19, 2016, and signed on be-half of the United States of America (the ‘‘Protocol’’) (Treaty Doc. 114–12), subject to the declarations of section 2 and the condi-tions of section 3. Sec. 2. Declarations. The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following declarations: (1) Reaffirmation that United States Mem-bership in NATO Remains a Vital National Security Interest of The United States.—The Senate declares that— (A) for more than 60 years the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization (NATO) has served as the preeminent organization to defend the countries in the North Atlantic area against all external threats; (B) through common action, the estab-lished democracies of North America and Eu-rope that were joined in NATO persevered and prevailed in the task of ensuring the sur-vival of democratic government in Europe and North America throughout the Cold War; (C) NATO enhances the security of the United States by embedding European states in a process of cooperative security planning and by ensuring an ongoing and direct lead-ership role for the United States in European security affairs; (D) the responsibility and financial burden of defending the democracies of Europe and North America can be more equitably shared through an alliance in which specific obliga-tions and force goals are met by its mem-bers; (E) the security and prosperity of the United States is enhanced by NATO’s collec-tive defense against aggression that may threaten the security of NATO members; and (F) United States membership in NATO re-mains a vital national security interest of the United States. (2) Strategic Rationale For NATO Enlarge-ment.—The Senate finds that— (A) the United States and its NATO allies face continued threats to their stability and territorial integrity; (B) an attack against Montenegro, or its destabilization arising from external subver-sion, would threaten the stability of Europe and jeopardize United States national secu-rity interests; (C) Montenegro, having established a democratic government and having dem-onstrated a willingness to meet the require-ments of membership, including those nec-essary to contribute to the defense of all NATO members, is in a position to further the principles of the North Atlantic Treaty and to contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area; and (D) extending NATO membership to Monte-negro will strengthen NATO, enhance sta-bility in Southeast Europe, and advance the interests of the United States and its NATO allies. (3) Support for NATO’s Open Door Pol-icy.—The policy of the United States is to support NATO’s Open Door Policy that al-lows any European country to express its de-sire to join NATO and demonstrate its abil-ity to meet the obligations of NATO mem-bership. (4) Future Consideration Of Candidates For Membership In NATO.— (A) Senate Finding.—The Senate finds that the United States will not support the acces-sion to the North Atlantic Treaty of, or the invitation to begin accession talks with, any European state (other than Montenegro), un-less— (i) the President consults with the Senate consistent with Article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States (re-lating to the advice and consent of the Sen-ate to the making of treaties); and (ii) the prospective NATO member can ful-fill all of the obligations and responsibilities of membership, and the inclusion of such state in NATO would serve the overall polit-ical and strategic interests of NATO and the United States. (B) Requirement for Consensus and Ratifi-cation.—The Senate declares that no action or agreement other than a consensus deci-sion by the full membership of NATO, ap-proved by the national procedures of each NATO member, including, in the case of the United States, the requirements of Article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States (relating to the advice and consent of the Senate to the making of trea-ties), will constitute a commitment to col-lective defense and consultations pursuant to Articles 4 and 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty. (5) Influence Of Non-NATO Members On NATO Decisions.—The Senate declares that any country that is not a member of NATO shall have no impact on decisions related to NATO enlargement. (6) Support for 2014 Wales Summit Defense Spending Benchmark.—The Senate declares that all NATO members should continue to move towards the guideline outlined in the 2014 Wales Summit Declaration to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their Gross Domes-tic Product (GDP) on defense and 20 percent of their defense budgets on major equipment, including research and development, by 2024. (7) Support for Montenegro’s Democratic Reform Process.—Montenegro has made dif-ficult reforms and taken steps to address corruption. The United States and other NATO member states should not consider this important process complete and should continue to urge additional reforms. Sec. 3. Conditions. The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following conditions: (1) Presidential Certification.—Prior to the deposit of the instrument of ratification, the President shall certify to the Senate as fol-lows: (A) The inclusion of Montenegro in NATO will not have the effect of increasing the overall percentage share of the United States in the common budgets of NATO. (B) The inclusion of Montenegro in NATO does not detract from the ability of the United States to meet or to fund its military requirements outside the North Atlantic area. (2) Annual Report on NATO Member De-fense Spending.—Not later than December 1 of each year during the 8-year period fol-lowing the date of entry into force of the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report, which shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may be accompanied by a classified annex, and which shall contain the following informa-tion: (A) The amount each NATO member spent on its national defense in each of the pre-vious 5 years. (B) The percentage of GDP for each of the previous 5 years that each NATO member spent on its national defense. (C) The percentage of national defense spending for each of the previous 5 years that each NATO member spent on major equipment, including research and develop-ment. (D) Details on the actions a NATO member has taken in the most recent year reported to move closer towards the NATO guideline outlined in the 2014 Wales Summit Declara-tion to spend a minimum of 2 percent of its GDP on national defense and 20 percent of its national defense budget on major equipment, including research and development, if a NATO member is below either guideline for the most recent year reported. Sec. 4. Definitions. In this resolution: (1) Appropriate Congressional Commit-tees.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on For-eign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives. (2) NATO Members.—The term ‘‘NATO members’’ means all countries that are par-ties to the North Atlantic Treaty. (3) Non-NATO Members.—The term ‘‘non- NATO members’’ means all countries that are not parties to the North Atlantic Treaty. (4) North Atlantic Area.—The term ‘‘North Atlantic area’’ means the area covered by Article 6 of the North Atlantic Treaty, as ap-plied by the North Atlantic Council. (5) North Atlantic Treaty.—The term ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty’’ means the North Atlantic Treaty, signed at Washington April 4, 1949 (63 Stat. 2241; TIAS 1964), as amended. (6) United States Instrument of Ratifica-tion.—The term ‘‘United States instrument of ratification’’ means the instrument of ratification of the United States of the Pro-tocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. WARREN: S. 3511. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to expand the Secretarial Designee Program of the Department of Defense to in-clude victims of acts of terror; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. GRAHAM: S. 3512. A bill to reauthorize the Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities His-toric Preservation Program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.016 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6841 December 7, 2016 
By Mr. FLAKE: S. 3513. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to facilitate communica-tion between U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and border ranchers in Arizona and other border States and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mrs. BOXER: S. 3514. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recre-ation Area to include the Rim of the Valley Corridor, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. 3515. A bill to authorize previously ap-propriated resources for communities to ad-dress persistent or historical crime through collaborative cross-sector partnerships; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. M
CCAIN: S. 3516. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a best-practices peer review of each medical center of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to evaluate the efficacy of health care delivered at each such medical center; read the first time. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , and Mr. B ROWN ): S. 3517. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide appropriate rules for the application of the deduction for income attributable to domestic production activities with respect to certain contract manufacturing or production arrangements; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. A
YOTTE , and Mr. C ORNYN ): S. 3518. A bill to impose nonnuclear sanc-tions with respect to Iran, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. D
URBIN , and Mr. F RANKEN ): S. 3519. A bill to address the psychological, social, and emotional needs of children, youth, and families who have experienced trauma, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. F
RANKEN , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. Res. 632. A resolution supporting a tran-sition to 100 percent clean, renewable energy to help consumers, support the economy and national security of the United States, and avoid the worst impacts of climate change; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. BOOKER: S. Con. Res. 58. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that rates for inmate calling service should not exceed the affordable modified rate caps adopted by the Federal Communications Commission; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 24 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 24, a bill to clarify that an authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority shall not authorize the detention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful perma-nent resident of the United States. S. 299 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1524 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1524, a bill to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to es-tablish, finance, and carry out a co-ordinated program of research, edu-cation, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for con-crete masonry products. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1911, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2712 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2712, a bill to restore amounts improp-erly withheld for tax purposes from severance payments to individuals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for combat-related inju-ries, and for other purposes. 
S. 2748 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2748, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to in-crease the number of permanent fac-ulty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education pro-grams, to promote education and re-search in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of fac-ulty careers in academic palliative medicine. S. 2878 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2878, a bill to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through strong-er and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and vio-lent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes. 
S. 2895 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2895, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
AP-
ITO), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ), the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Sen-ator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2957, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemora-tive coins in recognition of the 50th an-niversary of the first manned landing on the Moon. 
S. 2989 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2989, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the United States mer-chant mariners of World War II, in rec-ognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Mar 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\DEC2016\S07DE6.REC S07DE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6842 December 7, 2016 
S. 3188 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3188, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the in-centives for biodiesel. 
S. 3256 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3256, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to pro-vide assistance for developing coun-tries to promote quality basic edu-cation and to establish the goal of all children in school and learning as an objective of the United States foreign assistance policy, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3284 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3284, a bill to oppose loans at inter-national financial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua unless the Government of Nicaragua is taking ef-fective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 3364 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3364, a bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to accept the donation of facilities and related im-provements for use by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 3478 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3478, a bill to require contin-ued and enhanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with Euro-pean governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes. 
S. 3504 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3504, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to implement Medicare payment policies designed to improve management of chronic dis-ease, streamline care coordination, and improve quality outcomes without add-ing to the deficit. 
S.J. RES. 40 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 40, a joint resolution approv-ing the location of a memorial to com-memorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces that served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE RESOLUTION 632—SUP-PORTING A TRANSITION TO 100 PERCENT CLEAN, RENEWABLE ENERGY TO HELP CONSUMERS, SUPPORT THE ECONOMY AND NATIONAL SECURITY OF THE UNITED STATES, AND AVOID THE WORST IMPACTS OF CLI-MATE CHANGE Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources: 
S. R ES. 632 Whereas, in December 2016, nearly 200 na-tions that are parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change adopted an historic international agreement to undertake ambitious efforts to combat climate change; Whereas transitioning to clean energy will help reduce carbon pollution in the United States, and combat climate change; Whereas transitioning to clean energy will help the United States meet its inter-national commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions; Whereas transitioning to a clean energy economy will create millions of well-paying jobs in the United States, save consumers in the United States money, and boost eco-nomic growth; Whereas low-income communities, commu-nities of color, and indigenous people in the United States are inordinately exposed to pollution from fossil fuels; Whereas distributed renewable energy and energy efficiency can provide access to local jobs in cities in the United States while cleaning up neighborhoods; Whereas, in 2005, the United States had fewer than 10,000 megawatts of installed wind and solar electric generating capacity; Whereas, in 2016, the United States has more than 100,000 megawatts of installed wind and solar electric generating capacity; Whereas, in 2016, the United States is pro-jected to add more electric generating capac-ity from solar and wind than from any other source; Whereas, by the end of 2016, there are pro-jected to be— (1) 310,000 individuals in the United States employed in the solar industry; and (2) 88,000 individuals in the United States employed in the wind industry; Whereas, by 2020, there are projected to be nearly 600,000 individuals in the United States employed in the wind and solar indus-tries; Whereas more than 
1⁄2of all new electricity capacity added in the world in 2015 was re-newable; and Whereas according to the National Renew-able Energy Laboratory, the United States has the technical potential to generate more than 100 times the quantity of electricity it consumes each year as of 2016 solely from wind, solar, and other renewable resources: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports a national goal of phasing out fossil fuel emissions and, by 2050, generating 100 percent of the electricity consumed in the United States from clean energy re-sources, such as solar, wind, geothermal, and other renewable resources; and (2) supports policies to achieve that goal that will— (A) create jobs for all individuals, espe-cially in communities with high rates of un-employment or underemployment, and build a sustainable economy; and (B) ensure universal access to clean energy for all homes and businesses in the United States, including for moderate- and low-in-come families. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 58—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT RATES FOR INMATE CALLING SERVICE SHOULD NOT EXCEED THE AFFORDABLE MODIFIED RATE CAPS ADOPTED BY THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Mr. BOOKER submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. C ON. RES. 58 Whereas an estimated 5,000,000 United States children have, or have had, a parent in prison or jail; Whereas phone calls make it easier for families of incarcerated individuals to main-tain positive relationships with their loved ones who are incarcerated; Whereas phone calls help to reduce recidi-vism and promote the well-being of children; Whereas a reduction in recidivism rates by just 1 percent would save United States tax-payers $250,000,000 per year in correctional costs; Whereas families of incarcerated individ-uals frequently experience financial hardship because of the loss of a key wage earner; Whereas the cost of maintaining contact with incarcerated loved ones through in-per-son visits can be prohibitive; Whereas written correspondence, espe-cially with small children and disabled indi-viduals, can be an inadequate way of main-taining communication; and Whereas the Federal Communications Commission has been steadfast in its efforts, in accordance with its authority under the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.)— (1) to bring about a compromise on inmate calling service rate caps; and (2) to ensure that those rates are just and reasonable: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that— (1) rates for inmate calling service should not exceed the affordable modified rate caps adopted by the Federal Communications Commission as of the date of the adoption of this resolution; and (2) reduced inmate calling service rates should be implemented swiftly because of the importance of inmate calling service as a rehabilitative means of communication. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I have five requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.021 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6843 December 7, 2016 
COMMITTE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 7, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room S–216 to the Capitol Building. 
COMMITTE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 7, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘As-sessing the Security of our Critical Surface Transportation Infrastruc-ture.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 7, 2016, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the De-partment of the Interior’s Land Buy- Back Program for Tribal Nations, Four Years Later.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ANTITRUST , COMPETITION  
POLICY , AND CONSUMER RIGHTS  
The Committee on Judiciary, Sub-committee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 7, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Competitive Impact of the AT&T-Time Warner Transaction.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 7, 2016, from 3 p.m. in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar Nos. 742 through 765 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion, and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Robert N. Polumbo The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Jerry D. Harris, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. James M. Holmes IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. William K. Lescher The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Kelly A. Aeschbach The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Vice Adm. Dixon R. Smith 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following Air National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Joel E. DeGroot Col. Christopher M. Faux Col. Robert J. Gregory, III Col. Henry U. Harder, Jr. Col. Eric W. Lind Col. David D. Zwart The following Air National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. David P. Baczewski Brig. Gen. Timothy J. Cathcart Brig. Gen. Brian T. Dravis Brig. Gen. James O. Eifert Brig. Gen. Richard W. Kelly Brig. Gen. Christopher J. Knapp Brig. Gen. Jon K. Mott Brig. Gen. Clayton W. Moushon Brig. Gen. Kerry L. Muehlenbeck Brig. Gen. Howard P. Purcell Brig. Gen. David P. San Clemente Brig. Gen. Michael R. Taheri Brig. Gen. Roger E. Williams, Jr. The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. Jesse T. Simmons, Jr. The following Air National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. David M. McMinn Brig. Gen. Ronald E. Paul The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. William E. Dickens, Jr. The following named officers for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Brian K. Borgen Col. Jeffrey S. Hinrichs Col. Jay D. Jensen Col. Bret C. Larson Col. Todd J. McCubbin Col. Patrice A. Melancon Col. Ellen M. Moore Col. Boyd C. L. Parker, IV Col. Steven B. Parker Col. Bryan P. Radliff Col. Scott A. Sauter Col. Constance M. Von Hoffman The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. Randolph J. Staudenraus The following named officers for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Craig L. LaFave Brig. Gen. Pamela J. Lincoln Brig. Gen. Donald R. Lindberg Brig. Gen. Randall A. Ogden Brig. Gen. James P. Scanlan Brig. Gen. Patrick M. Wade The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Stephen C. Melton 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Paul E. Funk, II The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Gary J. Volesky The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. James H. Dickinson The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be major general Brig. Gen. Patrick M. Hamilton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.031 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6844 December 7, 2016 
The following Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be major general Brig. Gen. Benjamin F Adams, III Brig. Gen. Wayne L. Black Brig. Gen. Christopher M. Burns Brig. Gen. Kurt S. Crytzer Brig. Gen. Ivan E. Denton Brig. Gen. James C. Ernst Brig. Gen. Kevin R. Griese Brig. Gen. Mark G. Malanka Brig. Gen. Roy V. McCarty Brig. Gen. Blake C. Ortner Brig. Gen. Christopher J. Petty Brig. Gen. Jessie R. Robinson Brig. Gen. Steven T. Scott Brig. Gen. Raymond F. Shields, Jr. Brig. Gen. Bryan E. Suntheimer Brig. Gen. Kirk E. Vanpelt Brig. Gen. Timothy J. Wojtecki Brig. Gen. Michael R. Zerbonia The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Mark A. Piterski The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Ellis F. Hopkins III The following Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Michael A. Abell Col. Joseph L. Biehler Col. Janeen L. Birckhead Col. Marti J. Bissell Col. Scott J. Boespflug Col. Raymond D. Bossert, Jr. Col. Patrick R. Bossetta Col. Thomas R. Bouchard Col. Robert A. Boyette Col. Kenneth E. Brandt Col. Stanley E. Budraitis Col. Anthony R. Camacho Col. Mike A. Canzoneri Col. Rita B. Casey Col. Gregory P. Chaney Col. Paul B. Chauncey, III Col. Bobby L. Christine Col. Edward J. Chrystal, Jr. Col. William E. Crane Col. Darrell W. Daniels Col. Gregory T. Day Col. Henry S. Dixon Col. Scott A. Doust Col. Dwaine E. Drummond Col. Diane L. Dunn Col. Robert A. Dwan Col. Leonard H. Dyer, Jr. Col. Steve D. Elliott Col. Francis J. Evon, Jr. Col. Kelly A. Fisher Col. Robert C. Frick Col. Robert B. Gaston Col. Andrew L. Gibson Col. Kerry W. Goodman Col. William D. Griswold Col. Dennis J. Humphrey Col. Robert W. Intress Col. Richard F. Johnson Col. Jeffrey A. Jones Col. Eric T. Judkins Col. Kipling V. Kahler Col. Moses Kaoiwi, Jr. Col. Eric K. Little Col. Zachary E. Maner Col. James R. Mathews Col. Mark A. Merlino Col. Douglas R. Messner Col. David J. Mikolaities Col. Charles W. Moore Col. Leah M. Moore Col. Michel A. Natali Col. Reginald G.A. Neal Col. John M. Oberkirsch Col. Stephen E. Osborn Col. Rodney B. Painting Col. Chad J. Parker Col. Roger A. Presley, Jr. Col. Jose J. Reyes Col. Frank M. Rice Col. Timothy L. Rieger Col. James W. Ring Col. John W. Rueger Col. Adam R. Silvers Col. Jeffrey D. Smiley Col. Michael E. Spraggins Col. Steven E. Stivers Col. Mechelle M. Tuttle Col. Jeffrey P. Van Col. Thomas M. Vickers, Jr. Col. Louis W. Wilham 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. (1h) Mary M. Jackson N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1553 AIR FORCE nominations (15) begin-ning DANIEL J. BESSMER, and ending CHRISTIE BARTON WALTON, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of June 16, 2016. PN1832 AIR FORCE nominations (28) begin-ning KIP T. AVERETT, and ending DANIEL S. WALKER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1833 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning SHAWN M. GARCIA, and ending MOR-GAN H. LAIRD, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1834 AIR FORCE nominations (1903) be-ginning DANIEL C. ABELL, and ending PETER ZWART, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1835 AIR FORCE nomination of Gary A. Fairchild, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1836 AIR FORCE nomination of Megan M. Luka, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1837 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning BRANDON D. CLINT, and ending ED-MUND J. RUTHERFORD, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1838 AIR FORCE nominations (90) begin-ning ISAMETTIN A. ARAL, and ending LES-LIE ANN ZYZDA-MARTIN, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. 
IN THE ARMY  PN1557 ARMY nomination of Brian C. Garver, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 16, 2016. PN1689 ARMY nomination of Clifford D. Johnston, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1692 ARMY nomination of Reinaldo Gonzalez, II, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2016. PN1712 ARMY nomination of Graham F. Inman which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2016. PN1839 ARMY nomination of Eileen K. Jenkins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1840 ARMY nomination of Jeffrey M. Farris, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1841 ARMY nomination of Matthew T. Bell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1842 ARMY nomination of Melissa B. Reister, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1843 ARMY nomination of Charles M. Causey, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1844 ARMY nominations (2) beginning STEPHEN A. LABATE, and ending RAY-MOND J. ORR, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1845 ARMY nomination of Roxanne E. Wallace, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1846 ARMY nomination of Eric A. Mitchell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1847 ARMY nomination of Jonathan J. Vannatta, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1848 ARMY nomination of Dennis D. Calloway, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1849 ARMY nominations (3) beginning KENNETH L. ALFORD, and ending BRUCE T. SIDEBOTHAM, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1850 ARMY nomination of Henry Spring, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1851 ARMY nomination of Craig A. Yunker, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1852 ARMY nomination of Cornelius J. Pope, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1853 ARMY nomination of Anthony K. McConnell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1854 ARMY nomination of Jennifer L. Cummings, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1855 ARMY nominations (2) beginning DONALD J. ERPENBACH, and ending TIM-OTHY A. FANTER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1857 ARMY nomination of Carl I. Shaia, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1858 ARMY nomination of Lisa M. Barden, which was received by the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.041 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6845 December 7, 2016 
and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1859 ARMY nomination of Roger D. Lyles, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1860 ARMY nomination of Clara A. Bieganek, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1861 ARMY nomination of Isaiah M. Garfias which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1862 ARMY nomination of Louis E. Her-rera, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1863 ARMY nomination of Schnicka L. Singleton, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1864 ARMY nomination of John R. Burchfield, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1865 ARMY nomination of Elizabeth S. Eatonferenzi, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1866 ARMY nomination of Richard D. Mina, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1867 ARMY nominations (44) beginning TEMIDAYO L. ANDERSON, and ending D0127914, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1869 ARMY nomination of Richard A. Gautier, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1870 ARMY nomination of Joseph A. Papenfus, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1871 ARMY nominations (9) beginning STUART G. BAKER, and ending WALTER D. VENNEMAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1872 ARMY nomination of David S. Yuen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1873 ARMY nomination of Donta A. White, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1874 ARMY nomination of Tony A. Hampton, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1875 ARMY nominations (18) beginning CHARLES C. ANDERSON, and ending JAMES D. WILLSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1876 ARMY nomination of David A. Yasenchock, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1877 ARMY nomination of Aaron C. Ramiro, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1878 ARMY nomination of Richard M. Strong, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1879 ARMY nomination of Brendon S. Baker, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1880 ARMY nominations (19) beginning LANNY J. ACOSTA, JR., and ending LANCE B. TURLINGTON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1900 ARMY nomination of Andrew J. Wade, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 16, 2016. PN1902 ARMY nomination of Christopher S. Besser, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 29, 2016. PN1903 ARMY nomination of Chad C. Black, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 29, 2016. PN1904 ARMY nomination of Thomas D. Starkey, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 29, 2016. 
IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  * PN1808 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (2) beginning Marva Michelle Butler, and ending Adonis Mariano Matos de Mello, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. * PN1907 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (2) beginning Stephen Donald Mull, and end-ing Victoria Jane Nuland, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 29, 2016. * PN1908 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (181) beginning Robert L. Adams, and ending Laura Ann Griesmer, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 29, 2016. * PN1909 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (5) beginning Robert Stephen Beecroft, and ending Marie L. Yovanovitch, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 29, 2016. * PN1910 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (42) beginning Tristan J. Allen, and ending William F. Zeman which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 29, 2016. * PN1911 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (180) beginning Anthony Abba, and ending Michael David Zgoda, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 29, 2016. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN1905 MARINE CORPS nomination of Joshua D. Fitzgarrald, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of November 29, 2016. PN1906 MARINE CORPS nomination of An-thony C. Lyons, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 29, 2016. 
IN THE NAVY  PN1633 NAVY nomination of Suzanne L. Hopkins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 13, 2016. PN1881 NAVY nominations (46) beginning JAFAR A. ALI, and ending ANTHONY K. WOLVERTON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1882 NAVY nomination of Meryl A. Severson, III, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1883 NAVY nomination of Ashley R. Bjorklund, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1884 NAVY nomination of Adeleke 0. Mowobi, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1885 NAVY nominations (2) beginning MARY K. ARBUTHNOT, and ending JOHN K. WERNER, JR., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1886 NAVY nomination of Stephen W. Hedrick, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1887 NAVY nomination of Vincent M. J. Ambrosino, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1888 NAVY nomination of Neal P. Ridge, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1891 NAVY nomination of Abdeslam Bousalham, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. PN1892 NAVY nomination of Scott M. Morey, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 15, 2016. PN1893 NAVY nomination of Christian R. Foschi, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 15, 2016. f LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 3516 Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I under-stand there is a bill at the desk and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3516) to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a best-prac-tices peer review of each medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs to evalu-ate the efficacy of health care delivered at each such medical center. 
Mr. TILLIS. I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 2016 Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, Decem-ber 8; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 2943 postcloture; fi-nally, that all postcloture time on the conference report to accompany S. 2943 expire at 12:30 p.m. tomorrow. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.042 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6846 December 7, 2016 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 8:24 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, December 8, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nomination received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
ANN BEGEMAN, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2020. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate December 7, 2016: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT N. POLUMBO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JERRY D. HARRIS, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. JAMES M. HOLMES 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. WILLIAM K. LESCHER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. KELLY A. AESCHBACH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. DIXON R. SMITH 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOEL E. DEGROOT COL. CHRISTOPHER M. FAUX COL. ROBERT J. GREGORY III COL. HENRY U. HARDER, JR. COL. ERIC W. LIND COL. DAVID D. ZWART THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID P. BACZEWSKI BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY J. CATHCART BRIG. GEN. BRIAN T. DRAVIS BRIG. GEN. JAMES O. EIFERT BRIG. GEN. RICHARD W. KELLY BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER J. KNAPP BRIG. GEN. JON K. MOTT BRIG. GEN. CLAYTON W. MOUSHON BRIG. GEN. KERRY L. MUEHLENBECK BRIG. GEN. HOWARD P. PURCELL BRIG. GEN. DAVID P. SAN CLEMENTE BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL R. TAHERI BRIG. GEN. ROGER E. WILLIAMS, JR. THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JESSE T. SIMMONS, JR. THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID M. MCMINN BRIG. GEN. RONALD E. PAUL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WILLIAM E. DICKENS, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. BRIAN K. BORGEN COL. JEFFREY S. HINRICHS COL. JAY D. JENSEN COL. BRET C. LARSON COL. TODD J. MCCUBBIN COL. PATRICE A. MELANCON COL. ELLEN M. MOORE COL. BOYD C. L. PARKER IV COL. STEVEN B. PARKER COL. BRYAN P. RADLIFF COL. SCOTT A. SAUTER COL. CONSTANCE M. VON HOFFMAN THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. RANDOLPH J. STAUDENRAUS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CRAIG L. LAFAVE BRIG. GEN. PAMELA J. LINCOLN BRIG. GEN. DONALD R. LINDBERG BRIG. GEN. RANDALL A. OGDEN BRIG. GEN. JAMES P. SCANLAN BRIG. GEN. PATRICK M. WADE THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STEPHEN C. MELTON 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. PAUL E. FUNK II THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GARY J. VOLESKY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JAMES H. DICKINSON THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. PATRICK M. HAMILTON THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. BENJAMIN F. ADAMS III BRIG. GEN. WAYNE L. BLACK BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER M. BURNS BRIG. GEN. KURT S. CRYTZER BRIG. GEN. IVAN E. DENTON BRIG. GEN. JAMES C. ERNST BRIG. GEN. KEVIN R. GRIESE BRIG. GEN. MARK G. MALANKA BRIG. GEN. ROY V. MCCARTY BRIG. GEN. BLAKE C. ORTNER BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER J. PETTY BRIG. GEN. JESSIE R. ROBINSON BRIG. GEN. STEVEN T. SCOTT BRIG. GEN. RAYMOND F. SHIELDS, JR. BRIG. GEN. BRYAN E. SUNTHEIMER BRIG. GEN. KIRK E. VANPELT BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY J. WOJTECKI BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL R. ZERBONIA THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: To be brigadier general 
COL. MARK A. PITERSKI THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ELLIS F. HOPKINS III THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL A. ABELL COL. JOSEPH L. BIEHLER COL. JANEEN L. BIRCKHEAD COL. MARTI J. BISSELL COL. SCOTT J. BOESPFLUG COL. RAYMOND D. BOSSERT, JR. COL. PATRICK R. BOSSETTA COL. THOMAS R. BOUCHARD COL. ROBERT A. BOYETTE COL. KENNETH E. BRANDT COL. STANLEY E. BUDRAITIS COL. ANTHONY R. CAMACHO COL. MIKE A. CANZONERI COL. RITA B. CASEY COL. GREGORY P. CHANEY COL. PAUL B. CHAUNCEY III COL. BOBBY L. CHRISTINE COL. EDWARD J. CHRYSTAL, JR. COL. WILLIAM E. CRANE COL. DARRELL W. DANIELS COL. GREGORY T. DAY COL. HENRY S. DIXON COL. SCOTT A. DOUST COL. DWAINE E. DRUMMOND COL. DIANE L. DUNN COL. ROBERT A. DWAN COL. LEONARD H. DYER, JR. COL. STEVE D. ELLIOTT COL. FRANCIS J. EVON, JR. COL. KELLY A. FISHER COL. ROBERT C. FRICK COL. ROBERT B. GASTON COL. ANDREW L. GIBSON COL. KERRY W. GOODMAN COL. WILLIAM D. GRISWOLD COL. DENNIS J. HUMPHREY COL. ROBERT W. INTRESS COL. RICHARD F. JOHNSON COL. JEFFREY A. JONES COL. ERIC T. JUDKINS COL. KIPLING V. KAHLER COL. MOSES KAOIWI, JR. COL. ERIC K. LITTLE COL. ZACHARY E. MANER COL. JAMES R. MATHEWS COL. MARK A. MERLINO COL. DOUGLAS R. MESSNER COL. DAVID J. MIKOLAITIES COL. CHARLES W. MOORE COL. LEAH M. MOORE COL. MICHEL A. NATALI COL. REGINALD G.A. NEAL COL. JOHN M. OBERKIRSCH COL. STEPHEN E. OSBORN COL. RODNEY B. PAINTING COL. CHAD J. PARKER COL. ROGER A. PRESLEY, JR. COL. JOSE J. REYES COL. FRANK M. RICE COL. TIMOTHY L. RIEGER COL. JAMES W. RING COL. JOHN W. RUEGER COL. ADAM R. SILVERS COL. JEFFREY D. SMILEY COL. MICHAEL E. SPRAGGINS COL. STEVEN E. STIVERS COL. MECHELLE M. TUTTLE COL. JEFFREY P. VAN COL. THOMAS M. VICKERS, JR. COL. LOUIS W. WILHAM 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) MARY M. JACKSON 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DANIEL J. BESSMER AND ENDING WITH CHRISTIE BARTON WALTON, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:12 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G07DE6.108 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6847 December 7, 2016 
WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 16, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KIP T. AVERETT AND ENDING WITH DANIEL S. WALKER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SHAWN M. GARCIA AND ENDING WITH MORGAN H. LAIRD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DANIEL C. ABELL AND ENDING WITH PETER ZWART, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF GARY A. FAIRCHILD, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MEGAN M. LUKA, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRANDON D. CLINT AND ENDING WITH EDMUND J. RUTHERFORD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ISAMETTIN A. ARAL AND ENDING WITH LESLIE ANN ZYZDA–MARTIN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF BRIAN C. GARVER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF CLIFFORD D. JOHNSTON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF REINALDO GONZALEZ II, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF GRAHAM F. INMAN, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF EILEEN K. JENKINS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JEFFREY M. FARRIS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MATTHEW T. BELL, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MELISSA B. REISTER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHARLES M. CAUSEY, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEPHEN A. LABATE AND ENDING WITH RAYMOND J. ORR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROXANNE E. WALLACE, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ERIC A. MITCHELL, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF JONATHAN J. VANNATTA, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DENNIS D. CALLOWAY, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KENNETH L. ALFORD AND ENDING WITH BRUCE T. SIDEBOTHAM, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF HENRY SPRING, JR., TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CRAIG A. YUNKER, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CORNELIUS J. POPE, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ANTHONY K. MCCONNELL, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JENNIFER L. CUMMINGS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DONALD J. ERPENBACH AND ENDING WITH TIMOTHY A. FANTER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF CARL I. SHAIA, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF LISA M. BARDEN, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROGER D. LYLES, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CLARA A. BIEGANEK, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ISAIAH M. GARFIAS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF LOUIS E. HERRERA, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF SCHNICKA L. SINGLETON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN R. BURCHFIELD, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ELIZABETH S. EATONFERENZI, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF RICHARD D. MINA, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TEMIDAYO L. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH D0127914, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF RICHARD A. GAUTIER, JR., TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOSEPH A. PAPENFUS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STUART G. BAKER AND ENDING WITH WALTER D. VENNEMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID S. YUEN, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DONTA A. WHITE, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF TONY A. HAMPTON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHARLES C. AN-DERSON AND ENDING WITH JAMES D. WILLSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID A. YASENCHOCK, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF AARON C. RAMIRO, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF RICHARD M. STRONG, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRENDON S. BAKER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LANNY J. ACOSTA, JR. AND ENDING WITH LANCE B. TURLINGTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF ANDREW J. WADE, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER S. BESSER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHAD C. BLACK, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF THOMAS D. STARKEY, TO BE COLONEL. IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JOSHUA D. FITZGARRALD, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF ANTHONY C. LYONS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF SUZANNE L. HOPKINS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAFAR A. ALI AND ENDING WITH ANTHONY K. WOLVERTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF MERYL A. SEVERSON III, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF ASHLEY R. BJORKLUND, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF ADELEKE O. MOWOBI, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARY K. ARBUTHNOT AND ENDING WITH JOHN K. WERNER, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 15, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF STEPHEN W. HEDRICK, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF VINCENT M. J. AMBROSINO, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF NEAL P. RIDGE, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF ABDESLAM BOUSALHAM, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF SCOTT M. MOREY, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF CHRISTIAN R. FOSCHI, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARVA MICHELLE BUTLER AND ENDING WITH ADONIS MARIANO MATOS DE MELLO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 15, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEPHEN DONALD MULL AND ENDING WITH VICTORIA JANE NULAND, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 29, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROBERT L. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH LAURA ANN GRIESMER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 29, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROBERT STEPHEN BEECROFT AND ENDING WITH MARIE L. YOVANOVITCH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 29, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TRISTAN J. ALLEN AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM F. ZEMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 29, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AN-THONY ABBA AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL DAVID ZGODA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NO-VEMBER 29, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07DE6.009 S07DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1609 December 7, 2016 
BEVERLY WINTERS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Beverly Winters for being recognized by the West Chamber as a 2016 Celebrate Women Honoree. Celebrate Women Honorees are known for their perseverance, accomplishments, generosity, and dedication to their passions and their community. Beverly is the current Executive Director of Developmental Disabilities Resource Center (DDRC). She began pursuing her dream of building a community that provided responsive support to individuals and families after grad-uating from the University of Denver with a Master’s degree in Social Work. At DDRC, Beverly assists people with intellectual and de-velopmental disabilities and serves in a variety of roles such as Residential Counselor, Med-icaid Waiver Coordinator, Case Manager, Di-rector of Resource Coordination and Assistant Executive Director. During her tenure at DDRC she has developed case management services, established the first Family Support Council and the highly successful DDRC be-havior health services program, and shaped the self-determination initiative. Prior to her work at the DDRC, she was the administrator of a residential care facility and a clinical services coordinator for a mental health clinic in Des Moines, Iowa. Beverly has also been a champion for abuse prevention as a member of various county, state and legisla-tive work groups and councils, including the HCPF Mental Health Advisory Committee, Conflict-Free Case-Management task force, Jefferson County Infant/Toddler Interagency Council, CORE Services Commission, Adult Protection Advisory Committee Jefferson County Child and Youth Leadership Commis-sion, and Jeffco Thrives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Bev-erly Winters for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 21ST CENTURY WILBERFORCE INITIATIVE 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 21st Century Wilberforce Initia-tive for working towards a world of religious freedom. On October 1, 2014, Dr. Randel Everett founded the 21st Century Wilberforce Initia-tive. Dr. Everett has a long and distinguished record of service, which includes establishing the John Leland Center for Theological Stud-ies, serving as the Executive Director of the Baptist General Convention of Texas, and over 40 years of pastoring all over the nation including as my own pastor at First Baptist Church in Midland, Texas. Under Dr. Everett’s leadership, the 21st Century Wilberforce Initiative has experienced remarkable growth and has left a lasting im-pact through their work. The organization has now grown to two offices: one in the Wash-ington, D.C. area that focuses on the United States’ engagement in protecting religious lib-erties and a second office in Dallas, Texas, which serves as a headquarters that mobilizes and engages with churches to help raise pub-lic awareness of people who are facing reli-gious oppression around the world. Since its conception, the 21st Century Wil-berforce Initiative has helped thousands of people worldwide by working alongside policy-makers. In 2015, members from the organiza-tion traveled to Iraq and met with Christians and Yazidis impacted by the Islamic State. Their report, ‘‘Edge of Extinction,’’ helped ele-vate the awareness regarding the atrocities of religious and ethnic minorities in the Nineveh Plain. Through their efforts, the organization was successful in establishing a Special Advi-sor for Religious Minorities in the Near East and South/Central Asia within the State De-partment and in passing H. Con. Res. 75, which officially declared ISIL’s persecution and mass murder of Christians, Yezidis, and other groups in Iraq and Syria as genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity. This bill passed the House on March 14, 2016, by a vote of 393–0—a success I was proud to sup-port. The 21st Century Wilberforce Initiative has become a leading advocate for religious mi-norities in other areas, such as northern and central Nigeria. Throughout 2016, the 21st Century Wilberforce Initiative has traveled throughout areas of Nigeria that the UN de-scribes as the world’s worst current humani-tarian crisis. During these trips, Wilberforce spoke with thousands of pastors and victims throughout the country and listened to their heartbreaking stories. The group’s published report ‘‘Fractured and Forgotten’’ has been featured at numerous conferences and has been used to brief Congressional leaders. The group worked extensively with the Nigerian National Assembly to help confirm a new U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria in September of 2016. In addition to raising awareness, the 21st Century Wilberforce Initiative has trained more than 2,700 religious and government leaders from across the world on the importance of re-ligious freedom, worked to expand religious liberties in Nepal’s Constitution, and met with leaders within the Taiwanese government to discuss creating a Religious Freedom Caucus in the Legislative Yuan. These are just some of the many accomplishments the 21st Cen-tury Wilberforce Initiative has been able to ac-complish in their efforts to advance religious freedom around the world. As a nation that was built by those who es-caped religious persecution in their home-lands, we must not forget that thousands of others across the globe are facing the same persecution as our forefathers. The 21st Cen-tury Wilberforce Initiative has given these peo-ple a voice and hope that one day they can share the same liberties that we all cherish here in this great nation. I applaud the 21st Century Wilberforce Initiative for their hard work and pray that God blesses them and continues to provide them with the strength and courage to continue their mission to help save their fellow man. f 
CONGRATULATING HASTINGS COL-LEGE VOLLEYBALL AND MEN’S SOCCER ON NATIONAL CHAM-PIONSHIPS 
HON. ADRIAN SMITH 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Volleyball and Men’s Soccer teams from Hastings College in Has-tings, Nebraska, on their 2016 national cham-pionships. This is the Bronco Volleyball team’s first na-tional title. Despite trailing by two sets in the final match, the Broncos confidently swept their final three sets for the championship. The team ends their season with a record of 33– 3. Katie Placke of Grand Island and Logan Drueppel of Schuyler were selected as first team All-Americans, with Katie also receiving a CoSIDA College Division Academic All- American and Logan being named the 2016 NAIA Volleyball National Championship MVP. They are joined by first team All-American Jill Bax of Lincoln, who is the 2016 NAIA Libero of the Year. Coach Matt Buttermore was named the 2016 NAIA Volleyball Coach of the Year. The Bronco Men’s Soccer team is cele-brating their second national title, having first won a championship in 2010. The team fin-ished with a record of 24–0–1 under head coach Aaron Champenoy in his first season at Hastings College. The team’s roster includes players from seven states and nine countries. Daniel Whitehall was named the 2016 NAIA Player of the Year and the tournament’s Most Valuable Offensive Player, Joe White was the tournament’s Most Valuable Player and a sec-ond team All-American, and Marc Tautz is a third team All-American. On behalf of the people of Nebraska’s Third District, I commend these talented men and women on their athletic and academic achievements. They certainly have made our state proud, and it’s a great day to be a Bron-co. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE8.001 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1610 December 7, 2016 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF EDGAR ‘‘DOOKY’’ CHASE 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague Congressman S
CALISE to honor a true New Orleans legend, Mr. Edgar ‘‘Dooky’’ Chase Jr. Mr. Chase is known in New Orleans not only for the decadent cuisine served at Dooky Chase’s Restaurant, but also for his continued dedication to being a leader in the African-American community. He used food and music to bring people from all walks of life together under one roof. From the age of 16 to the age of 88, Mr. Chase worked tire-lessly for the people of New Orleans. During his teenage years, Mr. Chase was an active member of the Musicians Union and helped increase the pay for local entertainers. He also worked with the Musicians Union to promote the first racially integrated concert performed at the Municipal Auditorium in the historical Treme neighborhood. Mr. Chase and his wife Leah, graciously known as the ‘‘Queen of Creole Cuisine,’’ turned his family po-boy restaurant into an elo-quent dining experience for the likes of Martin Luther King Sr., Ray Charles, President Barack Obama, and everyday citizens like Rep. S
CALISE and I. This restaurant served as a safe place where African-Americans could dine when other establishments did not serve them. Even in hard times, Mr. Chase’s faith did not waver. After Hurricane Katrina, he and his wife lived in a FEMA trailer across from their restaurant for more than a year until they could reopen their doors in 2007. Because of Mr. Chase’s relentless dedica-tion and service to the New Orleans commu-nity, his legacy will live on through his iconic restaurant, and through his beloved wife. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF COM-MANDER MICHAEL F. BRINCK ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the service, dedication, and accomplishments of Com-mander Michael F. Brinck (USN Ret.), Deputy Staff Director of the House Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, upon the occasion of his retire-ment from the U.S. House of Representatives. A native of West Point, Iowa, Commander Brinck received a Bachelor’s degree in Polit-ical Science from St. Ambrose University in 1968. Following his graduation, Commander Brinck entered the Officer Candidate School for the United States Navy. In 1969, he re-ceived his Navy wings and reported to Heli-copter Attack Light Squadron 3 in the Republic of Vietnam in support of Riverine operations in the Mekong Delta. Fleet assignments include carrier deployments to the Gulf of Tonkin and the Mediterranean, flight instructor, three de-ployments in support of Operation Deep Freeze in Antarctica, the Naval War College, Washington D.C. and assignments at the Navy Command Center at the Pentagon, the Bureau of Naval Personnel, and the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency. After two decades and a distinguished career, he retired from the United States Navy in 1988 with the rank of commander. Commander Brinck began his career on Capitol Hill in 1995 as the Staff Director for the Subcommittee on Education, Training, Em-ployment, and Housing and continued to serve as a Subcommittee Staff Director for the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs in the 104th, 105th, 109th, 110th, 111th, 112th, and 113th Congresses. Due to his steadfast commitment to his work and his expertise navigating the plethora of issues facing America’s veterans, Commander Brinck was named the Deputy Staff Director of the full Committee in 2013. Throughout his tenure on the Committee staff, Commander Brinck faithfully served three different Committee Chairmen—Bob Stump, Steve Buyer, and myself—as well as countless other Members. I know I speak for us all when I say that his wise advice and sage counsel was instrumental in assisting us in honoring the service and sacrifice of Amer-ica’s servicemembers, veterans, and their fam-ilies. Commander Brinck was a key contributor in the drafting and passage of landmark pieces of veterans’ education and training legislation and personally contributed to the creation of policies that continue to improve the daily lives and ongoing well-being of veterans and their families. During my tenure as Chairman, Commander Brinck was instrumental in creating the Vet-erans Retraining Assistance Program or VRAP which provided job training for in-demand oc-cupations for nearly 100,000 unemployed vet-erans. He was also a tireless advocate in drafting and pushing legislation that would en-sure that returning veterans received in-state tuition when attending public schools, which became a reality with the passage of the Choice Act in 2014. Over a long and multifaceted career of dis-tinguished service in the halls of Congress, Commander Brinck has been a dogged advo-cate for the interests of America’s veterans and taxpayers, embodying excellence and commitment in service to his fellow citizens. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States House of Representatives and the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, it gives me great pride to honor the selfless service of Commander Brinck. My wife, Vicki, joins me in honoring him for his many years of exemplary service to our Nation, thanking him for his unyielding dedica-tion to America’s veterans, and wishing him and his wife, Marla, all of the best in their fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. ANN DRAWDY 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Mrs. Ann Drawdy on her tremendous service to the people of Florida. This month, Mrs. Drawdy will retire after serv-ing more than a quarter century as a con-stituent service representative. It gives me great pleasure to recognize her service to Flo-ridians and the Central Florida community. The lives of hundreds of citizens have been changed for the better thanks to Ann’s knowl-edge and persistence in providing assistance with issues involving state and federal agen-cies. During her six years of service to the constituents in Florida Congressional Districts eight and ten, Ann assisted and closed over 200 constituent cases. Countless other con-stituent cases at the state level were the beneficiaries of her assistance during her time of service in the Florida Senate to Senators Dick Langley, Carey Baker and myself. From asking for information or a status re-port on a pending case, or requesting clarifica-tion, to serving as a direct point of contact to liaisons in federal agencies, Ann was instru-mental in our office successfully intervening on a person’s behalf to answer questions, find so-lutions, or simply attempt to cut through the red tape. It was a personal honor to have Ann Drawdy on my team serving Central Florid-ians. Her attitude of service and dedication to quietly assisting Floridians navigate state and federal agencies are a testimony to her kind-ness and humility. Ann’s character, life, and efforts will surely inspire others to follow her example of serving. I am truly grateful for Ann’s faithful service to our state and her dedication to finding solu-tions on behalf of Floridians. Our community, our state and our country are better due to her service. f 
ANDREA BURCH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Andrea Burch for being rec-ognized by the West Chamber as a 2016 Cel-ebrate Women Honoree. Celebrate Women Honorees are known for their perseverance, accomplishments, generosity, and dedication to their passions and their community. Andrea is currently a Vice President and Chief Nursing Officer at Lutheran Medical Center and has transcended expectations through her work both in the medical field and in leadership. During her nearly 25 years of nursing, Andrea has served in many roles, from certified nursing assistant to a critical care specialty nurse in neurosciences. She has also fulfilled several leadership positions, managing a variety of departments, initiatives, and committees. Today, Andrea provides strategic direction for nursing professional excellence, quality and safety at Lutheran and serves as an ad-vocate for staff and patients. She believes in collaborative, authentic leadership that helps nurses reach their highest professional poten-tial. Andrea is a registered nurse with a Mas-ter’s Degree in Leadership of Healthcare Sys-tems from Regis University, and she is cur-rently pursuing a Distinguished Leader Execu-tive Certificate from the University of Michi-gan’s Ross School of Business. I extend my deepest congratulations to An-drea Burch for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07DE8.012 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1611 December 7, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF THE HONORABLE JOE PITTS 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, as members of Congress, we all know that our time in this chamber is limited. Each election brings new faces, while history records the names of members as they leave the chamber for the last time. Some members, however, will be re-membered long after they have left for the work they do on behalf of the American peo-ple. J
OEPITTS is one of those members. Dur-ing his time in Congress, he became known for his dedication to helping his constituents. He was always someone who could be count-ed on to help create real solutions and to up-hold the best traditions of this chamber. He took the lead on helping craft legislative solu-tions to some of the most difficult problems of our time, including fixes to Medicare and re-search for deadly diseases. He was also a dedicated fighter on behalf of the pro-life cause, and used the pulpit of elected office to give a voice to the unborn. But perhaps most of all, J
OEwill be remembered as a man who cared deeply about helping others, and his legacy will be one of working to improve the lives of the American people. Oh behalf of my-self and all Pennsylvanians, thank you J
OEfor your years of dedicated service. I am honored to call you a friend, and wish you all the best in the years to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WELDON BURGOON AND WELDON’S SAD-DLE SHOP & WESTERN WEAR 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a long-time Denton business, Weldon’s Saddle Shop & Western Wear. The community and I are saddened that the store will close its doors after nearly 60 years of business on January 14, 2017. Weldon’s pres-ence on the downtown Denton square will be long remembered. Weldon Burgoon opened his shop in 1957, where he sold handmade leather saddles and accessories. In the ’60s and ’70s Weldon’s was surrounded by many feed shops and farming centers, and when ranchers and cow-boys came into town, many made sure to stop by Weldon’s before they left. Over the years, Mr. Burgoon worked with his daughter, Kippie, and grandson, Clint, to make Weldon’s a sta-ple in downtown Denton. During his time as store owner, Mr. Burgoon crafted over 150 custom saddles and provided thousands of customers with quality Western wear, but he also offered more than just mer-chandise. Weldon’s attracted many high school and college students who were mem-bers of the Future Farmers of America organi-zation. These students would work at Burgoon’s shop and on his ranch to get school credit and to gain valuable work experience. Mr. Burgoon also served as the rodeo chair-man for the North Texas Fair and Rodeo for 14 years. Noted for his reputation for excel-lence, demonstrated work ethic and dedication to cowboy culture, he was inducted into the Texas Cowboy Hall of Fame in 2010. Last year, his store was named a Denton County Heritage Business for being in existence for over 50 years. Mr. Burgoon, now 86, has decided to close the shop after the 2016 holiday season. He looks forward to spending more time with his wife, Joy, and seeing his grandson’s new lux-ury leather store open in Weldon’s original lo-cation. It is an honor to represent Mr. Burgoon, a local business icon, in the U.S. House of Representatives. f 
THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF KAZAKHSTAN’S INDEPENDENCE 
HON. JEFF FORTENBERRY 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 25th anniversary of Kazakhstan’s independence and the establish-ment of diplomatic relations between Kazakhstan and the United States of America. I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the people of Kazakhstan on the tremendous progress achieved by their coun-try during the past quarter century. The U.S. is the first country to have recog-nized Kazakhstan’s independence and since then we have significantly increased our areas of cooperation. However, the cornerstone of the U.S.—Kazakhstan relations has always been cooperation in nuclear non-proliferation and security. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Kazakhstan inherited the fourth largest nuclear arsenal in the world and the world’s largest nuclear test site at Semipalatinsk. In the first years of Kazakhstan’s independence, Presi-dent Nazarbayev renounced nuclear weapons and closed the Semipalatinsk Test Site. The United States provided Kazakhstan with com-prehensive assistance in the removal of nu-clear warheads, weapons-grade materials, and their supporting infrastructure. Five years after gaining its independence, Kazakhstan signed the Comprehensive-Test- Ban Treaty (CTBT) and ratified it in May of 2002. The CTBT bans any nuclear weapon test explosion above or below ground or any other contained environment. Ratifying the CTBT was a milestone toward creating a safer world. However, as a universally recognized leader in nuclear non-proliferation, Kazakhstan understands that it is time to move from a nu-clear test ban to a nuclear-weapons free world. This is why Kazakhstan and its neigh-bors—Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan & Uzbekistan—created the Central Asian Nu-clear Weapons-Free Zone. We should acknowledge that Kazakhstan has continued to show its commitment ex-panding its cooperation with the United States on matters of nuclear non-proliferation. As an important example, our two countries are col-laborating in building the Nuclear Security Training Center (NSTC). The NSTC will pro-vide training of personnel on security and safeguards essential for safe operation of nu-clear facilities in Kazakhstan. Twenty-five years of close cooperation be-tween Kazakhstan and the United States are the foundation of an important strategic part-nership focused on creating a world without nuclear weapons and ultimately a more stable peace around the globe. It is important that we recognize Kazakhstan’s leadership in nuclear disarmament and nonproliferation. Kazakhstan continues to serve as an example to the inter-national community, and the United States must remain committed to supporting Kazakhstan’s efforts to further prevent the pro-liferation of nuclear weapons and materials to-ward a goal of global security. Mr. Speaker, it is a true pleasure to cele-brate the quarter century of Kazakhstan’s independence. I would like to extend my warm wishes to the people of Kazakhstan and Presi-dent Nazarbayev. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I missed a se-ries of recorded votes on December 5, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YES’’ on roll call vote No. 601, No. 602, and No. 603. 
f 
HONORING MR. DANIEL S. CONDRON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Daniel S. Condron upon his retirement after serving for 11 years as the Vice President of University Affairs at Sonoma State University. Mr. Condron has led an im-pressive career over 44 years and has been a leader in the areas of education, economic development and transportation. A native of North Tonawonda, New York, Mr. Condron completed his B.S. and M.S. De-grees in Electrical Engineering at Stanford University. Mr. Condron worked with Hewlett- Packard for 33 years in management positions across a number of business areas including research and development, production, and public affairs. Mr. Condron has focused his career in edu-cation on increasing opportunities for all stu-dents from preschool through employment. In his role as Vice President, Mr. Condron’s pri-orities have included community and govern-mental relations, marketing and communica-tion, creative services and special events for Sonoma State. He currently serves as the Chairman of the Sonoma County Cradle to Career Operations Team. Mr. Condron has also served as President of the Santa Rosa City Schools Board of Education, Vice Presi-dent for the Santa Rosa Junior College Foun-dation, and Chairman of the Vice Presidents for Advancement for the California State Uni-versity System. Mr. Condron has dem-onstrated a unique ability to bring people to-gether to accomplish goals to improve the fu-ture for countless individuals in our commu-nity. Mr. Condron is a proven community leader. He has served many community organizations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07DE8.015 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1612 December 7, 2016 
including serving as President of the Boy Scouts of America Redwood Empire Council, the Luther Burbank Center for the Performing Arts, and the Santa Rosa Chamber of Com-merce. Mr. Condron is also the Chair-elect of United Way of the Wine Country. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Condron has made tre-mendous, long-lasting contributions to Sonoma State University and to improving op-portunities for students in our community. He is a true friend of Sonoma State University and a good friend of mine. Therefore, it is fit-ting and proper that we honor him here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 591 on final passage of H.R. 5047, the Pro-tecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016, I would have voted Aye, which is con-sistent with my position on this legislation. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FIRST CHURCH OF GOD 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the First Church of God in Merced County. Their prac-tice in faith and education has provided love and charity to the people of Merced County and the San Joaquin Valley for the last cen-tury. The future is looking even brighter for this outstanding center of community faith in the years to come. The roots of the First Church of God found humble beginnings in 1916, when the Bowen and Houser families moved from Lodi, Cali-fornia to Atwater to begin their fellowship. Their first church services were held in their own homes until they found the opportunity to rent the old Winton Community Hall for larger gatherings, with nothing more than dirt floors and handmade backless benches. By 1924, the church was able to raise their first building with a $350 credit and payments of $25 a month. That very building would now fit in the lobby of the First Church of God’s current place of worship, which was built in 1961. The First Church of God’s Christian Preschool was born in 1964 and has grown into one of the largest places of faith based childcare and in the Atwater-Merced area. The services provided by the First Church of God and Christian Preschool are as com-mendable as they are diverse. Sunday school, bible studies, troubled youth outreach, mar-riage counseling, finance and debt manage-ment, and shared missionary services in 87 countries are only a few of the programs of-fered by the Church and Preschool. The coming years will prove to be a fruitful time for this place of worship and education. Their undertaking of a $1.2 million project to furnish a new learning center, which will po-tentially double the enrollment of children in their facility over the next two years of oper-ation. While it will certainly be challenging, their fellowship has said, ‘‘faith is tested and demonstrated in the midst of challenges God places in front of us. If we had everything we needed to start and/or finish, it wouldn’t be faith—it would be fact.’’ Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the First Church of God for their remarkable service to the people of Merced County over the last 100 years. Their history illustrates the uncompro-mising will that individuals with big dreams can exercise when brought together with enough faith in God and community. f 
MARY BERG 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Mary Berg for being recog-nized by the West Chamber as a 2016 Cele-brate Women Honoree. Celebrate Women Honorees are known for their perseverance, accomplishments, generosity, and dedication to their passions and their community. For more than 21 years, Mary Berg has served the Jefferson County community in many different capacities. She is currently the Deputy Director of Jefferson County Depart-ment of Human Services. She is passionate about ensuring the safety and well-being of children and their families. Her actions at the local, state and national levels have promoted the expansion of child welfare training pro-grams and systems of care as well as legisla-tion impacting children and families. Mary received her Master’s Degree in Social Work from the University of Wisconsin-Mil-waukee, and is also a graduate of the Leader-ship Jefferson County class of 2008. She has co-authored publications on teamwork and has presented at multiple state and national con-ferences. Her tireless efforts to enable Jeffer-son County to serve more vulnerable children and families have improved the community greatly. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mary Berg for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOEL HANRAHAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Iowa native Joel Hanrahan upon his retirement from Major League Base-ball (MLB) after a successful seven-year ca-reer, playing for 3 different MLB franchises. Ever since the second grade, when his teachers or classmates would ask what he wanted to be when he grew up, Joel knew he wanted to be a baseball player. He became known to Iowans as a star pitcher for the Nor-walk High School Warriors, later pitching for the University of Nebraska before being draft-ed by the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2000. After honing his skills in the minor leagues, he made his MLB debut with the Washington Na-tionals on July 28, 2007. He earned his first win as a pitcher a week later against the St. Louis Cardinals. Despite his love of the game, Joel ultimately had to make the difficult deci-sion to retire in 2016. During his career, he compiled a 22–18 record with a 3.85 earned- run average and 100 saves. He also earned a coveted position in the 2011 and 2012 Major League Baseball All-Star games. Mr. Speaker, I commend Joel for his years of dedication to a game he loves. I am certain that the drive that led him to become an MLB All-Star pitcher will lead to success no matter where his path takes him next. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating him and in wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE COURAGE AND BRAVERY OF THE FALLEN OFFICER COLLIN ROSE IN THE LINE OF DUTY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and accomplishments of Of-ficer Collin Rose of the Wayne State Univer-sity’s Police Department, who was tragically lost in the line of duty. The Wayne State Uni-versity Police serve a significant portion of the City of Detroit in addition to the university, and Officer Rose performed his duties with distinc-tion. The community will miss his courage and bravery. Officer Rose established a reputation as a kind and caring individual dedicated to solving issues in his community. Rose was born and raised in Pittsburgh, where he excelled as a standout football player in high school. After graduating from Ferris State University in 2010, he began his career in law enforcement as an intern for the Springfield Police Depart-ment in southwest Michigan. He then was hired as a cadet in the New Baltimore Police Department, after which he became a police officer at the Village of Richland Police De-partment. Rose then took a position with the Wayne State University Police, where he had an outstanding record of service and was known for his selflessness and dedication in protecting the city of Detroit and its citizens. Rose also served the community through his involvement with various charitable causes, in-cluding the Police Unity Tour, which raises awareness of officers who have died in the line of duty. Officer Rose’s death at a young age is a heartbreaking tragedy. Officer Rose embodied the principles of service and duty, and having such a promising young man’s life cut short is a tremendous loss for the law enforcement community and the city of Detroit. His sacrifice shows the extraordinary risks that our nation’s police face on a daily basis, and my heart goes out to his family during this difficult pe-riod. Officer Rose is a true hero, and it is my hope that his family and the community find strength and come together to honor such an amazing life in the aftermath of his passing. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the extraordinary life and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.001 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1613 December 7, 2016 
courage of Officer Collin Rose. Rose was a fine young officer who was committed to im-proving the Detroit community, and we honor his life and work as the community mourns his passing. 
f 
TRUMP PROMOTES STRONG MILITARY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, as a son of a World War II Flying Tiger who served in India and China, a 31-year vet-eran myself, and the grateful father of four sons who served overseas in the Global War on Terrorism, I truly appreciated the remarks of President-elect Donald J. Trump in Fayette-ville, North Carolina, on December 6, 2016 promoting our military and our military families. 
REMARKS AS PREPARED FOR DELIVERY BY PRESIDENT - E
LECT DONALD J. T RUMP  I am here today for one main reason: to say thank you to the people of North Caro-lina. You went out and pounded the pavement, organized your fellow citizens, and propelled to victory a grassroots movement the likes of which the world has never seen before. I want to give a very special thank you to the incredible military families, service members and Veterans of North Carolina. Your state’s legacy of service is an inspira-tion to us all. North Carolina has produced many of the finest soldiers, airmen, sailors and marines the world has ever seen. Our men and women in uniform represent the very best of us. We must follow their ex-ample: working in unison toward a shared goal across every social, racial and economic line. They understand that to accomplish the mission, we must all be pulling in the same direction. And they know that we must leave no man or woman behind. These patriots have shed their blood to de-fend our country in distant fields of battle across the Earth. Our debt to them is eternal and everlasting. We salute their sacrifice, and we salute the flag they fought to protect. Tomorrow is the 75th anniversary of Pearl Harbor. It is a milestone that marks the ul-timate sacrifice of those who wear the uni-form. It is a reminder, too, of the valiant ef-forts of America’s fighting men and women who have liberated millions from tyranny and oppression. Now, today, our brave men and women are the first line of defense against Radical Is-lamic Terrorism—an ideology of death that slaughters innocent men, women and chil-dren. In every generation, a new threat to free-dom arises. And just as we defeated the threats we faced in generations past, so too will we defeat the forces of terrorism. We will prevail. We stand here today just miles from Fort Bragg, the home of heroes. Our Special Forces at Fort Bragg have been the tip of the spear in fighting ter-rorism. The motto of our Army Special Forces is ‘to free the oppressed’ and that is exactly what they have been doing. At this very moment, soldiers from Fort Bragg are deployed in 90 countries. Based in Fort Bragg is the 82nd Airborne Division—also known as The All-American Division. We stand in awe of their achievements. Not far from here sits forty-five percent of the entire United States Marine Corps, at Camp Lejeune. 12,000 citizen-soldiers fill the ranks of the North Carolina Army and Air National Guard. The National Guard rushed to the scene to help the victims of Hurricane Mat-thew, and we continue to send our thoughts and prayers to those recovering in its wake. The military families in North Carolina are a national treasure, and it will be the duty of my Administration to ensure that we protect those who protect us. That brings me to the second reason I am here today: to discuss our Action Plan To Make America Great Again—beginning with the rebuilding of our military and taking care of our Vets. Here are the priorities that will guide our Military and Veterans Policy: —All men and women in uniform will have the supplies, support, equipment, training, services, medical care, and resources they need to get the job done. —The best care in the world for our Vet-erans, both at public VA facilities, as well as the right to see a private doctor. —And finally, a commitment to only en-gage the use of military forces when it is in the vital national security interests of the United States. From now on, it’s going to be: America First. We will stop racing to topple foreign re-gimes. Instead, our focus must be on defeat-ing terrorism and destroying ISIS. Any nation that shares these goals will be our partner in this mission. We want to strengthen old friendships and seek out new friendships. Rather than a rigid dogma, we are guided by the lessons of his-tory and a desire to promote stability: this destructive cycle of intervention and chaos must come to an end. We seek harmony and goodwill among the nations of the world—and we believe that re-spect for mutual sovereignty helps form the basis of trust and understanding. We build up our military not as an act of aggression, but as an act of prevention. We pursue and build up arms not in order to seek conflict, but in order to avoid conflict. In short, we seek Peace Through Strength. That is why, in my first budget report to Congress, I am going to ask for the elimi-nation of the defense sequester. We will show the world that America is going to be strong again. But in order to succeed with our defense policy, we must find the right person to lead our Defense Department. That is why I am proud to formally an-nounce today my intention to nominate Gen-eral James ‘‘Mad Dog’’ Mattis as the next Secretary of Defense for the United States of America. Jim is a Marine Corps four-star general, the former Commander of U.S. Central Com-mand and NATO’s Supreme Allied Com-mander for Transformation. He led an as-sault battalion in Operation Desert Storm, led the Forces that went after the Taliban, and commanded the First Marine Division in Iraq. He is one of the most effective generals and extraordinary leaders of our time, who has committed his life to his love for our coun-try. General Mattis is the living embodiment of the Marine Corps motto, ‘Semper Fidelis,’ always faithful, and the American people are fortunate that a man of his character and in-tegrity will now be the civilian leader atop the Department of Defense. Under his leader-ship, we will rebuild our military and alli-ances, destroy terrorists, face our enemies head on, and make America safe again . . .’’ HONORING 2017 SOMALI INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Minnesota’s vibrant Somali-Amer-ican community and the many cultural, eco-nomic and social contributions members make to our state as they begin preparations to cel-ebrate 2017 Somali Independence Day week next summer in Saint Paul and Minneapolis. Annual commemoration of Somali Independ-ence Day is the culmination of Somali Week celebrations in Minnesota, which drew to-gether more than 30,000 participants last July. Somali Week has grown into the Minnesota Somali communities’ largest community event of the year and is one of the largest gath-erings of the Somali Diaspora. Hosted in locations throughout Saint Paul and Minneapolis, this week-long festival unites people from around the world and around the state to share in cultural, entertainment and athletic events. The most notable of these ac-tivities include a multicultural soccer tour-nament known as ‘The Cup of Nations,’ hosted by Concordia University in Saint Paul and a family-friendly street festival on Somali Independence Day. ‘Promoting Diversity through Unity and In-clusion’ is the 2017 Somali Week theme es-tablished by organizers. Kajoog, a local So-mali non-profit organization is leading efforts with other community partners to plan exhibi-tions, performances, and wide ranging panel discussions, aimed at uplifting the strengths of inclusivity. Kajoog Executive Director Daud Muhammad has forged strong collaborations with the Minnesota Historical Society, the Met-ropolitan Regional Arts Council, the Somali Museum of Minnesota, among many others to plan this vibrant festival. In addition to organizing Somali Week, Kajoog has earned recognition by local, state and federal officials, as well as law enforce-ment for their effective job-training and posi-tive youth programs, and efforts to combat ex-tremism throughout the community. Mr. Speaker, Minnesota’s Somali community has added greatly to the fabric of our state and our nation. Please join me in paying trib-ute to community members who come to-gether each year to celebrate Somali Week, and every day work to foster, educate, and promote cultural understanding and traditions among all Minnesotans. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NOMINEES FOR THE 2016 WASHINGTON POST TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY SCHOOLS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the nominees for the Washington Post Teacher of the Year Award for Prince William County Schools. The Washington Post Teacher of the Year Award was designed to ‘‘recognize excellence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.005 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1614 December 7, 2016 
in teaching, to encourage creative and quality instruction, and to contribute in a substantive way to the improvement of education in the Washington metropolitan area.’’ The annual recipients include one rep-resentative from each of the nineteen metro-politan public school systems, a representative from the Washington metropolitan area private schools and a representative from the District of Columbia Public Charter Schools. The winner selected from the Prince William Public School Division will also be named the Prince William County Outstanding Teacher of the Year. Teachers who meet the criteria for the award are those who instill in students a desire to learn and achieve, understand the in-dividual needs of students, and demonstrate a thorough knowledge of subject matter and have the ability to share it effectively with stu-dents. I would like to extend my personal congratu-lations to the 2016 Prince William County nominees for The Washington Post Teacher of the Year Award. 
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL TEACHERS  Edward Abram, T. Clay Wood Elementary School. Rebecca Anderson, T. Clay Wood Elemen-tary School. Amy Aylor, T. Clay Wood Elementary School. Michael Ciampaglione, Bristow Run Ele-mentary School. Phyllis Cooke, Sudley Elementary School. Andrew Cossaboon, Leesylvania Elemen-tary School. Sherri Croghan, Pattie Elementary School. Adam Dove, T. Clay Wood Elementary School. Carmen Hankerson, Neabsco Elementary School. Toni Anne Harris, Buckland Mills Elemen-tary School. Lisa Jacobsmeyer, Henderson Elementary School. Elizabeth Johnson, Buckland Mills Ele-mentary School. Stacy Ross, King Elementary School. Roberta Wallingford, Ashland Elementary School. Timothy Wilson, Williams Elementary School. 
MIDDLE SCHOOL TEACHERS  Christina Barcalow, Graham Park Middle School. 
HIGH SCHOOL TEACHERS  Erin Anderson, Pennington Traditional School. Stacie Bonat, Independent Hill School. Kathleen Dail, New Directions Alternative Education Center. Stephen Dittmer, Battlefield High School. Nancy Dow, Independent Hill School. Carrie Gahagan, Osbourn Park High School. Megan Hostutler, Patriot High School. Lorri Jones, Independent Hill School. Kathleen Kieffer, Osbourn Park High School. Ann Lightfoot, Potomac High School. Stephanie Nash, Stonewall Jackson High School. Juan Sampedro, Hylton High School. Karen Shaver, Gar-Field High School. Lauren Wilson, Hylton High School. Alison Young, Forest Park High School. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the nominees for the 2016 Washington Post Teacher of the Year Award in Prince William County and in thanking them for their dedication to our children. Their con-tinued service will ensure that Prince William County students are provided with a world class education in a more vibrant learning community. f 
RETIREMENT OF BELL COUNTY COMMISSIONER RICHARD CORTESE 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the retirement of Bell Coun-ty Commissioner Richard Cortese. His extraor-dinary commitment to community service over nearly a quarter century reflects the best val-ues of Central Texas. A native son of Little River-Academy, a growing community in the heart of Central Texas, Richard has led a life devoted to causes bigger than him. Upon completion of his U.S. Air Force career, he returned home to build a ranch while continuing to dedicate him-self to his community. In 1992, he was elected to county commissioner and later was active in the Texas Farm Bureau. Even outside of his professional career, Richard has dedicated himself to his commu-nity. He has been active in the Young Farmers of Texas Association and even served as president of the Little River-Academy Lions Club. He has been a member and has acted as president or chairman of various associa-tions and committees that worked to make Texas a great place to live. He has even been involved with the development of the consoli-dated 911 dispatch center in Bell County as well as the planning and construction of addi-tional courts and jail facilities for Bell County. Retirement is to be celebrated and enjoyed. It is not the end of a career, but rather the be-ginning of a new adventure. I heartily salute Richard Cortese’s work and contributions to his community. I’m sure I echo the thoughts of all when I wish him the best in both his retire-ment and all his future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JUAN R. LOPEZ AS AN OUTSTANDING PUBLIC SERV-ANT 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Juan R. Lopez for his tireless work as my District Director. Starting in 2004, Juan R. Lopez began his career working as a Constituent Advocate in the United States Senate. In 2008, I was elected to serve Florida’s Eighth Congres-sional District for the 111th Congress. I asked Juan to join my team as my Director of Con-stituent Services. During the 111th Congress, Juan was instrumental to managing staff, casework, and assisting thousands of constitu-ents. His work on behalf of veterans was out-standing. When I returned to Congress in the 113th Congress, this time representing Florida’s Ninth Congressional District, I once again asked Juan to join my team as my Director of Constituent Services. During the 113th Con-gress, Juan continued to excel at assisting my constituents and worked his way up to Deputy District Director, and in the 114th Congress, District Director. As District Director, Juan was instrumental in assisting thousands of Floridians. In Juan’s spare time, he ran for and won Chairman of the Orange County Florida, Democratic Exec-utive Committee. Under his leadership, he helped guide the Orange County Democratic Party to wins in almost every local, state, and Congressional race in Orange County. In recognition of all those in Florida that Juan has helped, I am honored to recognize Juan R. Lopez for his service to my office and the constituents of Florida’s Ninth Congres-sional District. f 
RECOGNIZING THE GRADUATION OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE DEPARTMENT 140TH RECRUIT CLASS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department on the graduation of the 140th Recruit Class. As they prepare to join the ranks of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department, I encourage the 47 graduates to reflect on the history of the department and the contributions and dedication of the brave men and women who have served before them to protect our community. The Fairfax County Fire and Rescue De-partment’s Recruit School consists of an ex-tensive and demanding 30-week program. In addition to two weeks of orientation, recruits completed eight weeks of EMT training and twenty weeks of fire suppression training. Upon graduation, these recruits will be cer-tified at the level of Firefighter I/II by the Vir-ginia Department of Fire Programs. These recruits have the distinct honor of joining one of the best Fire and Rescue De-partments in the United States. The efforts of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Depart-ment have been recognized across this coun-try. Members from the Department serve on the elite VA Task Force I, which is among the first units called to disaster zones to provide search and rescue support. Recently, mem-bers of that Task Force were recognized by the International Association of Fire Chiefs with the Benjamin Franklin Award for Valor as a result of their efforts in the aftermath of the devastating earthquakes that struck Nepal last year. As the newest members of the Fire and Rescue Department, the 140th Recruit Class graduates join the department as integral parts of our community’s emergency response and public safety team. I am confident that this graduating class will serve the residents of Fairfax County with honor and distinction. It is my great honor to enter the names of the 140th Recruit Class into the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD : 
Roberto C. Acha Melgar, Adam A. Boyd, Jr., Quincy D. Branch, Casey P. Braswell, Timothy G. Breslin, Jr., James M. Brittenham, Rachael A. Callison, Jesus E. Castro, Michael J. Coppersmith, James C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.008 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1615 December 7, 2016 
Cox, Erica L. Cruikshank, Joshua A. Eimers, Preston R. Elder III, Caroline A. Evey, Dan-iel P. Fitzhenry, Joseph E. Gallo III, Rodne W. Getgen, Garrett A. Green, Taylor, A. Grigg, Bryan M. Haring, Brian C. Harris, Grant M. Higginbotham, Robert E. Hunt, Matthew G. Ifert, Michael C. Johnson, Brian A. Krause, Mark C. Langmead, Burke W. M. Latimer, Jacob T. Maund, Justen A. Moreland, Ali S. Najjar, Jacqueline C. Nor-ris, Shonay L. Owens, Gracie J. Pak, Bo Lam P. Park, Harold I. Parra Romero, Roberto Rodriguez, Jr., Jordan P. Scheutzow, Ian M. Sebastian, Shaun M. Serich, Joseph M. Ship-man, Marcus E. Tines, Thomas M. Tippett, Zachary J. Webb, Joel W. Whitney, Robert W. Wine III, Cristina-Michael M. Wittlinger. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the newest members of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Depart-ment. I thank them for their service to their community and to all members of the Fire and Rescue Department, past and present, I say: ‘‘Stay safe.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFESAVING EFFORTS OF JON PUTNAM AND L
ARHONDA BRYSON 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize LaRhonda Bryson and Jon Putnam of Concord, North Carolina. Their quick deci-sion making and immediate action saved the life of a man who collapsed while working out at the West Cabarrus YMCA located in Con-cord. Their selfless actions embody the prin-ciples of the YMCA and we are extremely for-tunate to have these individuals in our com-munity. On June 22, 2016, a member of the West Cabarrus YMCA was running on a treadmill when he suddenly collapsed. Both LaRhonda and Jon instinctively reacted to assist the man. Upon initial examination they discovered the man was not breathing and his pulse had stopped. At this moment, Jon began CPR while LaRhonda applied an automated exter-nal defibrillator. Shortly after they delivered a jolt from the device the man’s pulse returned and he began breathing again. LaRhonda and Jon remained by the man’s side caring for him until paramedics arrived and he was taken to the hospital. It brings me great pride whenever I can share stories like this that showcase the char-acter of individuals in our community. The rapid response of both LaRhonda and Jon is an embodiment of the selfless attitude and commitment to serving others that we should all strive toward. The West Cabarrus YMCA is part of the Cannon Memorial YMCA network. Since its founding in 1908, the Cannon Memorial YMCA has a rich history of serving the people of Cabarrus County and has become a staple of the community. Having served as a member of the West Cabarrus YMCA Board of Direc-tors, I have seen firsthand the quality and commitment to excellence of its employees. Their commitment to the values driven and faith-based approach of the YMCA has made their community a better place as it continues to serve the people in our community. Again, I am extremely proud of all of those at West Cabarrus YMCA and especially LaRhonda and Jon. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recog-nizing the actions of LaRhonda Bryson and Jon Putnam for their lifesaving efforts and wishing them well as they continue to serve our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO HANK BOHLING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Hank Bohling of Greenfield, Iowa, for being selected to receive the 2016 Aaron Eilert’s Community Service Award. Hank is the son of Lynn and Elaine Bohling. The Aaron Eilert’s Community Service Award is presented to an individual who is dedicated to community service and positively impacting their fellow citizens. The award is named in honor of Aaron Eilert, who was known throughout his community for giving back and graciously dedicating his time to oth-ers. Hank has been involved in the Holidays for Heroes program for the last seven years through the American Red Cross, collecting over 14,000 holiday cards, and distributing them across the globe. He is also active in a number of leadership projects throughout his community, including the local 4–H Club. Mr. Speaker, Hank has made his state and his community very proud. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating him for receiving this award and in wishing him noth-ing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING ELIZABETH AND HOW-ARD GREEN, ANGELS IN ADOP-TION 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor two extraordinary parents, Dr. Howard and Elizabeth Green of Winchester, Virginia. Due to their unwavering dedication to children in need, I nominated the Greens as Congres-sional Angels in Adoption this year. The loving generosity of Howard and Eliza-beth has formed a family of 12 children, seven of them adopted, who are now between the ages of 15 and 22, and five biological children, between 16 and 24 years of age. Their adopt-ed children all came from difficult cir-cumstances, yet they worked tirelessly to pro-vide them a warm and loving home. Their first adopted child came from China when she was 15 months old; shortly thereafter they adopted six children from Ethiopia, four siblings ages 11, 9, 6 and 3, followed by two brothers, 6 and 7 years old. They identified at-risk chil-dren and took it upon themselves to change their lives for the better. After having been raised by the Greens in a loving home with strong spiritual guidance, all 12 children are extraordinary. For instance, the oldest three adopted children are thriving in college at Virginia Tech, James Madison University and Hillsdale College; while their bi-ological children have either graduated or are currently in college. Meanwhile, their five youngest children are still in high school. While the years have surely been filled with joyous moments, it has not always been easy. With all their children, the Greens have pro-vided the necessary accommodations for all of them to succeed. The story of the inspirational generosity on the part of Dr. Howard and Elizabeth Green has been celebrated for many years in the Shenandoah Valley and is recognized nation-ally, including by my colleague, CATHY  M
CMORRIS RODGERS of Washington, whose husband was a Naval Academy classmate of Howard Green. I am honored to count among my constituents, Elizabeth and Howard Green, whose faith in a loving God has inspired them to become such amazingly generous and lov-ing adoptive parents. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring Dr. Howard and Elizabeth Green. The Greens are stellar examples of the generosity of Americans, who have a long tra-dition of opening their hearts and their homes in adopting children from all over the world. 
f 
ANNE BURKHOLDER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Anne Burkholder for being recognized by the West Chamber as a 2016 Celebrate Women Honoree. Celebrate Women Honorees are known for their perseverance, accomplishments, generosity, and dedication to their passions and their community. Anne Burkholder has served the Jefferson County community for more than 50 years. Her passion for education began in Seattle as the daughter of two university educators. While in high school, she had the opportunity to visit 15 countries, spawning an international awareness and deepening her appreciation of the freedoms afforded by U.S. citizenship. After completing her degree at CU Boulder, Anne settled into Jefferson County with her husband, Steve. Anne has improved the community as a teacher, tutor, sponsor and leader, and she currently serves on the boards of the Jeffco Schools Foundation and the American Asso-ciation of University Women, Lakewood Branch. Five years ago, Anne co-founded the Parent-Child Home Program Jeffco, which just successfully completed its three-year pilot pro-gram. I extend my deepest congratulations to Anne Burkholder for this well-deserved rec-ognition by the West Chamber. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.011 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1616 December 7, 2016 
RECOGNIZING J.P. JOHANSON, LENNOX KOHN AND JOHN THOM-AS, V 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize J.P. Johanson, Lennox Kohn, and John Thomas, V for their hard work and dedi-cation to the people of Colorado’s Sixth Dis-trict as interns in my Washington, D.C. office for the autumn of the 114th Congress, Second Session. The work of these young men has been ex-emplary and I know they all have bright fu-tures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational oppor-tunity to these three and look forward to see-ing them build their careers in public service. All three of our interns have made plans to pursue careers in public service. I am certain they will continue in their great success and wish them all the best in their future endeav-ors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize J.P. Johanson, Lennox Kohn, and John Thom-as, V for their service this autumn. 
f 
HONORING THE JOHN MUIR LAND TRUST 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Congressman M
ARKDESAULNIER , rise today to honor the John Muir Land Trust, which earned Land Trust Accreditation status from the Land Trust Alliance in August 2016. The John Muir Land Trust is one of only 350 land trusts nationwide to receive this pres-tigious commendation. The John Muir Land Trust began in 1989 as the Martinez Regional Land Trust in Contra Costa County, California. The Trust initially protected 150 acres of land in the Alhambra Valley, but its success soon attracted more supporters. Over the succeeding years, the re-named John Muir Land Trust grew to incor-porate 13 properties throughout Contra Costa County and now protects 2,500 acres of multi- use land. To demonstrate its ongoing commitment to future conservation, the John Muir Land Trust applied for formal accreditation from the Land Trust Alliance. For a decade, the Land Trust Alliance has provided accreditation to land trusts that demonstrate success in supporting the public interest and that meet high con-servation standards. The John Muir Land Trust’s recent accreditation is a testament to its tremendous accomplishments and impor-tance within our Contra Costa community. The Trust’s work ensures that people throughout our community have access to trails for walking, hiking and cycling while also preserving agricultural lands. The John Muir Land Trust protects air and water quality and preserves habitats for endangered animal and plant species. Recently, the Trust expanded its community engagement by creating the POINTing to Success program to support STEM education for middle and high school students, enhancing students’ education through exposure to natural resources. Mr. Speaker, the John Muir Land Trust con-serves vital parts of our community’s natural resources and provides residents with magnifi-cent open spaces and an enhanced quality of life. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor the John Muir Land Trust here today. f 
THE RETIREMENT OF PIETRO PARRAVANO FROM THE BOARD OF THE SAN MATEO COUNTY HARBOR DISTRICT 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer my congratulations to Pietro Parravano as he re-tires after 21 years of distinguished service on the board of the San Mateo County Harbor District. Pietro is as much an institution at the district as the docks, hoists and loading ramps that make the facility such a community treas-ure. His thoughtful guidance during his time on the board assured the public of good steward-ship and a perspective based upon hands-on experience. Pietro was first appointed to the harbor dis-trict board in 1995 and won re-election every four years thereafter. It is easy to see why he has earned the confidence of the public. Pietro commercially fished the Anne B. out of Pillar Point Harbor for many years and re-mains a fixture at the Half Moon Bay farmers market. He knows the sea, the fishing indus-try, and the long-term needs of both. He is also sensitive to other public needs, such as the need for recreation and visitor-serving fa-cilities at the two ports. Pietro, originally from Princeton, New Jer-sey, moved to the West Coast in 1966 when his father spent a sabbatical at Stanford Uni-versity. He began his career as a teacher but dedicated most of his life to commercial fish-ing and environmental advocacy. He served as President of the Half Moon Bay Seafood Marketing Association from 1988 to 1995. In 1997, he was one of two U.S. delegates to the World Forum of Fish Harvesters and Fish Workers in New Delhi. From 1992 to 2004 he was a member of the Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen. In 2005, Pietro started the San Mateo County Food Alliance. He currently serves on the Joint Oceans Commission Initia-tive, the Institute for Fisheries Resources, and the Culinary Institute of America/Singapore which brings students from Singapore to the Bay Area to learn about sustainable food sources. His community service is legendary in Half Moon Bay and beyond. In 1996, Pietro was recognized by the Chamber of Commerce for his Community Service, and in 1999, he was recognized as an Environment Leader when he was president of the Pacific Coast Federa-tion of Fishermen. In 2008, Pietro was the fisheries representative at the opening of Ocean Hall at the Smithsonian in Washington DC. In 2013, he was awarded the Margi Grant Heart of Hospitality by the San Mateo County Convention and Visitors Bureau. In sum, he is the ‘‘go-to’’ person in San Mateo County for sustainable food and good fishing policy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Pietro Parravano for two dec-ades of public service and a lifetime of dedica-tion to our oceans and sustainable fisheries. While Pietro is retiring from the Harbor District Commission, his contributions will continue to shape life on the coast and I have no doubt that he will remain active and an important voice in our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO U.S. DEPUTY MARSHAL PATRICK CAROTHERS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about a great loss that my home state of Georgia experienced on Friday, November 18th. On that day, United States Deputy Marshal Patrick Carothers was killed in the line of duty while attempting to serve a warrant on a dan-gerous fugitive in Long County, Georgia. At Marshal Carothers’ memorial service, his son Paul remembered him, saying, ‘‘The day he went to heaven, he showed great heroism. But I believe he is a hero because of his char-acter—because of who he chose to be every day.’’ I had the honor of meeting this man who, as a U.S. Marshal, protected our families and friends for 26 years. His legacy encourages us to reflect each day on who we choose to be. I remain grateful for individuals like Deputy Marshal Patrick Carothers who selflessly serve, and, Mr. Speaker, I ask that we keep his wife and five children in our prayers in the coming days. 
f 
EDINA GIRLS’ SWIMMING AND DIVING TEAM 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Edina High School Girls’ Swimming and Diving team for winning the Minnesota state title. The Hornets’ victory was a complete team effort as competitors from every grade level contributed to the win. Edina took the lead over their rivals after the third event and never looked back. Senior Rachel Wittmer led the way in swimming by winning the 50 freestyle for the fourth year in a row, and setting a new state record in the 200 and 400 freestyle re-lays with her teammates. In the diving com-petition, freshman Megan Phillip defeated the defending state champion on her final dive to claim the title. Excelling in swimming and diving takes in-credible dedication, and their championship is a testament to that continued discipline. These athletes pushed themselves every day to shave hundredths of a second off their per-sonal best or repeated dive after dive until it was perfect. When adding in schoolwork, fam-ily obligations, and other commitments, it is re-markable these student-athletes accomplish all that they do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.015 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1617 December 7, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, once again, congratulations to the Edina High School Girls’ Swimming and Diving Team on a job well done. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF REPRESENTA-TIVES CHARLES B. RANGEL AND CORRINE BROWN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the legacies of two of my esteemed colleagues, C
HARLES B. R ANGEL  and C
ORRINE BROWN . At the close of this Con-gress, Representative R
ANGEL and Represent-ative B
ROWN will be concluding a combined sixty-nine years of service in the U.S. House of Representatives. I am truly appreciative and honored to have worked with these two dedicated and re-spected individuals. Today, I want to espe-cially recognize their work for the Veterans Braintrust Forum, founded by Congressman R
ANGEL in 1988. The Veterans Braintrust Forum serves as a virtual advisory group for the Congressional Black Caucus on veteran’s issues. This year’s forum focused on the VA’s Commission on Care report. I am so thankful for the unwavering commitment that these two Members of Congress have for our nation’s military, veterans, and African Americans, and I am proud to call them my friends. Representative R
ANGEL began his work in Congress forty-six years ago, and I am proud to have been able to work beside him. A Ko-rean War veteran, he entered public service fighting for civil rights and military veterans. In 1965, he participated in the historic march from Selma to Montgomery and in 1971 he was elected to the United States House of Representatives for the first time. During his tenure in Congress, Representa-tive R
ANGEL provided decades of leadership on veteran’s issues by increasing educational and health benefits for the Vietnam Era and Desert Storm veterans, securing the creation of the Harlem Veterans Outreach Center, and implementing tax protection for members of our Armed Forces and veterans. He also was a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus, an organization dedicated to advancing the global African American com-munity. Representative R
ANGEL is not the only one transitioning from the House at the end of this term. Over two decades ago Representative C
ORRINE BROWN and I began serving together in Congress. She has been an effective advo-cate for our nations’ veterans. Her leadership on the House Veterans Affairs Committee has helped to ensure that veterans have the re-sources they need to live healthy and produc-tive lives. She also spent her time supporting the concerns of women veterans and fighting to end homelessness among veterans. Through her efforts, the first African American Marines, the Montford Point Marines, also were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 2012. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Representatives C
HARLES RAN-
GEL and C ORRINE BROWN , as they enter this next chapter in both of their lives. The U.S. House of Representatives will surely not be the same without their leadership. f 
IN MEMORY OF JUDITH MONASTRA DAVIS 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, sadly, on November 24, 2016, the Mid-lands of South Carolina lost a beloved busi-ness leader and civic volunteer with the death of Judy Davis. As Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer for BlueCross BlueShield of South Carolina, she achieved extraordinary professional success. The fol-lowing obituary was published in The State newspaper of Columbia, South Carolina on November 30, 2016: 
COLUMBIA .—Judith Monastra Davis, 57, of Columbia, South Carolina passed away unex-pectedly on November 24, 2016 at Palmetto Health Richland following an extended ill-ness. She was born on January 13, 1959 in Mansfield, Ohio to Basil Herman Monastra and Carmella Greer Monastra of Lexington, Ohio, who survive. She also is survived by her husband of thirty years, Gerald L. (Jerry) Davis, Jr. of Columbia, South Caro-lina. In addition, she is survived by a broth-er, James Monastra and aunt, Carol Greer, both of Lexington, Ohio. Judy earned a Bachelor of Science in Busi-ness Administration degree from Ohio North-ern University, graduating summa cum laude in 1981. She earned her Doctor of Juris-prudence degree from The Ohio State Univer-sity in 1984, where she also was recognized as the Moot Court Distinguished Oralist. She began her corporate law career and met her husband at Lincoln National Cor-poration in Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1984. They were married on March 15, 1986 at St. Mary’s Catholic Church in Fort Wayne where they have maintained their parish member-ship. At Lincoln National, Judy worked in var-ious legal, strategic planning, and domestic and international mergers and acquisitions positions over 10 years. She helped that com-pany to develop and receive one of the first U.S. patents in the insurance industry for the use of artificial intelligence in the un-derwriting of life reinsurance and she led the spinoff of a subsidiary health insurance com-pany in a billion-dollar public offering. Re-cruited to BlueCross BlueShield of South Carolina in 1995 as Vice President and Gen-eral Counsel, her intellect, expertise, broad and deep experience, and emotional intel-ligence made her a valuable member of the corporation’s senior leadership team. In 2007, she was promoted to Executive Vice Presi-dent and Chief Legal Officer where she served as the senior officer responsible for five of the corporation’s subsidiaries includ-ing Companion Life Insurance Company, Companion Captive Insurance, Companion Property & Casualty Insurance Company, and UCI Medical Affiliates, as well as having three corporate divisions reporting to her— Law, Government Affairs and Corporate Marketing Communications. She also served as the corporation’s Secretary. Judy lived a full and engaging life as a champion for her community, leaving an in-delible imprint. She served on the boards of directors and in leadership positions for many nonprofit, civic and educational enti-ties, lending her gracious and genuine lead-ership style and skills to each organization. In 2006, she was pressed into replacement service as chairman for the United Way of the Midlands campaign and helped to raise $9.5 million. She worked tirelessly and shared her passion for connecting people and ideas with the United Way of the Midlands, the Central Carolina Community Founda-tion, the South Carolina Campaign to Pre-vent Teen Pregnancy, Trinity Housing Cor-poration, EngenuitySC, SC Launch, the Pal-metto Conservation Foundation, Columbia College and the South Carolina Governor’s School for Science and Mathematics, as well as many other organizations. Judy was especially known and appre-ciated throughout the state as a mentor, cheerleader and champion to countless peo-ple from all walks of life for whom she served as an inspiration and role model. She always valued kindness and often would wake up early in the morning and ask her husband, ‘‘Who can I help today?’’ She believed that if you put yourself out there and convince oth-ers to join in, meaningful differences can be made with only modest efforts to improve people’s lives. For colleagues and friends alike, Judy took it as a personal responsi-bility and challenge to find ways to lift peo-ple up and to help them to realize their un-tapped potential. She did this because it was an important part of who she was. It was never a job requirement. A recipient of numerous awards and acco-lades for her professional and philanthropic efforts, in 2010, the Girl Scouts of South Carolina Mountains to Midlands recognized her as a Woman of Distinction. In 2011, Insur-ance Networking News (INN) named her one of six nationally recognized Women in Insur-ance Leadership winners. In 2014, Judy re-ceived the prestigious Humanitarian of the Year award from the United Way of the Mid-lands. Her family wishes to express its deep and heartfelt thanks to the caring and loving staff at South Carolina Oncology Associates in Columbia, as well as to the other health professionals who contributed to her care over the past year. At Judy’s request, the family will hold a brief reception for her friends and colleagues on Thursday, December 15 from 4:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. at the new United Way of the Mid-lands Center at 1818 Blanding Street in downtown Columbia, South Carolina. A pri-vate, family interment service will be held later in Mansfield, Ohio. Dunbar Funeral Home, Devine Street Chapel, is assisting the family. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that memorials be made to the United Way of the Midlands Legacy Fund, the Central Carolina Community Foundation, Columbia College South Carolina, and The Northern Fund at Ohio Northern University. f 
JESS WIEDERHOLT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Jess Wiederholt for being recognized by the West Chamber as a 2016 Celebrate Women honoree. Celebrate Women Honorees are known for their perseverance, accomplishments, generosity, and dedication to their passions and their community. Jess Wiederholt has used her medical knowledge and selfless heart to not only to make a difference in Jefferson County, but on a global scale as she strives to improve the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:03 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.019 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1618 December 7, 2016 
well-being of HIV-positive women and children in Africa. Mother of seven—four of which were adopted from East Africa—Jess entered the pediatric health care world as a therapist, helping patients in Illinois and Kentucky for 10 years. Today, Jess pursues her passion for col-laborating with other mothers to help them dream, grow and unleash their full potential through her personal health and wellness business, Isagenix, which assists parents and families in Jefferson County in finding solu-tions for weight loss, healthy aging, energy, performance and additional income opportuni-ties. In addition to her passion for empowering families and promoting healthy lifestyles, Jess takes her family to Ethiopia and Uganda each year to give business grants to single mothers who are HIV-positive. Through this act of ser-vitude, Jess demonstrates her belief that every woman deserves to be empowered to live out her life with hope, dignity and confidence—re-gardless of surroundings or circumstance. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jess Wiederholt for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EVAN BURNHAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Evan Burnham, a senior at Valley High School in West Des Moines, Iowa, for earning a perfect score on his American College Testing (ACT) examination. Evan is one of only 2,235 students out of 2.1 million 2017 high school test-takers who earned this very rare honor. He was one of five students in his Valley High School class to earn the top composite score of 36, a mile-stone that had never before been reached in the school’s history. Evan is known for being a naturally good test taker, and went into the ACT examination well-prepared. He has not yet decided what will be his field of study but his interests are chemistry and environmental science. With the work ethic he has displayed on his ACT examination, I am confident he will excel no matter what route he decides to take. Mr. Speaker, I commend Evan for his hard- work, dedication, and commitment to excel-lence. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Evan and in wishing him noth-ing but continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 599 on final passage of H.R. 6392, the Sys-temic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016, I would have voted Aye, which is con-sistent with my position on this legislation. RECOGNIZING THE FAIRFAX EDUCATION ASSOCIATION HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Fairfax Education Association (FEA) and two of its remarkable leaders. For over 50 years FEA has served as the voice of Fairfax County educators. Throughout its history FEA has upheld its mission of serv-ice to educators while demanding the highest standards of education for the children of Fair-fax County. FEA leadership is largely responsible for setting the goals of the organization and fo-cusing resources necessary to achieve those goals. Kimberly Adams, who has served as President of the FEA since 2013, has em-braced the mission of the FEA and worked to expand community outreach programs to gar-ner support for and understanding of the con-tributions of public education to the prosperity and quality of life for Fairfax County residents. Throughout her tenure, Kimberly has been a fierce advocate for funding our school system as well as providing support to our educators. As a former member and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, I under-stand firsthand that the success of our local communities is tied directly to the quality of our school system. I have been proud to part-ner with the FEA on many occasions to en-sure that Fairfax County public schools remain among the best in the country. I have often said that public service is a noble profession and this is especially true when it comes to the issue of education. I commend Kimberly for her advocacy and thank her for lending her voice for these last three years as FEA President. Although she may be returning to her ‘‘former life’’ as a li-brarian, I have no doubt that she will continue to stay engaged in the important issues facing our community, our educators, and our chil-dren. Succeeding Kimberly in the role of President of the FEA is Kevin Hickerson. I congratulate him on his election and wish him great suc-cess going forward. Kimberly’s shoes will cer-tainly be difficult to fill, but I have no doubt that Kevin will continue the progress that has been made by the FEA during the last 50 years. It is possible to tell a great deal about the health of a community by the level of civic en-gagement that is exhibited by its residents. If the spirited conversations held throughout our community on education are any indication, then Fairfax County remains a picture of civic health. The efforts of Kimberly Adams, Kevin Hickerson, and the FEA are a large part of that, and I trust that they and the FEA as a whole will continue to play a vital role in en-suring that our teachers and our students suc-ceed for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Kimberly Adams and Kevin Hickerson as well as all of the members of the FEA for their immeasurable contribu-tions to our community. RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND WORK OF ROBERT I. THOMAS HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the significant leadership of a selfless motivator and inspirational man, Robert Thomas. Robert Thomas touched countless lives in his storied career within the Dallas Independent School District as a teacher, coach and administrator. Though he is now passed, his attention to people will survive him. Mr. Thomas is a real Dallasite and a native of one of the finest neighborhoods in south Dallas—Oak Cliff, or more specifically, ‘‘The Bottom.’’ He attended Lincoln High School where he played football and ran track. After high school, Mr. Thomas went on to Wiley College for one year, before leaving to serve his country in the United States Army for two years. After his service, he returned to Wiley College, where he won two national cham-pionships in 1956 and 1957, and was named an All-American. After his storied athletic career, he was de-termined to dedicate his passion for sports to the generation younger than he. In 1958, he became a physical education instructor at George Carver Elementary School, yet he would truly start his coaching career at Lincoln High School as a football and track coach in 1962. Robert would go on to enjoy a storied career in coaching and athletic administration work that included a staggering win record, city championships, two district championships and one co-championship. In reward for his hard work, Robert was ap-pointed to the position of Assistant Athletic Di-rector for the Dallas Independent School Dis-trict in 1982. He served in this position until 1993, when he was appointed Assistant Su-perintendent of Athletics in 1993. He held this position until he retired in 2000. Robert Thomas brought success in athletics to Dallas throughout his entire career. But more important than any of that, he touched the lives of so many young people, showing them that hard work can give them what they deserve, in a world with more resources than he ever enjoyed. He was never bitter, and al-ways loving. He will be sorely missed. Robert was preceded in death by his wife, Eula Faye Thomas, parents, Hester and Lindon Thomas, sister Dorothy Thomas Mayes. He is survived by his three sons, Ken-neth, Gregory and Ricky Thomas; brothers, L.T. Thomas, Wilson Thomas and Bernard Thomas; three grandchildren, eight great grandchildren, as well as by several nieces and nephews and a host of other relatives and the children and adults that loved him so in Dallas. 
f 
CLERMONT COUNTY SHERIFF A.J. ‘‘TIM’’ RODENBERG 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Clermont County Sheriff A.J. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07DE8.005 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1619 December 7, 2016 
‘‘Tim’’ Rodenberg on a distinguished career serving the residents of Clermont County and southern Ohio. With over 25 years of law enforcement ex-perience, including leadership as the sheriff and assistant prosecuting attorney, Tim’s in-volvement and acumen has been invaluable in helping make Clermont County a safe place to live and work. A great American committed to service, Tim served on active duty as an officer with the U.S. Marines, during which he was appointed to the Commanding General’s Honor List for outstanding academic and leadership perform-ance. Originally elected sheriff in 1997, Tim has effectively guided the Clermont County Sher-iff’s office into the 21st Century. He has been involved in everything from the Senior Visita-tion Program, a program that pairs deputies with senior citizens in the community, to the Summer Junior Police Academy, an introduc-tion into police and emergency service work for middle and high school students. Tim has worked tirelessly to improve Clermont County over the years, devoted to the big picture and listening to the people he serves without ex-pectation. Tim also serves as a state certified police and corrections academy instructor and has taught criminal justice and legal courses at four Greater Cincinnati colleges and univer-sities. As he prepares to retire, I commend him for his hard work and leadership to make south-ern Ohio a better place. Our community is lucky to have someone so committed to serv-ice. Thank you Tim, and God bless you. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VFW POST 7327 AMERICANISM AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 7327 in Springfield, Virginia and the win-ners of its annual Americanism Awards. As combat veterans, members of this post under-stand the importance of patriotism and public service, and they have continued their legacy of service right here in our community. Through programs like Adopt-a-Unit, cloth-ing drives, America’s Promise—Alliance for Youth, the March of Dimes, volunteering with local Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts troops, and many others, nearly two million VFW members worldwide continue to contribute to their fellow veterans as well others in our community. Each year VFW Post 7327 recognizes the winners of the Patriot’s Pen, in which students from grades 6–8 are encouraged to examine our nation’s history as well as their own expe-riences in modern American society. The VFW also recognizes the winners of the Voice of Democracy contest. Established in 1947, the Voice of Democracy provides students from grades 9–12 the opportunity to voice their opinions on democratic ideas and principles through spoken essays. VFW Post 7327 also recognizes Teachers of the Year, members of the local police and fire departments, and local businesses who have supported the military and veterans. On behalf of the 11th District of Virginia, I commend the members and auxiliary of VFW Post 7327 for their ongoing service to our country and community, and I congratulate the following honorees on their awards: PATRIOT ’S PEN  1st Place—Melanie M. Jimenez. 2nd Place—Ella S. Harrison. 3rd Place—Grace F. Lemley. 
VOICE OF DEMOCRACY  1st Place—Abigail E. Mills. 2nd Place—Cynthia L. Johns. 3rd Place—Diana L. Haemer. 
TEACHERS OF THE YEAR  Elementary—Donna Ruggles. Middle School—Beauregard Patrick Fay. 
PUBLIC SAFETY AWARDS  Master Police Officer James ‘‘JT’’ Frey. Emergency Medical Technician Susan Yu. Advanced Life Support Medical Technician Victor Popovich. 
COMMUNITY AMERICANISM AWARDS  Kenneth Morrissette, Jr., Interstate Inter-national. Matt Rose, The Forge Brew Works. Bruce Donato, K&A First Aid and Safety. John Blake, K&A First Aid and Safety. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking VFW Post 7327 for its contin-ued efforts on behalf of our community and in congratulating the honorees of the 2016 Amer-icanism Awards. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAYDEN CODEL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cayden Codel, a senior at Valley High School in West Des Moines, Iowa, for earning a perfect score on his American College Testing (ACT) exam-ination. Cayden is one of only 2,235 students out of 2.1 million 2017 high school test-takers who earned this very rare honor. He was one of five students in his Valley High School class to earn the top composite score of 36, a mile-stone that had never before been reached in the school’s history. Cayden was able to ac-complish this impressive feat while still re-maining active in a number of extracurricular activities, including: Knowledge Bowl, Mock Trial, Moody’s Mega Math Challenge Team, swim team, National Honor Society’s student tutoring committee, Valley High School show choir, Iowa Opus Honor Choir, Iowa All-State Orchestra, summer junior counselor at the Science Center of Iowa and the Plymouth Congregational Church Youth Choir. Mr. Speaker, I commend Cayden for his hard-work, dedication, and commitment to ex-cellence I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him and in wishing him nothing but continued success. IN SUPPORT OF STRONGER TIES WITH TAIWAN HON. JOE BARTON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-mend President-Elect Trump on his phone call with the President of Taiwan last week. Taiwan has long been a friend of America, a beacon of democracy in a complicated re-gion. A phone call is not complicated. I was fortunate enough to travel to Taiwan earlier this year and meet President Tsai. She is a balanced and judicious leader who is well aware of her nation’s realities and promotes peace and prosperity with her neighbors. I would be honored if I could return the courtesy and extend some Texas hospitality to the President during her trip to South America in January and pledge to work with the new Ad-ministration to re-establish official diplomatic relations in Taiwan. Our nation’s reality is that Taiwan is our friend and we should nurture and value that relationship. Over $67 billion dollars in trade flows between our countries and 148 sister cit-ies connect us at a local level. A phone call doesn’t change that. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIZY PRICE AS AN OUTSTANDING PUBLIC SERVANT 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lizy Price for her tireless work as Director of Constituent Services. During her time as a staffer in my office, Lizy managed our staff, casework, and the processing of over 3,000 constituent requests for assistance. Her commitment to improving the lives of constituents in my district resulted in the release of over a million dollars in ben-efit payments. Lizy’s dedication led to many families in our district securing much-needed answers and resolutions as they waited to be reunited with their loved ones. Whether they were parents adopting children from a foreign country or constituents with spouses, parents, or siblings hoping to immigrate to the United States, they were all aided through Lizy’s tireless efforts. Her work on behalf of veterans was also in-valuable to many who felt they were being ig-nored in their hour of need. Veterans seeking immediate appointments at VA Medical Cen-ters, veterans whose claims were among the many in the VA backlog, and veterans seeking aid and attendance benefits, were all grateful to not only have received help in obtaining an-swers, but grateful for her showing them the respect and attention they rightfully deserve for their service to our country. Lizy’s parents, Jorge and Martha, immi-grated to New York City from Honduras. To-gether they raised four daughters, Lizy, Peggy, Esther and Patricia in The Bronx. Lizy attended the Academy of Mount St. Ursula, the oldest continuously operating Catholic col-lege preparatory high school in New York State. She has been a resident of Central 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.026 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1620 December 7, 2016 
Florida since 2004 and is the proud mother of Alexander. Her grandson Elijah is the apple of her eye. I am honored to recognize Lizy Price for her service to my office and the constituents of Florida’s Ninth Congressional District. 
f 
MICHELLE POOLET 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Michelle Poolet for being rec-ognized by the West Chamber as a 2016 Cel-ebrate Women Honoree. Celebrate Women Honorees are known for their perseverance, accomplishments, generosity, and dedication to their passions and their community. Michelle is the Co-Founder and President of Mount Vernon Data Systems LLC which fo-cuses on database administration, OLTP en-gine performance tuning, database architec-ture and data modeling. She has created and delivered courseware on all facets of database systems for academic environments and cor-porate training facilities. Michelle has been part of IT and database management systems since 1965, on computers ranging from mainframes to PCs and beyond. She pio-neered the computer programming world in the Master of Computer Information Systems program at the University of Denver and as a Zachman-Certified Enterprise Architect. Michelle has been teaching and training since 1989 as adjunct faculty at the University of Denver and as a technical trainer with ProTech and UCI/AmeriTeach. She is the au-thor of 13 books, almost 200 database arti-cles, and innumerable white papers and blog posts on database design and programming. Michelle’s technological endeavors make it easier and quicker for businesses to progress in the modern age of communication. I extend my deepest congratulations to Michelle Poolet for this well-deserved recogni-tion by the West Chamber. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF CATHY BLACKBURN NOVINGER 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, South Carolinians are mourning the recent passing of Cathy Blackburn Novinger who achieved the highest levels of business, civic, and philanthropic success. Her affection for the citizens of South Carolina is evident from the following obituary published in The State newspaper of Columbia, South Carolina on November 29, 2016: 
CHERAW .—Cathy Blackburn Novinger passed away November 27, 2016 at her home in Cheraw, SC after a heroic battle with ovarian cancer. She was the CEO of Pal-metto AgriBusiness Council and President and CEO of Novinger QTR, Inc. Born April 7th, 1949 in Portsmouth, Ohio, she was the daughter of Leona Collingsworth Blackburn and the late Donald Everett Blackburn. She is survived by her mother; her husband of 48 years, Robert L. Novinger; her son, Dr. Travis Novinger and daughter in law, Laurie Novinger; grandchildren, Taylor Novinger and Abbey Novinger; sister, Donna Blackburn Jumper and brother in law, Henry Jumper; niece, Cristie Russell; nephew, Tyler Russell (Sarah); great niece, Emma Grace Russell; and brother in law Dean Novinger (Lisa). Cathy received her Business Administra-tion Degree from Southeastern Business Col-lege and was a graduate of the Edison Elec-tric Institute’s Electric Utility Executive Management Program. She moved to her adopted city of Columbia, SC in 1968 where she went to work for SCANA Corporation as a file clerk and rose to Vice President at the early age of 32, retiring as Senior Vice Presi-dent in 1999. Her career as a Senior Officer and Senior Public Policy Maker for SCANA included roles in economic development, communications, labor relations, govern-mental affairs, strategic planning, human re-sources and public relations. After retiring from SCANA, she was chosen to lead the state’s new agribusiness association, Pal-metto AgriBusiness Council and under her leadership for 16 years, the Council became a unified voice for South Carolina’s largest in-dustry of agriculture and forestry. It was also at this time she formed her consulting company, Novinger QTR, Inc. After her diagnosis of ovarian cancer and seeing the need to educate women about this deadly disease, Cathy founded an ovarian cancer organization, today known as the Ovarian Cancer Coalition of Central SC, which brings awareness to the symptoms and the importance of early detection. She served as the organization’s Board chair since 2006. She began the Coalition’s signa-ture event, the Ovarian Cancer Butterfly Re-lease which is held every September at the State House to honor and remember those affected by ovarian cancer. She became a symbol of inspiration and hope to women who were battling this disease. An advocate for improving the quality of life in her community, Cathy earned a life-time of achievements and honors including: the University of South Carolina Honorary Doctorate Degree of Public Service, 2011 Hu-manitarian of the Year, 2010 Ag Advocate of the Year, 2010 West Metro Chamber Lifetime Achievement Award, 2006 Ambassador of the Year, 1999 Order of the Palmetto, SC Histor-ical Foundation Society Businesswoman of the Year, SC Schools Public Relations Asso-ciation Outstanding Leader in Education, Ohio Council of Colleges Outstanding Pri-vate Career Graduate, SC Business & Profes-sional Women’s Career Woman of the Year, Columbia Metropolitan Magazine’s Five Women of the Decade and Midlands Top 25 Influential Leaders. During her professional career, Cathy served on numerous Boards and Commissions including: Midlands Busi-ness Leadership Group, Advocates for Agri-culture, SC Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, SC Office of Rural Health Board, SC State University Board of Trustees, USC School of Medicine Partnership Board, SC State Board for Technical & Comprehensive Education (past chair), Greater Columbia Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors (past chair), Lexington Medical Center Foun-dation Board, SC Civil Justice Coalition (past chair), SC Department of Commerce Executive Committee, Midlands Housing Al-liance (past chair), The River Alliance Exec-utive Committee, USC Dean’s Council-Col-lege of Hospitality, SC Research Authority Board of Trustees (past chair) and Cultural Council of Richland and Lexington Counties (past chair). On the national level, she served on the White House Council on Rural Amer-ica as chair, Southern States Energy Board Utility Advisory Council, the U.S. Business & Industry Council Board of Trustees and the Junior Achievement National Liaison. Cathy lived her life devoted to her God, her family and her community. As much as she loved her work, she loved her family even more. Her legacy will live on in the paths she has blazed, the many lives she has impacted and her profound sense of service to others. We will miss her goodness and grace. The family would like to thank Dr. Greg Konduras, Lexington Family Practice; the staff at SC Oncology Associates, especially Dr. Terry Smith and Dr. William Merritt and nurses, Kathy Chavis and Mary Leitch; Ultra Med Plus, Cheryl Evans; Gentiva and the staff at Embrace Hospice, especially Jamie Perkins, Cathy’s Administrative Assistant, NRS Sandy Boozer and the Eleventh floor, Palmetto Health Richland. Funeral service will be held Sunday, De-cember 4, 2016 at 3:00 p.m. at Trinity Baptist Church, 2003 Charleston Highway, Cayce. Burial will be in Elmwood Cemetery, Colum-bia. A visitation will be held Saturday, De-cember 3, 2016 from 5:30 p.m. until 8:00 p.m. at Trinity Baptist Church. In lieu of flowers, memorial may be made to the Ovarian Can-cer Coalition of Central SC, 602 Meeting Street, Suite B, West Columbia, SC 29169. f RECOGNIZING THE AWARD RECIPI-ENTS OF THE CENTREVILLE IM-MIGRATION FORUM ANNUAL DIN-NER 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Centreville Immigration Forum on the occasion of its 2nd Annual Dinner. The theme of this year’s gala is ‘‘Our Global Com-munity’’ and will celebrate the rich diversity of cultures in Northern Virginia. Northern Virginia is blessed by its diversity. In Fairfax County, nearly 1 in 4 residents were born in another country, more than 100 lan-guages are spoken in our schools, and we are home to more minority-owned technology firms than anywhere else in the nation. Our different cultures and heritages do not divide us; they make us stronger. Three exceptional individuals will be hon-ored during this gala who have gone above and beyond in ensuring that everyone, regard-less of their country of origin, has full access to the benefits and opportunities this commu-nity and our nation provide. I am pleased to include the names of the following 2016 An-nual Dinner honorees. Walter Tejada, Former Chairman of the Ar-lington County Board of Supervisors. Mr. Tejada is well known for his extensive knowl-edge and experience on the issues of cultural outreach and public service. He has served in numerous leadership roles including as Chair-man of the Arlington County Board of Super-visors and with the National Council of La Raza. Prior to his election to the Board, Mr. Tejada served in various positions with the League of United Latin American Citizens, Vir-ginia Coalition of Latino Organizations, the American Salvadoran Association of Virginia and the Virginia Latino Leaders Council, where he currently serves as President. He has received several awards for his work, in-cluding the Phyllis Campbell Newsome Award from the Center for Non-Profit Advancement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.030 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1621 December 7, 2016 
and the Legacy Award from the Greater Washington Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. Grace Community Clinic. Grace Community Clinic was opened in October 2013 by Dr. Tong S. Park and other leaders from the Ko-rean Central Presbyterian Church, which I am proud to represent. The clinic provides free medical services to 40–50 people each month. More than 40 volunteers support the Clinic, in-cluding five doctors as well as nurses, recep-tionists, and translators. In addition to primary care consultations, the Clinic offers limited re-ferrals for free dental care to a nearby dentist, and free radiology and lab work through dona-tions from INOVA and Fairfax Radiology. The clinic also makes referrals to specialists who provide low-cost care on an as needed basis. Ibrahim Choudhary, Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth of Northern Virginia. The motto of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, ‘‘love for all, hatred for none’’, is a vision that it seeks to fulfill through peaceful dialogue and public service. Mr. Choudhary and the members of his youth group have focused their efforts on correcting misunderstandings and misconcep-tions about Muslim youth by serving their local communities through various projects, from food drives for the poor to handing out flyers with messages of peace. Local Ahmadiyya Muslim youths have also volunteered regularly with the Capital Area Food Bank to help hand out food to those in need in the DC Metro area. Mr. Speaker, the efforts of these individuals are noteworthy not only because they are rooted in an appreciation for our region’s cul-tural and ethnic diversity, but also because they help to strengthen the bonds of friendship and cooperation in our community. I congratu-late them on their awards and ask my col-leagues to join me in commending them for their service to the Northern Virginia region. 
f 
HONORING MS. CAROL GIOVANATTO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sonoma, California City Manager Carol Giovanatto upon retirement from an impressive career in local government that has spanned 41 years. A native of Cloverdale, California Ms. Giovanatto graduated from Cloverdale High School and attended classes at Santa Rosa Junior College. In addition to her work with the City of Sonoma, Ms. Giovanatto has brought her strong leadership skills to many commit-tees and boards on which she serves. During her tenure as City Manager, Carol was instrumental in addressing important city issues and preventing conflicts. Ms. Giovanatto negotiated a contract to preserve the historic Sebastiani Theater, formed a joint powers agreement for the Valley of the Moon Fire Protection District and proposed a sales tax measure to protect continued city services. A dedicated public servant, Ms. Giovanatto strengthened the economic development part-nership with the Sonoma Valley Chamber of Commerce, created a grant funding program for non-profits, completed a new mobile home ordinance and raised the funds needed for the proposed community pool. Ms. Giovanatto will be recognized long after her retirement for her foresight in identifying 22 measures for greenhouse gas emissions reduction and establishing the City of Sonoma as the first Evergreen City in Sonoma County. Ms. Giovanatto was a founding board member and past President of the Cloverdale Youth and Family Services Partnership, a member of the Leadership of Sonoma Valley Class of 2008, and a board member of the Sonoma Tourism Improvement District. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Giovanatto has dedicated her career to improving the lives of the people of the City of Sonoma. She is known for her unfailing kindness, loyalty and commitment to high ethical standards. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retire-ment. f 
CELEBRATING DAVID FLORES 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and work of David Flores of Georgetown, Texas. After nearly four decades of impeccable work as County Audi-tor, David is beginning his richly-deserved re-tirement. County Auditors play a vital role in maintain-ing the fiscal integrity in county government and few have taken on this important respon-sibility with greater professionalism than David. He knows that second-rate work isn’t acceptable. The people of Texas deserve that level of excellence when it comes to managing their precious tax dollars. David doesn’t let them down. David’s positive impacts on the counties he’s served cannot be overstated. Under his leadership, Williamson County’s bond rating went from ‘‘low investment grade’’ to AAA, the highest rating available. He’s established thoughtful standards for county purchases and has provided superb oversight for $1 billion in capital projects. Central Texas is better be-cause of his leadership and hard work. David’s commitment to excellence doesn’t stop when the work day ends. He has been a trustee for the Texas County and District Re-tirement System and is a past president for the Texas Association of County Auditors. David shouldered the demanding responsibil-ities as the Chairman of the Investment Com-mittee for the Texas Association of Counties from 2008 to 2012. Over the years, he’s de-servedly received numerous awards and com-mendations as well as the admiration of his peers and colleagues. Retirement is to be celebrated and enjoyed. It is not the end of a career, but rather the be-ginning of a new adventure. I heartily salute David Flores’ work and contributions to his community. I’m sure I echo the thoughts of all when I wish him the best in both his retire-ment and all his future endeavors. 280TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNION FIRE COMPANY HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 280th anniversary of the Union Fire Company. Founded by Ben-jamin Franklin in 1736, the Union Fire Com-pany was Philadelphia’s first volunteer fire company. Dr. Franklin established the Union Fire Company as the very first fire suppression unit which universally responded when summoned. This overcame the issues surrounding prior firefighting clubs that existed in Boston, which also paid for fire wards or watchmen as early as 1711. The difference between Franklin’s Union Fire Company and the other clubs in Boston and New York was that Franklin saw the advantage of protecting all the homes and businesses of the community, not just those who had joined the club. Franklin formed the Union Fire company from roughly 30 volun-teers from what is today the Old City section of Philadelphia. Their equipment included leather buckets, with strong bags and baskets (for packing and transporting goods), which were to be brought to every fire. All home-owners were required to have these leather fire-fighting buckets in their houses. Recog-nizing the efficacy of Dr. Franklin’s model, similar volunteer fire companies began to spring up throughout Philadelphia. In the late 1860’s, Philadelphia city officials spoke of transforming Franklin’s volunteer service into a professional fire department to meet the demands of the ever-growing city. Fi-nally, on December 29, 1870, Philadelphia city council enacted an ordinance to profes-sionalize the fire service into a singular depart-ment. The Philadelphia Fire Department, ad-ministered by seven Commissioners chosen by the City Council, officially entered into serv-ice on March 15, 1871. Mr. Speaker, I ask this Congress to pause and reflect on the unquestionable courage of all firefighters throughout America, be they vol-unteer or professional. As we are indebted to the many thousands of America’s firefighters who died in the line of duty, I ask that the list of the 289 Philadelphia firefighters who have given their lives in the line of duty be recorded with the year, rank, and company to which they served: 
1994, Acey, Vincent, Firefighter, Rescue 01; 1960, Adgie, William, Lieutenant, Engine 54; 1962, Ahlers, Thomas, Firefighter, Engine 71; 2003, Allen, James, Firefighter, Ladder 16; 1964, Anderson, Albert, J, Fireman, Ladder 9; 1918, Anderson, John, Hoseman, Engine 54; 1975, Andrews, John, Firefighter, Engine 49; 1933, Arnold, Charles, Hoseman, Engine 44; 1921, Atkinson, George, Captain, Engine 36; 1965, Balkie, Alfred, Firefighter, Engine 61; 1954, Bandos, Joseph, Firefighter, Engine 02; 1892, Barnes, William, Hoseman, Engine 12; 1884, Barr, Phillip, Hoseman, Engine 11; 1961, Berg, Rolla, Firefighter, Engine 02; 1908, Berry, William Dick, Foreman, Truck 04; 1910, Bertolet, Harry, Hoseman, Chemical 2; 1910, Bihlmire, William, Ladderman, Truck 01. 1961, Bordier, Raymond, Firefighter, En-gine 06; 1905, Boyle, Aloysius, Ladderman, Truck 05; 1975, Brenek, Carroll, Firefighter, Engine 57; 1978, Brightcliffe, John, Fire-fighter, Ladder 03; 1982, Brown, Stanley, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.032 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1622 December 7, 2016 
Firefighter, Engine 09; 1879, Burke, Francis, Ladderman, Truck B; 1960, Bushfield, Joseph, Firefighter, Engine 59; 1969, Caldwell, Charles, Firefighter, Engine 35; 1975, Campana, Ralph, Firefighter, Ladder 19; 1875, Carlin, Francis, Ladderman, Truck A; 1910, Carroll, John, F., Ladderman, Truck 07; 1999, Casiano, Eric, Firefighter, Engine 02; 1933, Cavanaugh, George, Ladderman, Truck 24; 2004, Champion, Tracy, Firefighter, Engine 54; 1899, Chance, William, Hoseman, Engine 32; 1991, Chappell, James A., Firefighter, En-gine 11; 1884, Clayton, James, Foreman, En-gine 18; 1900, Cocker, Frank B., Hoseman, En-gine 14; 1910, Collins, John, Ladderman, Truck 04; 1925, Connison, Walter R., Ladderman, Truck 12. 1900, Cook, John, Hoseman, Engine 21; 2009, Cospelich, Stephen, Lieutenant, Ladder 08; 1913, Costello, Walter, Hoseman, Engine 23; 1907, Cox, John J., Asst. Foreman, Truck 04; 2014, Craig, Joyce, Firefighter, Engine 64; 1898, Craven, Charles, Hoseman, Engine 02; 1955, Crawford, Robert, Firefighter, Engine 26; 1985, Cronin, David, Firefighter, Ladder 16; 1950, Crupp, John J., Lieutenant, Truck 10; 1901, Davis, Frank, Ladderman, Truck 09; 1910, DeHaven, Frank, Hoseman, Engine 47; 1896, Dever, Edward, Hoseman, Engine 20; 1999, Devine, Joseph, Firefighter, Engine 28; 1874, Devitt, George, Hoseman, Engine 03; 1894, Dickel, George, Ladderman, Truck C; 1942, Doman, Francis J., Hoseman, Engine 59; 1954, Donahue, Thomas, Firefighter, Engine 01; 1888, Donnelly, Felix, Hoseman, Engine 08; 1980, Donovan, William, Batt. Aide, Bat-talion 07; 1920, Dorff, Millford St., Hoseman, Pipe Line 2. 1933, Douglas, Charles, Batt. Chief, Bat-talion 4; 1918, Doyle, James, Ladderman, Truck 09; 1954, Doyle, James, Firefighter, Engine 29; 1895, Doyle, Michael, Ladderman, Truck 01; 1927, Duane, Thomas A., Lieuten-ant, Engine 05; 1899, Duffy, Hugh, Hoseman, Engine 32; 1943, Dugan, Joseph, Fireman, Fireboat 2; 1880, Dungan, George, Ladderman, Truck B; 1908, Dunlap, Samuel, Engineer, BC; 1967, Dusenberry, Wllm., Batt. Chief, Battalion 2; 1910, Edelman, Charles, Hoseman, Engine 06; 1909, Ellinger, Alfred, Foreman, Engine 11; 1944, Ennis, James, Ladderman, Truck 14; 1910, Entwistle, Thom-as, Asst. Foreman, Engine 21; 1881, Exley, Oliver, Ladderman, Truck E; 1975, Fagan, John R., Batt. Aide, Battalion 03; 1913, Fahey, Joseph A., Hoseman, Engine 32; 1901, Fells, James A., Foreman, Engine 49; 1922, Fisher, Albert, Hoseman, Engine 21; 1975, Fisher, Robert J., Firefighter, Engine 33. 1916, Fitzgerald, Thomas, Hoseman, Engine 03; 1949, Ford, James, Captain, Engine 26; 1891, Forsythe, James, Driver, Engine 11; 1933, France, George, Hoseman, Engine 62; 1916, Fredericks, Frank, Ladderman, Truck 12; 1938, Friedenberger, W., Hoseman, Rescue 01; 1986, Friel, Edward D., Firefighter, Engine 27; 1982, Gallagher, Kenneth, Firefighter, Ladder 21; 1929, Gallop, William, Hoseman, Engine 41; 1955, Garrett, Leonard, Fire-fighter, Engine 44; 1894, Geissel, George, Hoseman, Engine 21; 1886, Gibson, John, Hoseman, Engine 04; 1922, Gilloway, Thomas J., Ladderman, Truck 02; 2013, Goodwin, Mi-chael, Firefighter, Engine 53; 1934, Gordon, Frederick, Ladderman, Truck 11; 1937, Gormley, John B., Ladderman, Truck 05; 1906, Gray, James B., Ladderman, Truck 09; 1919, Green, John J., Hoseman, Engine 21; 1952, Guenther, Edward, Hoseman, Engine 45; 1952, Hacker, Allen, Firefighter, Ladder 08. 1875, Hanley, James C., Ladderman, Truck D; 1887, Harbauer, George, Ladderman, Truck D; 1894, Hart, Joseph W., Hoseman, Fireboat; 2004, Harvy, Derrick, Lieutenant, Engine 72; 1940, Hassell, Thomas, Firefighter, Boat 2; 1897, Heller, William, Engineer, Engine 01; 1986, Henz, Harry, Firefighter, Engine 33; 1902, Hetzell, Charles, Ladderman, Truck 02; 1900, Hicks, John, Hoseman, Engine 41; 1877, Hill, John, Ladderman Truck C; 1964, Hiller, Carl, Firefighter, Engine 08; 1915, Hillman, John R. Jr., Ladderman, Truck 07; 1991, Holcombe, David P., Captain, Engine 11; 1954, Holtzman, Charles, Firefighter, Ladder 03; 1872, Humphreys, David, Engineer, BC; 1997, Hynes, James, Firefighter, Engine 63; 1976, Iannacone, Richard, Firefighter, Ladder 34; 1975, Iaquinta, Michael, Firefighter, Engine 55; 1919, Innes, Thomas, Hoseman, Engine 13; 1958, Jackson, Joseph, Firefighter, Ladder 22. 1915, James William F., Batt. Chief, Bat-talion 6; 1886, Johnson, John, Ladderman, Truck B; 1926, Jones, Charles G., Hoseman, Engine 34; 1926, Jones, John C., Captain, En-gine 50; 1954, Junod, Bernard, Firefighter, Engine 02; 1910, Kalberer, John, Foreman, Engine 23; 1933, Kasper, Joseph, Hoseman, Engine 55; 1905, Kelly, James, Ladderman, Truck 05; 1919, Kelly, Thomas, Lieutenant, Engine 21; 1961, Kennedy, Robert, Lieuten-ant, Photo Lab.; 1909, Keyser, Robert C., Foreman, Engine 20; 1888, Killen, Robert, Hoseman, Chemical 2; 1913, King, Frank L., Hoseman, Engine 23; 1877, King. Patrick E., Driver, Engine 22; 1966, Klemmer, Albert, Firefighter, Engine 59; 1895, Klinberger, C., Hoseman, Engine 02. 1954, Kline, Thomas, Deputy Chief, Divi-sion 2; 1900, Knouff, Edward, Ladderman, Truck 02; 1984, Konrad, Joseph, Firefighter, Engine 25; 1962, Krewson, Lynford, Batt. Aide, Battalion 11; 1949, Krol, Edward, Hoseman, Engine 06; 1919, LaGrand, Harry, Ladderman, Truck 02; 1939, Lawson, James J., Hoseman, Engine 19; 1933, LeHart, Ed-ward, Hoseman, Engine 43; 1901, Lehman, George, Hoseman, Engine 22; 1938, Limaka, John, Hoseman, Rescue 01; 1974, Long, Wal-ter, Batt. Chief, Battalion 06; 1892, Lowery, Francis M., Ladderman, Truck D; 1973, Mac-Donald, Warren, Firefighter, Lad. 20 [Eng. 65]; 1898, Magee, James, Hoseman, Engine; 1954, Magrann, John, Batt. Chief, Battalion 3; 1973, Malley, Robert F., Firefighter, Engine 24; 1904, Malloy, William, Hoseman, Engine 45; 1928, Mangarano, Silvio, Hoseman, Engine 49; 1942, Martin, Frank, Hoseman, Engine 12. 1904, Mason, Edwin, Hoseman, Engine 04; 1910, Matchinsky, George, Ladderman, Truck 07; 1969, McAlister, John, Firefighter, Engine 13; 1991, McAllister, Phyliss, Firefighter, En-gine 11; 1876, McClintock, Hugh, Engineer, BC; 1911, McClister, Charles, Hoseman, En-gine 52; 1928, McConaghy, George, Batt. Chief, Battalion 1; 1910, McConnell, William, Hoseman, Engine 23; 1889, McCuen, James, Hoseman, Engine 04; 1901, McCullen, John, Hoseman, Engine 49; 1997, McElveen, Terry, Lieutenant, Engine 63; 1894, McFarland, James, Hoseman, Engine 04; 1930, McGee, Daniel C., Hoseman, Engine 49; 1915, McGowan, John, Hoseman, Engine 49;1896, McGranaghan, Hugh, Ladderman, Truck 01; 1975, McIntyre, Hugh, Firefighter, Engine 56; 1965, McIntyre, Joseph, Firefighter, Boat 3; 1963, McKernan, John, Firefighter, Ladder 14; 1976, McSloy, Bernard, Firefighter, Ladder 28; 1918, Merges, Charles C., Lieutenant, En-gine 45. 1953, Meskill, James, Captain, Battalion 4; 1925, Metzger, Charles H., Hoseman, Engine 25; 1925, Minnick, John R., Ladderman, Truck 05; 1940, Monoghan, Charles, Hoseman, Engine 03; 1873, Mooney, Frank, Hoseman, Engine 04; 1912, Moore, James, Ladderman, Truck 01; 1919, Moorehead, Robert, Lieuten-ant, Engine; 1913, Moritz, Charles, Hoseman, Engine 23; 1954, Mortimer, Louis, Captain, Battalion 9; 1955, Mumbauer, Arthur, Fire-fighter, Engine 17; 1926, Murdock, Robert, Hoseman, Engine 34; 1960, Murphy, David J., Firefighter, Ladder 24; 1998, Murphy, Ste-phen, Lieutenant, Ladder 01; 1937, Murray, George J., Hoseman, Engine 20; 1891, Murray, John, Asst. Foreman, Truck F; 1922, Murray, Patrick A., Hoseman, Engine 21; 1933, Mur-ray, Peter, Hoseman, Engine 54; 1940, Mur-tha, James, A. Hoseman, Engine 30; 2012, Neary, Robert, Lieutenant, Ladder 10; 1954, News, John, Batt. Chief, Battalion 6. 1942, O’Brien, William, Hoseman, Engine 47; 1874, O’Neill, Charles, Hoseman, Engine 04; 1910, Park, Samuel A., Ladderman, Truck 01; 1975, Parker, Roger, Firefighter, Ladder 27; 1946, Parsons, George R., Ladderman, Truck 08; 1910, Pass, Thomas M., Hoseman, Chemical 2; 1922, Paxson, Edward T., Ladderman, Truck 02; 1894, Peck, John, Fore-man, Engine 39; 1903, Pflueger, Albert, Hoseman, Fireboat Stuart; 1971, Pietrak, Constantine, Captain, Engine 35; 1928, Piper, Henry, Batt. Chief, Battalion 9; 1918, Pollick, James, Hoseman, Chemical 1; 1975, Pouiliot, James, Lieutenant, Engine 20; 1907, Presco, Stephen, Hoseman, Engine 11;1879, Raymond, Francis, Hoseman, Engine 07; 1994, Redmond, John J., Firefighter, Ladder 11; 1930, Rein, Paul, Hoseman, Engine 10; 1920, Rishall, Ward A., Driver, Fire Hdqtrs.; 1905, Robinson, William J., Hoseman, Engine 28; 1918, Roller, Samuel, G., Hoseman, Chemical 1. 1947, Rothfuss, Jacob, Hoseman, Engine 38; 1970, Rotondo, Vincent, Batt. Chief, Bat-talion 13; 2004, Rubio, Rey, Firefighter, En-gine 28; 1895, Ryder, Joseph F., Hoseman, En-gine 18; 1946, Saraullo, Vincent, Hoseman, Engine 46; 1898, Schimmel, Walter, Hoseman, Engine 22; 1939, Schultz, Frank B., Hoseman, Engine 09; 1924, Schulze, George, Hoseman, Engine 55; 1951, Schwartz, Charles, Lieuten-ant, Ladder 23; 1920, Schwartzkopf, Edw., Batt. Chief, Engine 26; 1955, Senderling, George, Firefighter, Rescue 04; 1963, Senior, Charles, Firefighter, Engine 20; 1895, Ser-geant, William, Foreman, Engine 32; 1902, Seveall, William, Hoseman, Engine 10; 1945, Shane, William, Ladderman, Truck 12; 1899, Shea, James, Hoseman, Engine 01; 1932, Sheppard, Curtis C., Hoseman, Boat 3; 1920, Sherman, Ambrose, Hoseman, Engine 53; 1889, Showers, George, Hoseman, Engine 04; 1941, Silbert, Joseph W., Captain, Engine 03. 1937, Slinkard, Oscar, Hoseman, Engine 13; 1977, Smedley, Edward T., Firefighter, Lad. 28 [Eng. 58]; 1909, Smith, Eugene, Hoseman, Engine 41; 1890, Snyder, Charles, Foreman, Engine 16; 1900, Sowney, James, Foreman, Engine 48; 1953, Spencer, William, Captain, Engine 19; 1878, Spisky, Wm, Foreman, En-gine 2; 1914, St. Ledger, George, Lieutenant, Engine 25; 1896, Stagart, William, Engineer, District 03; 1961, Steger, William, Lieuten-ant, Engine 31; 1899, Steinle, George, Hoseman, Engine 32; 1919, Stevenson, Albert, Batt. Chief, Battalion; 1976, Steward, David, Firefighter, Ladder 20; 1951, Stewart, Charles, Lieutenant, Engine 50; 1948, Stew-art, Howard A., Batt. Chief, Battalion 11; 1918, Stewart, James D., Captain, Truck 06; 1910, Stewart, Robert, Hoseman, Engine 02; 1965, Stewart, Thomas F., Firefighter, Res-cue 12; 1943, Struble, David, Lieutenant, Truck 10; 1907, Sullivan, John J., Hoseman, Engine 11. 2012, Sweeney, Daniel Firefighter, Ladder 10; 1926, Sykes, John J., Hoseman, Engine 50; 2004, Taylor, John, Captain, Engine 28; 1893, Taylor, Joseph, Hoseman, Engine 14; 1941, Thumm, William, Hoseman, Engine 58; 1912, Titus, Walter, Hoseman, Engine 19; 1913, Tobin, Michael J., Captain, Engine 24; 1909, Toner, Joseph, Hoseman, Engine 18; 1954, Tygh, James F., Firefighter, Engine 29; 1904, Vaughan, Thomas, Hoseman, Engine 28; 1949, Vegenberg, Frank, Hoseman, Engine 45; 1942, Vernon, John, Hoseman, Engine 62; 1954, Viv-ian, Joseph, Firefighter, Ladder 03; 1961, Walsh, Walter T., Firefighter, Engine 02; 1969, Wannop, Thomas, Firefighter, Eng. 73 [Lad. 13]; 1976, Welsh, Aloysius, Firefighter, Ladder 20; 1973, Welsh, John, Firefighter, Ladder 05; 1955, Wendt, Charles, Captain, En-gine 55; 1912, Wentz, George, Hoseman, En-gine 06; 1965, Weres, John F., Firefighter, Ladder 07. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.035 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1623 December 7, 2016 
1919, Wiest, George S., Jr., Ladderman, Truck 02; 1975, Wiley, Joseph R., Firefighter, Ladder 27; 1920, Wilfrin, Harry, Hoseman, En-gine 43; 1949, Wilkinson, Ray, Batt. Chief, Battalion 4; 1884, Williams, Henry, Hoseman, Engine 27; 1907, Wilson, Charles E., Foreman, Engine 11; 1945, Wilson, Howard, Hoseman, Engine 01; 1954, Wilson, Thomas, Firefighter, Engine 29; 1918, Wirth, Harry, Lieutenant, Engine 41; 1910, Wittig, Gustave, Foreman, Engine 15; 1942, Wolf, Frank W., Hoseman, Engine 33; 1872, Wolf, George W., Ladderman, Truck A; 1944, Woodruff, Francis, Hoseman, Engine 30; 1880, Woolston, William, Hoseman, Engine 23; 1991, Yale, Stephen D., Fire-fighter, Ladder 29; 1951, Young, Frank J., Batt. Chief, Battalion 2; 1919, Zorr, Charles, Hoseman, Pipe Line 2. f 
HONORING RONDO PLAZA 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize residents of the historic Rondo neighborhood of Saint Paul, Minnesota as the community comes together to seek hope and healing. Earlier this fall, it was an honor to join community leaders to break ground on a Rondo Commemorative Plaza as a first step toward reconciliation for this neighborhood that was torn apart during the construction of the National Interstate Highway System in the 1960s. Like so many predominately black urban neighborhoods around the nation, cul-tural, social, and political trauma stemming from this civic wound still scars our community today. Old Rondo was Saint Paul’s largest and most prominent African American community centered around a once thriving street called Rondo Avenue. From the 1900 to the early 1960’s African Americans migrated from the south to seek good jobs and Saint Paul’s rich and vibrant quality of life. Generations created and invested in businesses, schools, civic or-ganizations and families. When plans were made for a National Inter-state Highway System, people of color, those of limited means or political representation were not at the table. Designs for Interstate 94 landed squarely on Rondo. Over the cries and protest of its residents, bulldozers were brought in, and Rondo Avenue and the homes and businesses nearby were razed. This tight- knit community was devastated. During the decades since the freeway was built, longtime residents have worked hard to rebuild a com-munity lost. Thanks to them today the spirit of Rondo’s neighbors still burns bright. Immutable leaders like Marvin ‘‘Roger’’ An-derson, Floyd Smaller, Nathaniel Khaliq, Debbie Montgomery and countless others have brought tireless dedication and commit-ment to restoring the Rondo spirit and commu-nity. They’ve begun successful local festivals like Rondo Days and the Selby Avenue Jazz Festival which bring community together in new ways to celebrate and chart a new future. While, nothing can be done to undo the in-justice that was done to the Rondo community more than four decades ago, that doesn’t mean nothing should be done to help our resi-dents remember our history so that we don’t repeat it again. Anderson and other Rondo leaders are planning the Rondo Commemora-tive Plaza as a tangible place to acknowledge and confront the dark chapter in Saint Paul’s relationship with its African American commu-nity. It will be a place to remember the vibrant Rondo neighborhood, and continue moving forward into the 21st century—with all voices at the table. This plaza will be a beautiful community gathering spot to learn about Rondo through written and oral presentations, music and art. It will serve as a social gathering place for all generations, for visitors to appreciate and re-member the history of Rondo and the strength of residents that lives on. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the strong will and unassailable pride of the Rondo community as they build the Rondo Commemorative Plaza. We look forward to the grand opening of this special place and the big step in healing and reconciliation of the past. f 
TRIBUTE TO ARJUN GANGA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Arjun Ganga, a senior at Valley High School in West Des Moines, Iowa, for earning a perfect score on his American College Testing (ACT) exam-ination. Arjun is one of only 2,235 students out of 2.1 million 2017 high school test-takers who earned this very rare honor. He was one of five students in his Valley High School class to earn the top composite score of 36, a mile-stone that had never before been reached in the school’s history. He was able to accom-plish this impressive feat while still remaining active in a number of extracurricular activities, including: co-founding and co-directing the Des Moines Student-to-Student STEM Speak-er Series, Science Bowl, tennis team, the Prin-cipal’s Advisory Council, National Honor Soci-ety, student government, National Council on Youth Leadership, and the Silver Cord Volun-teer Program. Mr. Speaker, I commend Arjun for his hard- work, dedication, and commitment to excel-lence. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 21st Century Cures Act. The bill is not perfect, but it makes important progress on key health and addiction treatments that will help people in Maryland and across the country. Maryland’s drug poisoning death rate is higher than the national average, with both urban and rural areas facing the scourge of opioid addiction and death. This bill will pro-vide $1 billion in funding to states for new pro-grams to combat the opioid and heroin epi-demic. It also takes critical steps to improve our nation’s mental health system by reauthor-izing several grant programs aimed at crisis response, behavioral health integration in pe-diatric primary care, and diversion from the criminal justice system to community-based services. Additionally, the 21st Century Cures Act aims to improve the discovery, development, and delivery of medical treatments. It creates incentives for new scientists to begin their ca-reer in research, requires more input from pa-tients, and modernizes clinical trials—all of which will help advance treatments for rare diseases such as childhood cancer. The bill allocates over $6 billion in new in-vestments to implement vital health priorities such as the President’s Brain Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnolo-gies (BRAIN) Initiative that will help us to bet-ter understand the human brain and could lead to cures to diseases such as Alzheimer’s. Additionally, the funding will go towards the President’s Precision Medicine and the Vice President’s Cancer Moonshot Initiatives by dedicating $4.8 billion to the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The inclusion of $500 million for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will help make its approval process more effi-cient and accelerate treatments to patients. Maryland is proud to be home to so many fed-eral agencies that are leading the fight to im-prove the health of all Americans, and I will keep fighting to provide the resources they need in this effort. Furthermore, the package includes legisla-tion I authored—Advancing Research for Neu-rological Diseases Act. It will create a neuro-logical disease surveillance program at the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), which would provide a foundation for evaluating and understanding factors of neurological diseases like Multiple Sclerosis and Parkinson’s. While the bill includes important bipartisan provisions, I am concerned that this bill in-cludes far less funding than what was included in the Cures package considered by the House last year. Additionally, Congressional Republicans refused to allow for the funding in this bill to be mandatory. Instead, Congress will have to vote annually to make the funding available as part of the appropriations proc-ess—the American people must hold us ac-countable to deliver on this promise. Finally, I still have concerns with some provisions that might impact patient safety, but I understand that FDA worked with Congress on the provi-sions that relate to their agency to provide feedback—much of which was incorporated. I look forward to continuing to work with the FDA through implementation to safeguard pa-tients. As a country, we must work together to combat drug addiction and prioritize medical research. The Cures Act moves this effort for-ward, but we are far from finished. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 600 on final passage of S. 294, the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.036 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1624 December 7, 2016 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, I would have voted Aye, which is con-sistent with my position on this legislation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NOMINEES FOR THE 2016 WASHINGTON POST PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY SCHOOLS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2016 Washington Post Prin-cipal of the Year Award nominees for Prince William County Public Schools. The Principal of the Year for Prince William County will receive the Washington Post Prin-cipal of the Year Award. Nominees must dem-onstrate the ability to: 
1. Manage effectively. 2. Demonstrate and encourage creativity and innovation. 3. Foster cooperation between the school and the community. 4. Maintain a continuing dialogue with stu-dents, parents, faculty, and staff. 5. Keep abreast of developments in the field of education. 6. Encourage team spirit. 7. Demonstrate leadership and exemplify commitment. 8. Continue to play an active role in the classroom. 9. Maintain their position as principal throughout the 2016–2017 school year. 
I would like to extend my personal congratu-lations to the 2016 nominees for Prince Wil-liam County Schools, Principal of the Year Award. 
Neil Beech—Osbourn Park High School. Andrew Jacks—Ashland Elementary School. Michael Lint—New Dominion Alternative Center. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending Principal of the Year Award nominees for Prince William County Public Schools, and in thanking them for their dedication to leadership in our school system. Their continued service will ensure that Prince William County students are provided with a world-class education in a more vibrant learn-ing community. 
f 
HONORING COLLEEN AND RICHARD DAVIS, ANGELS IN ADOPTION 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to introduce you and my col-leagues to Colleen and Richard Davis, con-stituents of mine from the Shenandoah Valley in the 10th Congressional District of Virginia who have provided extraordinary support for mothers in crisis and their children. I nominated Colleen and Richard Davis for the Angels in Adoption program of the Con-gressional Coalition on Adoption Institute this year because, even with three children of their own, including one special needs adopted child, Colleen and Richard Davis opened their home to two infants in need. Colleen had been dedicating her time and energy to residents of the New Eve Maternity Home in Winchester, Virginia, a home for pregnant women in need. At the New Eve home, Colleen met a young woman with twin newborn boys who was having difficulty caring for her babies. Colleen and Richard gener-ously offered to take the twins into their home and care for them until the mother was able to provide a stable home. For more than two years now, Colleen and Richard Davis have welcomed these two chil-dren into their family and have raised them as their own. These acts of extraordinary gen-erosity are inspired by a sense of loving com-passion for their neighbors in need. Mr. Speaker, stories of unsung heroes like Colleen and Richard Davis are taking place throughout our nation and I ask that we re-member with gratitude these ‘‘Angels in Adop-tion’’ who are making a significant difference in our communities. I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring Colleen and Richard Davis, and wishing them all the best in their future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING JOSE R. RODRIGUEZ AS AN OUTSTANDING PUBLIC SERVANT 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jose R. Rodriguez for his tireless work as Director of Operations and Grants Co-ordinator. I first met Jose when he began an intern-ship in my office in 2013 and from the begin-ning he stood out as an exceptional worker. After only a few weeks, he was hired as Con-stituent Services Representatives where he helped many of my constituents and their fam-ilies with housing, immigration, and veterans issues. He was part of the team of case-workers that helped recover and save over $500,000 for residents of Florida’s Ninth Con-gressional District. After a few months on the job, he proved to be a valuable asset, capable of handling mul-tiple roles with great knowledge and skill. For this reason he was promoted to Director of Operations, where he was responsible, among other things, for overseeing the administrative operations of my district offices. He also served in a dual role as Grants Coordinator and helped many local municipalities and non-profit organizations seek federal funding. Jose was able to help bring over $7 million dollars in federal funds for various local organizations, including money for education and first re-sponders. As further proof of his tenacity, Jose was able to complete his law degree while working fulltime and raising two beautiful children, Josue and Deborah. As Jose’s tenure in my office comes to an end, I want to recognize his service to my of-fice and the community, and I wish all the best to him and his family. IN RECOGNITION OF THE ALLEN PARK HISTORICAL MUSEUM ON THE DATE OF ITS PEARL HAR-BOR REMEMBRANCE DAY 75TH ANNIVERSARY FUNDRAISER HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Allen Park Historical Museum on the date of its Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day 75th Anniversary Fundraiser. The Allen Park Historical Museum has served as an im-portant venue for the metro Detroit community to educate individuals about the background of historically significant events that have shaped our country. Located in a farmhouse built in 1888, the Allen Park Historical Museum has provided Allen Park and the surrounding communities with a free and accessible forum to learn about the history of the city and pivotal events in American history. The Museum displays po-lice and firefighter memorabilia as well as mili-tary artifacts and cultural objects like furniture and toys that showcase life from different eras. In addition to regular exhibits, the Allen Park Historical Museum also periodically spon-sors fundraisers to engage with the community while providing resources for the museum. These additional events allow historians and other experts to further explore our nation’s heritage in different contexts. The Allen Park Historical Museum not only serves as a venue for residents of Allen Park and surrounding areas, but also provides im-portant resources that help educate southeast Michigan about historically significant events. The underwriting of experiences like Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day underscore the community’s commitment to ensuring that crit-ical milestones in American history are placed in the proper context. It is heartening to see the Allen Park community play a leading role in promoting American history, and I am con-fident that the museum will continue to host engaging and relevant exhibits that educate and entertain individuals of all ages. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the success of the Allen Park Historical Museum on the date of its Pearl Harbor Day fundraiser. The museum provides cultural enrichment through its docu-mentation of historical events through its ex-hibits. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM DERMODY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jim Dermody, Principal of Lewis Central Middle School in Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being named the Administrator of the Year by the Iowa Talented and Gifted (ITAG) Association. Jim has been an outspoken advocate for ITAG programs at Lewis Central Middle School, recognizing that success requires par-ticipation from the whole school, not just spe-cial ITAG instructors. He utilizes partnerships 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.040 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1625 December 7, 2016 
with each teacher in the middle school to en-sure they have the resources and training to promote and encourage ITAG students. It is an honor to represent educators like Jim, who take the extra steps to ensure student suc-cess. ITAG’s 44th Annual Conference officials noted that Jim Dermody believes ‘‘learning isn’t about books, worksheets, and presen-tations. It’s about using learning to improve the world.’’ Mr. Speaker, I commend Jim for being named the ITAG Administrator of the Year and for shaping our future generations into bright, young leaders. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jim for this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
NORMA ANDERSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Norma Anderson for being recognized by the West Chamber as a 2016 Celebrate Women Honoree. Celebrate Women Honorees are known for their perseverance, accomplishments, generosity, and dedication to their passions and their community. Norma Anderson, former Colorado State Senator and Jefferson County resident since 1950, served as a legislator for nearly 19 years helping to improve the education sys-tem, transportation planning, criminal justice reform and healthcare policy. Norma has served her community in many capacities in-cluding on numerous boards and committees. Norma was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 1986 where she prioritized the needs of her community through her support of the School Finance Act of 1994 and the Third Grade Literacy Act of 1996. She sponsored other education legislation including the College Opportunity Fund and account-ability for K–12 schools. Norma also helped establish the Colorado Department of Trans-portation’s 20-year transportation plan, spon-sored Lifetime Parole and Probation for Sex Offenders, and assisted in the restructuring of the Departments of Social Services and Insti-tutions saving Colorado ten million dollars. From 1997 to 1998, she served as the House Majority Leader, and in 2003 she served as the Senate Majority Leader, making her the first woman in Colorado history to serve in this role in both houses. Norma always kept her commitment to Jefferson County and was in-strumental in promoting progress in Colorado. I extend my deepest congratulations to Norma Anderson for this well-deserved rec-ognition by the West Chamber. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NORANNE DOWNS, P.E. 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to rise today to recognize and honor Ms. Noranne Downs, P.E. as she marks 25 years of service with the Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT). After eleven years of public works experi-ence with the City of Daytona Beach and in the private sector, Ms. Downs was hired by FDOT in September of 1991 as a project man-ager. Her talent and ability were recognized, and in October of 2006, Ms. Downs was named District Five Secretary. Soon after her joining FDOT 25 years ago, I was honored to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives to represent Florida’s Sev-enth Congressional District and assigned, at my request, to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. While we worked to-gether prior to this, our shared focus of main-taining Central Florida’s infrastructure and pre-paring our region for the future cemented our bond and our friendship. For over two decades, Noranne and I worked on the many transportation projects important to our community. Together we helped bring our region into the 21st Century and laid a solid foundation for Central Florida’s infrastructure to thrive in the future. In addition to working to meet the Transportation require-ments of one of America’s fastest growing re-gions, I am extremely proud of our work to-gether on projects such as SunRail which brought fixed commuter rail service to the re-gion, the I–4 Ultimate and Beyond the Ulti-mate projects which will increase capacity and reimagine the main interstate roadway serving our area and updating our roadways and traf-fic management systems with the latest tech-nologies to most effectively and efficiently manage traffic flows. Noranne played an inte-gral role in these projects and so many more. It is with much appreciation and admiration that I recognize my friend and a great public servant, Noranne Downs at this milestone in her career. It is also with regret that Noranne will be retiring from her position at FDOT in January 2017. Her pivotal work has truly left an indelible mark on Central Florida and our State. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Noranne Downs for her 25 years of service to our community and at FDOT, and in wishing her the best as she turns the page of her re-markable career. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PEGGY KIRK BELL 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mrs. Margaret Anne ‘‘Peggy’’ Kirk Bell who passed away peacefully in the comfort of her home on Wednesday, Novem-ber 23, 2016. Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bell family as they mourn the loss of this extraordinary woman. A native of Findlay, Ohio, Mrs. Bell dedi-cated her life to sharing the joys of golf with those around her. At the age of seventeen, she picked up the sport that would transform her life and define her legacy. Mrs. Bell would go on to establish what has been described as ‘‘one of the best amateur records ever com-piled’’ before becoming a charter member of the Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) and competing for several years pro-fessionally. Best known as a teacher of the game, Mrs. Bell’s reach expanded around the world as she shared her passion with golfers of all ages and abilities. Her achievements include being named LPGA Teacher of the Year, Golf Di-gest’s ‘‘One of the Six Best Women Teachers in the World,’’ and winning the first ever LPGA Senior Championship. Her lifetime of dedica-tion and love for golf was recognized several times including when she received the Bob Jones Award in 1990, which is the United States Golf Association’s highest award for distinguished sportsmanship in golf. In 1953, the opportunity of a lifetime pre-sented itself to Mrs. Bell and her husband, Warren ‘‘Bullet’’ Bell, when they purchased Pine Needles Golf Course in Southern Pines, North Carolina. From there the couple trans-formed the golf course to what is today one of the premier golfing destinations in the world. Mrs. Bell quickly became a staple at the re-sort, taking a hands-on approach to its man-agement and personally investing her time and effort in the lives of its staff and visitors. On any given day at the course you could ex-pect a challenging round of golf and the warm-est of welcomes from a smiling Mrs. Bell. Her focus was always to serve others and make certain that everyone was having fun. Compassionate, kind, and loving, Mrs. Bell’s impact resonated through the entire sport of golf. She served as both a pioneer of the game and teacher for future generations. To say that she will be missed would be a gross understatement. While we mourn the loss of this extraordinary woman, there is no doubt that her legacy will continue to be celebrated for generations to come. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the entire Bell family, espe-cially her children, Bonnie, Peggy Ann, and my dear friend, Kirk. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the life of Mrs. Peggy Kirk Bell. f 
REMEMBERING TERRY BELCOE 
HON. RICK LARSEN 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Terry Belcoe, who passed away on Friday, Sep-tember 23, 2016, after fighting a courageous battle with cancer. Mr. Belcoe was born in Mount Vernon, Washington on April 19, 1956, and spent most of his life in Bellingham, Washington. After completing his Associates degree at Whatcom Community College, he earned his Bachelor’s degree in Administration and Accounting, and later his Master’s in Business Administration at Western Washington University. Throughout his career, Mr. Belcoe was known for forging partnerships to improve the community. He served as the Board Chair of the United Way of Whatcom, Skagit County Community Action Agency, United Way of Skagit County and the Oversight Committee for Leadership Skagit program. His advocacy extended to acting as a guest speaker and mentor to students at WWU and volunteering with the Big Brothers Big Sisters program of Whatcom County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.045 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1626 December 7, 2016 
In line with his passion for fighting for chil-dren in need of nutrition and housing, Mr. Belcoe actively engaged with legislators and communities to support low-income families. Recently, he celebrated 15 years as the Presi-dent and CEO of North Coast Credit Union in Whatcom and Skagit counties and in October of 2016, he was selected as the Washington Credit Union Advocate of the Year, but unfor-tunately he passed away less than three weeks before the honor could be presented. Mr. Speaker, Terry Belcoe was a dedicated public servant and I would like to honor him for his many contributions to our community and our state. My thoughts are with his part-ner Karen, his daughters and his sister. Terry will be greatly missed. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent December 1st and 2nd due to a medical ap-pointment. Had I been present I would have voted: On Roll Call Vote 594, I would have voted No. On Roll Call Vote 595, I would have voted No. On Roll Call Vote 596, I would have voted No. On Roll Call Vote 597, I would have voted No. On Roll Call Vote 598, I would have voted Aye. On Roll Call Vote 599, I would have voted No. On Roll Call Vote 600, I would have voted No. 
f 
HONORING ERICA STRIEBEL 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor my Chief of Staff, Erica Striebel, for her service and commitment to the Fourth Congressional District of Florida, and to our country. For the last 15 years, Erica has been one of my closest advisers. She was a sounding board for me on legislative issues as Con-gress fought through many difficult challenges facing our country. Erica has been my chief strategist during my time on the House Appro-priations Committee and my right hand for my work on the Defense Subcommittee. The late management consultant Peter Drucker said, ‘‘Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.’’ For-tunately for me, my staff, and the people I have had the privilege to represent, Erica is both an excellent manager and an inspiring leader. She has a special talent for seeing around corners to identify the next challenges and leading others to solutions. Erica’s devotion to the servicemen and women who protect our nation at home and around the globe sets an example for all to follow. Erica Striebel is a patriot. She values those who serve today and respects the vet-erans of yesteryear. Her knowledge was ac-quired through her Bachelor’s degree in Inter-national Affairs and Security Policy from The George Washington University and her Mas-ter’s degree in National Security from the Naval War College. She shares my strong be-lief that national security is our country’s num-ber one priority. Erica fights on the policy front to ensure our military can effectively defend the United States of America. An integral por-tion of her work—traveling to military bases to meet with commanders—is a vital part of how Erica makes sure that she is prepared to fight for what is needed to keep our military the best trained and best equipped in the world. Military leaders in Northeast Florida at Naval Air Station Jacksonville and Naval Station Mayport remind me often that their confidence in Erica is unique. Her command of the mis-sions and the intricacies of military assets is well respected. She is the staffer who makes things happen. Also, in a spirit of teamwork, Erica unselfishly shares her expertise with other Capitol Hill staffers. She fully appre-ciates that all Members of Congress need to work together to support our military. Erica is diligent in ensuring that the con-tributions of our veterans are recognized, and they receive the benefits they have earned and deserve. With her support, more than 2,400 veterans in the 4th Congressional Dis-trict have attended ceremonies and received my Veterans’ Special Recognition Certificate. She also played a key role in ensuring all the necessary steps were accomplished to locate the Jacksonville National Cemetery on Flor-ida’s First Coast. I have no doubt that Erica will bring the same drive and determination she has shown in my office to the next chapter in her profes-sional career. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of the House to join me in thanking Erica Striebel for her leadership and for her commitment to public service and wish her continued success in her future endeavors. God bless and Godspeed. f 
TRIBUTE TO GABRIEL MINTZER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Gabriel Mintzer, a senior at Valley High School in West Des Moines, Iowa, for earning a perfect score on his American College Testing (ACT) examination. Gabriel is one of only 2,235 students out of 2.1 million 2017 high school test-takers who earned this very rare honor. He was one of five students in his Valley High School class to earn the top composite score of 36, a mile-stone that had never before been reached in the school’s history. He was able to accom-plish this impressive feat while still remaining active in a number of extracurricular activities, including: co-founding and co-directing the Des Moines Student-to-Student STEM Speak-er Series, Science Bowl and Knowledge Bowl teams, Central Academy mathematics team, and treasurer of Valley High School’s National Honors Society chapter. Mr. Speaker, I commend Gabriel for his hard-work, dedication, and commitment to ex-cellence. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Gabriel and in wishing him nothing but continued success in all of his future endeavors. RECOGNIZING THE BURKE VOLUN-TEER FIRE AND RESCUE DE-PARTMENT HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Burke Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department on the occasion of its 68th Annual Installation of Officers Banquet, and to thank its volunteers for filling an essential role in keeping our community safe. The Burke Volunteer Fire and Rescue De-partment was founded in January 1948, and for more than 6 decades it has provided life-saving fire suppression/prevention and emer-gency medical and rescue services to the resi-dents of Burke and the surrounding commu-nities. It also provides, houses, and maintains firefighting and emergency medical equipment; provides opportunities for professional growth and development for the membership; and maintains and fosters a strong viable organi-zation. As one of the county’s most active volunteer fire and rescue departments, the Burke Volun-teer Fire and Rescue Department works in co-operation with the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department to serve the community. Last year alone, the Burke VFD provided more than 3,000 hours of volunteer time as well as an additional 2,159 hours of supplemental staffing. I am honored to recognize the dedicated men and women of the Burke Volunteer Fire Department who have volunteered for extra duty as officers or as members of the board of directors. Board of Directors—President Patrick Owens, Vice President John Powers, Sec-retary Tonya McCreary, Treasurer Ian Dickin-son, Larry Bockneck, Rich Guarrasi, Becky Dobbs. Officers—Chief Thomas Warnock, Deputy Chief Tina Godfrey, Deputy Chief John Hudak, Captain Melissa Ashby, Captain Keith O’Con-nor, Lieutenant Emily Fincher, Lieutenant Kevin Grottle, Sergeant Jennifer Babic, Ser-geant Peter Hamilton, Sergeant Shaun Kurry, Sergeant James Reyes, Team Leader Paul Stracke, Team Leader/Chaplain Harry Chelpon. In addition to the men and women who have generously assumed the responsibilities of serving as an Officer or a member of the Board of Directors, the Burke Volunteer Fire Department is also presenting awards to the following individuals in recognition of their ex-emplary service during the last year: Rookie of the Year—Lindsay Fox and Blaine Reis Firefighter of the Year—Ian Dickinson EMS Provider of the Year—Caitlin Curran Officer of the Year—Shaun Kurry, James Reyes Administrative Member of the Year— Charlene Murphy Career Member of the Year—FireMedic An-thony Tran Team Award—BVFRD Bingo Team (Tina Godfrey, Matt Bryant, Charlene Murphy) Chief’s Award—E414 Procurement Team (John Hudak, Larry Bockneck, Peter Hamilton, Mike Istvan, George Hahn, Sam Sandeen, Robin Clement) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.048 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1627 December 7, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the department for 68 years of service and in thanking all of the brave volunteers who do not hesitate to drop everything when the community calls in need of help. To all of these men and women who put themselves in harm’s way to protect our residents I say: ‘‘Stay safe.’’ 
f 
H.R. 34, THE 21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in oppo-sition to H.R. 34, the 21st Century Cures Act, a bill which aims to authorize and promote biomedical research, mental health, opioid abuse assistance, and advance medical future research, but falls woefully short. Unfortunately, this bill is a missed oppor-tunity for Congress to take meaningful action to address skyrocketing drug prices. It also falls far short of the funding that is needed to support the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and to address the growing opioid abuse epi-demic. I also believe that this bill puts the goals of pharmaceutical and medical device companies ahead of the needs of individuals. As a Member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Appropriations Subcommittee and as an ardent supporter of biomedical research and public health funding, I was disappointed in the inadequate funding levels in this bill. Last year, this bill included $10 billion in mandatory funding for the NIH. Unfortunately, the revised version that passed the House Floor last week included only $3.8 billion for the NIH, and it is not mandatory spending. And to make matters worse, this bill strips $3.5 billion from the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which provides critical invest-ments to improve health outcomes through prevention activities like screenings and public health workforce training. We should be in-creasing support for public health programs, not robbing Peter to pay Paul. Additionally, I am concerned that this legis-lation loosens Food and Drug Administration (FDA) standards for approving pharma-ceuticals and medical devices. While we do need to ensure that new, lifesaving treatments are available to consumers, we cannot do so at the expense of safety and efficacy. We need to make the FDA’s standards stronger— not weaker. Lastly, despite outcry from constituents and despite months of hearings and press con-ferences on the issue of rising prescription drug prices, H.R. 34 did not include any provi-sions to make drugs more affordable. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we have a shared obligation to ensure that ALL Americans have access to equitable, high- quality and affordable healthcare. While this bill does include a few good provisions, like positive steps to address mental health re-form, it ultimately puts industry and profits over patients, and I therefore cannot support it. HONORING THE SERVICE OF DAVID SIMAS HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service, dedication, and bril-liance of our good friend and distinguished Portuguese American, White House Political Director David Simas. After eight years guid-ing the policy of the Obama Administration it is both fitting and appropriate to honor his service to the United States of America where he helped craft policy that improves the lives of countless Americans. A self-proclaimed ‘‘Kid from Taunton, Mas-sachusetts,’’ Mr. Simas is the son of Por-tuguese immigrants, Antonio and Deolinda Simas. Although his parents did not attain more than an elementary school education, Mr. Simas ever excelled under their parent-age. His father taught him the impact political policy has on everyday lives and his mother instilled in him the importance of family and the support they lend in times of need. From his upbringing in Taunton, Mr. Simas went on to attend Stonehill College and later Boston College Law School. Returning home after graduation, he started a law practice and launched a political career of his own running for and winning a seat on the school board. Lending his talents to the local Portuguese community, Mr. Simas defended those in need and led successful political movements on be-half his friends and neighbors. Later, as an advisor to the mayor of Taun-ton Mr. Simas helped devise a strategy to bring down the city’s health care costs, work-ing with the public sector unions to reach an agreement that saved the city money while ensuring access to good health care. Mr. Simas became well known in Massachusetts policy circles, and in 2006, he joined the office of Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick where he served as Deputy Chief of Staff. It was not long after the 2008 election of President Barack Obama that Governor Pat-rick connected the two, officially introducing Mr. Simas to the President and starting a run of eight years of service to the President and our country. Calm, unflappable, clinical, and humble are just a few of the words used to describe Mr. Simas. He has taken his knowledge and polit-ical acumen and applied them to the service of the American people. He dedicated himself to pass health care reform, bringing coverage to millions who previously were left out of the American health care system. Mr. Simas has always thought about how the decisions he makes and the issues he fights for impact everyday people. From his childhood in Taunton’s Portuguese Village to the West Wing of the White House he has al-ways been an advocate for the disadvantaged and underrepresented. I wish him, his wife Shauna, and daughters Rowan and Payton the best of luck in the years to come. In what-ever endeavor he finds himself next, I know he will continue to ask himself the same ques-tion President Obama asked of him: ‘‘Are you doing something every day to help people?’’ I am confident he will. Mr. Speaker, it is with great appreciation that I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to recognize the service of Mr. David Simas and his many contributions to the wellbeing of the American people. f 
HONORING MS. LINDA SEIFERT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Linda Seifert upon her re-tirement from the Solano County Board of Su-pervisors. Ms. Seifert has represented the Second District on the board since 2008 and served as the Chair of the Board from 2012 through 2014. Ms. Seifert has been a longtime leader in our state’s legal community. She earned her bachelor’s degree from the California State University, Fullerton and then went on to com-plete her law degree at the University of the Pacific’s McGeorge School of Law. Ms. Seifert led a tremendously successful law career and became the first female partner at the McNa-mara Law Firm in Walnut Creek, before she went on to serve as General Counsel for the California Dental Association. Since her election as Supervisor in 2008, Ms. Seifert has been a champion for Solano County’s citizens and our community’s future. She has worked to preserve the agricultural heritage and resources of our community and to create more park space and recreational services. For instance, Ms. Seifert successfully pushed to dedicate open space in Rockville Hills and secured $13 million to permanently protect the land for future generations. Education and responsive social services have also been Ms. Seifert’s priorities as su-pervisor. To protect victims of domestic vio-lence, she secured the site for the Family Jus-tice Center in Fairfield. She believes that in-vesting in members of our community im-proves both their well-being and our economy. Mr. Speaker, Supervisor Linda Seifert has been a champion of our community for the past eight years. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 592 on final passage of H.R. 34, the 21st Century Cures Act, I would have voted Aye, which is consistent with my position on this legislation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GUOWEI QI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Guowei Qi, a senior at Valley High School in West Des Moines, Iowa, for earning a perfect score 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.052 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1628 December 7, 2016 
on his American College Testing (ACT) exam-ination. Guowei is one of only 2,235 students out of 2.1 million 2017 high school test-takers who earned this very rare honor. He was one of five students in his Valley High School class to earn the top composite score of 36, a mile-stone that had never before been reached in the school’s history. Guowei was able to ac-complish this impressive feat while still re-maining active in a number of extracurricular activities, including: Science Bowl, Valley High School honors program, concertmaster of the Valley High School Chamber Orchestra, volun-teering at Iowa Lutheran Hospital, and orga-nizing ‘‘Blank Tales,’’ a non-profit publication by Valley High School students to raise awareness of homelessness in the Des Moines area. Mr. Speaker, I commend Guowei for his hard-work, dedication, and commitment to ex-cellence. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE 1965 INTEGRATION OF BIRMINGHAM, ALABAMA’S WOODLAWN HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, we honor six individuals—Myrtice Chamblin, Cynthia Holder, Leon Humphries, Lillie Humphries, Cedric King, and Rita Eileen King—for courageously integrating Woodlawn High School in Birmingham, Alabama during September of 1965. We applaud these six in-dividuals for their noble act to recognize the historic precedence they established and to acknowledge the exceptional bravery they dis-played. The mid-20th century was an extraordinarily turbulent time for Alabama, especially Bir-mingham. The city and surrounding area had become a crucible for civil rights activity and peaceful protests that were often met with in-conceivable hostility. Segregation and discrimi-nation both had a strong grip on Birmingham society, which affected all aspects of life for African Americans. Despite the enactments of the 13th, 14th, and 15th amendments nearly a century beforehand, Birmingham’s black citi-zens had yet to fully experience the promises that these constitutional changes intended to engender. Thankfully, the Supreme Court’s unanimous decision of Brown v. Board of Edu-cation in 1954 overturned the long-standing decision of Plessy v. Ferguson, which had emboldened and reinforced the ferociousness of ‘‘separate but equal.’’ While these successive legislative modifica-tions and landmark cases created a platform for diversity in theory, racial inclusiveness was still confronted with horrific opposition in actu-ality. It would take solemn individuals ani-mated with daring spirits to truly produce the social changes needed to foster an integrated and equal United States of America. Today, we honor these six outstanding individuals who are exemplary of the heroicness herein described. The integration of Woodlawn High School by these stellar young people was not an oc-currence of happenstance. It was not the deci-sion of adults or older citizens who had com-pleted school many years earlier. Instead, it was a strategic act by six underclassmen eager to learn. By boldly encountering aggres-sion and animosity, they knew it was a sac-rifice necessary to create a better city, state, and nation. Disciplined with the tools of non-violence and aided with the support of their caregivers and community, these six champions of equal-ity and freedom that we praise today stood against injustice to impact future generations. Armed with nothing more than a conscious-ness of integrity and dignity, these six young people chose to walk in the line of danger and take a stand for human equality. In the spirit of grace and appreciation, we salute Myrtice Chamblin, Cynthia Holder, Leon Humphries, Lillie Humphries, Cedric King, and Rita Eileen King for their act of valor. Let their testimony and story of triumph continue to be a lesson to us all as we stand on their shoul-ders to combat oppression. Most importantly, let us not be remiss in our effort to shine light on exemplars that have moved mountains for us to walk through and paved paths for us to walk on. The routes we travel are easier be-cause of you. f 
TRIBUTE TO GARY MERSON 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I, together with Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security Ranking Member Z
OELOFGREN of California, would like to pay tribute to Mr. Gary Merson for his outstanding service to the House of Representatives and the House Ju-diciary Committee in particular. For the past 15 months, Gary has served as the chief counsel to the Judiciary Committee’s Immigra-tion Subcommittee. A native of Lewiston, Maine, Gary’s pas-sionate dedication to the advancement of im-migration law and policy is reflected in his dis-tinguished 18-year legal career spanning pri-vate practice, non-profit advocacy, and gov-ernment service. Gary will return as the Acting Director of the Office of the Ombudsman at United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, where he has served since 2005. Gary previously served as counsel to the Immigration Subcommittee from February 2012 through December 2012 during which he played an important role in advancing the Vio-lence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013. Prior to joining the Ombudsman’s Of-fice, Gary was Government Affairs Counsel with Fragomen, Del Rey, Bernsen & Loewy from 1999 to 2005, and prior to that an Advo-cacy Associate with the American Immigration Lawyers Association from 1998 to 1999. Gary is a graduate of Tulane Law School and Van-derbilt University. Gary’s wide-ranging expertise on immigra-tion law and policy and his longstanding lead-ership in the area of employment-based immi-gration have greatly benefitted both sides of the aisle during the 114th Congress and this Committee in particular. Gary was exception-ally instrumental in the efforts of 225 Congres-sional Democrats (186 in the House and 39 in the Senate) to file an amicus brief with the U.S. Supreme Court in United States v. Texas, a case considering whether certain as-pects of President Obama’s executive actions on immigration will be allowed to move for-ward. Gary also led committee efforts on a va-riety of immigration issues in the areas of refu-gees, immigration enforcement, high-skilled immigration, the EB–5 program, the H2–A/H2– B programs and executive authority. Although Gary entered the chief counsel role during a time of transition, he was able to handle committee matters with ease and grace. His rhetorical skills and natural political inclinations made the transition seamless. Gary’s professionalism, dedication to com-mittee business and pleasant demeanor earned him the universal respect of members and his colleagues. Gary is easily approach-able and able to provide a witty remark even during difficult moments. While his guidance and leadership on immigration law and policy will be sorely missed, we are pleased that he will continue to serve immigrants and the American people through his work at the Om-budsman’s Office. Mr. Speaker, we applaud Gary’s tireless, principled and loyal public service to the U.S. House of Representatives and the American people and wish him every success in his fu-ture endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING JUSTIN TAYLOR AS AN OUTSTANDING PUBLIC SERV-ANT 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service and commitment of my Deputy Director of Constituent Services, Mr. Justin Taylor, for his tireless dedication to the residents of Florida’s Ninth Congressional Dis-trict. Throughout his tenure with my district office, Justin has proven himself to be a vital part of our team. As a caseworker, he has collabo-rated with management to improve our case-work system so that my constituents could better receive meaningful, timely responses to their requests for assistance. Although Justin is not a native of Central Florida, his commitment to serving our diverse community is apparent. Since joining my office in 2014, he has made a positive difference in the lives of countless individuals. Some high-lights of his work include assisting veterans in obtaining critical financial benefits, as well as helping to secure medical care for the sick and elderly. Furthermore, as an advocate for LGBT rights in Florida and across the country, Justin played an important role in assisting family members of the deceased following the tragedy at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. As the 114th Congress comes to an end, so too will Justin’s tenure in my office. I wish him all the best in the next stage of his career in public service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.057 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1629 December 7, 2016 
THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on December 7, 1941, our nation was at-tacked. Today marks the 75th anniversary of the day that will live in infamy of the surprise attack. Today is a time to honor the courage and sacrifice of those two thousand service mem-bers that lost their lives in this devastating at-tack. President Franklin Roosevelt stated that ‘‘no matter how long it may take us to over-come this premeditated invasion, the Amer-ican people, in their righteous might, will win through to absolute victory.’’ As the son of a World War II Flying Tiger of the U.S. Army Air Corps, 14th Air Force, who served in India and China, I am inspired by the service from this time. They are stories of how the American people met this unspeak-able tragedy head on with remarkable deter-mination. I believe that it is this same strength that has carried our great nation through trials since World War II and will be a firm founda-tion for our future, learning the importance of peace through strength. As a grateful 31-year veteran and the father of four sons who have all served overseas in the Global War on Terrorism, I believe in the power of our armed forces and the righteous might they demonstrate in the face of conflicts around the world promoting peace through strength while liberating dozens of countries. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War of Ter-rorism. September 11th was the Pearl Harbor of our era with a surprise attack to destroy our civilization. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 70TH ANNI-VERSARY OF GEORGE’S SHOE-SHINE IN PEORIA, ILLINOIS 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize George Manias of Peoria, Illinois on the 70th anniversary of his Peoria business, George’s Shoeshine and Hatters World Head-quarters, a fixture in the Peoria community since George began his shoeshine business 70 years ago. As a small child, George moved from Amer-ica to Crete, a Greek isle, before World War II. George, his family, and their community worked tirelessly to fight off Nazi invasions, often having to shoot Nazi paratroopers before they could land on the island. Despite their gallant efforts, however, the Nazis did eventu-ally invade the island. George’s father, a U.S. citizen, was imprisoned numerous times throughout Nazi occupation during World War II. During this difficult time, young George went four years without a pair of shoes. In 1946, as a teenager, George returned to Peoria, Illinois, where he would become an in-tegral member of our community. He started his shoeshine business with one seat, charg-ing 25 cents a shine. A model of the American entrepreneur, George steadily grew his busi-ness, making it the national landmark it is today. During his 70 years of business in Peoria, countless public figures have walked through George’s doors in hopes of meeting this in-dustrious man and having the opportunity to place a signed photo in his place of business. Over the past 70 years, George has met var-ious public figures, including four U.S. Presi-dents, numerous U.S. Vice Presidents, Gov-ernors, U.S. Senators, U.S. Representatives, White House Chiefs of Staff; Mayors, world champion athletes, CEOs, and local leaders. George’s Shoeshine business is known throughout Central Illinois for the personal service, craftsmanship, and incredible atten-tion to detail he puts into every shoe he shines. I am honored to share the same hometown as George, where a humble man can achieve the American dream through dedication, commitment, and hard work. I ex-tend my sincere congratulations to George Manias on a successful 70 years and I look forward to seeing his legacy carry on in down-town Peoria. f 
PAMELA NISSLER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Pamela Nissler for being rec-ognized by the West Chamber as a 2016 Cel-ebrate Women Honoree. Celebrate Women Honorees are known for their perseverance, accomplishments, generosity, and dedication to their passions and their community. Pamela has been working to support and advance education in Colorado for more than 45 years. Currently, she serves as the Execu-tive Director of Jefferson County Public Library (JCPL). Prior to that role, she has served as the Library Manager, Substitute Librarian, Di-rector of Community Services, and Director of Library Programs. Pam’s seven years at the JCPL have elevated the institution to new lev-els in terms of historical importance and edu-cational value in the community. Pam is a member of both the American and Public Library Associations, as well as a past president of the Colorado Library Association. Pam’s involvement in Jefferson County ex-pands outside of the library as a member of the West Chamber Board of Directors and the Child and Youth Leadership Commission of Jefferson County. She has also served on community leadership associations throughout Douglas County and Highlands Ranch. Pam has a Bachelor’s degree in Education and a Master’s degree in Library Science. I extend my deepest congratulations to Pamela Nissler for this well-deserved recogni-tion by the West Chamber. IN RECOGNITION OF MS. DAWN DICKERSON FOR RECEIVING THE EDUCATOR OF THE YEAR AWARD FROM THE OMEGA PSI PHI FRA-TERNITY’S SIGMA MU MU CHAP-TER HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Ms. Dawn Dickerson of Broadlands, Virginia, for being named the Educator of the Year by the Sigma Mu Mu chapter of the Omega Psi Phi Fraternity. Ms. Dickerson is the Assistant Principal at Rock Ridge High School located in Ashburn. This award was granted to Ms. Dickerson for her work to im-prove inclusion and acceptance within the stu-dent body at Rock Ridge High School. Ms. Dickerson has been instrumental in or-ganizing special events to help her students become introduced to new topics as our coun-try’s next generation of leaders. One such in-stance of her devotion was when she put to-gether a visit from Freedom Rider Joan Trumpauer Mulholland to speak with students during Black History Month last year. Ms. Dickerson was also a key component in the Loudoun International Youth Leadership Sum-mit. This Summit enables students to engage in discussion with, and learn from, a number of international delegations who attended the event. Ms. Dickerson’s role as Assistant Principal at Rock Ridge High places her in a position where she can have a positive impact on the lives of countless young minds. This recogni-tion from the Omega Psi Phi Fraternity comes as a result of her dedication to the students of Loudoun County, and it is a reflection of the wonderful and civic-minded citizens we have throughout the Commonwealth of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Ms. Dawn Dickerson from Rock Ridge High School for receiving this Educator of the Year Award from the Sigma Mu Mu chapter of the Omega Psi Phi Fraternity. I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FAIRFAX COUN-TY EXCELLENCE IN COMMUNITY SERVICE AND PUBLIC SAFETY AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Fairfax County Alcohol Service Ac-tion Program (ASAP) on the occasion of the 25th Annual Excellence in Community Service and Public Safety Awards. This year’s awards are being jointly sponsored with Mothers Against Drunk Driving. ASAP is a criminal justice program which uses community and state services to reduce the problem of driving under the influence of alcohol or other drugs. It identifies and pro-vides appropriate services to offenders con-victed of driving under the influence or other substance abuse-related charges as referred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.061 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1630 December 7, 2016 
by the local courts. The goal of ASAP is to im-prove transportation safety by decreasing the incidence of driving under the influence of al-cohol or other drugs and thereby reducing the number of alcohol or other drug-related crash-es. According to the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles, in 2014 nearly 36 percent of all traffic fatalities in the Commonwealth were alcohol-related. Tragically, more than 40 per-cent of those killed in alcohol related deaths were ages 21–35. While alcohol-related traffic deaths in Virginia have been on the decline, we are still averaging a crash nearly every hour as a result of drunk driving. Sadly, na-tional statistics reflect an 8 percent increase in alcohol related traffic deaths in the first 6 months of 2015 when compared to 2014. We can only hope that, thanks to the work of or-ganizations like ASAP and MADD, that trend begins to reverse. Every year, ASAP honors those in the law- enforcement community who have been in-strumental in fighting impaired driving. I am pleased to include the names of this year’s re-cipients. City of Alexandria: Officer Anthony LaRusso. Arlington County: Officer Brett Kooharian. Fairfax County: APO Donald Brodie, PFC James Burleson, PFC Hyun Chang, Ms. An-nette Dodson, Officer Harrison R. Gamble, OFC Sameer A. Kahn, APO William Ridge-way, APO Richard Zhu. City of Fairfax: Officer Bryan P. Nelson. City of Falls Church: Officer Kevin Hedden, PFC Dimitri Issaev. George Mason University: Sergeant Michael F. Lighthiser, MPO Edward T. Gannon. Town of Herndon: PFC Eliezer A. Cabo, PFC Charles W. Findley. City of Leesburg: Officer Bradley Schultz. Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office: Deputy Ruben Cardenas, Deputy Glenn P. Keough. City of Manassas Park: Officer Christopher Koglin. Prince William County: Officer Simon Chu, Officer Christopher LaFarree, Officer Jeremy Schenck, Officer Brett Tillett. Town of Purcellville: Officer Kristopher Fraley, Corporal Clark McDaniel. United States Park Police: Sergeant Jona-than Daniels, Officer Pentti Gillespie, Officer Christopher Gogarty, Officer Greg Harper, Of-ficer David Lamond, Officer Lisa Marie Weisbaum, Officer Charles Whiteman, Ser-geant Adam Zielinski. Town of Vienna: Officer Ara Post, Officer Brad Reedy. Virginia State Police, Division Seven: Troop-er Nicholas Casey, Trooper Diego A. Espinosa, Trooper Lorenzo Goode, Trooper Kevin Fleenor, Trooper Adam Hassan, Troop-er Andre D. Jones, Trooper Tomasz Karbowski, Trooper Zachary Koon, Trooper Wesley Paul, Trooper Michael Walton, Troop-er John Yacek. Town of Warrenton: Sergeant Arthur Leeper, Officer Matthew McGuirk. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2016 award recipients, and thank each of the men and women listed above for their service to our community. Their efforts are selfless acts of heroism that save innocent lives and truly merit our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in commending this extraordinary group of law enforcement professionals. REMEMBERING PEARL HARBOR—75 YEARS LATER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the sun was lazily rising on the horizon over the is-lands of Hawaii. It was around breakfast time on a stunning Sunday morning. It was quiet, peaceful, calm. People felt secure. There was a small tropical breeze as the American flag was being raised on a nearby flagpole. On December 7, 1941, America was at peace and unprepared for war. Suddenly, large formations of aircraft swarmed the blue Hawaii sky. The rising sun was darkened by hundreds of Japanese planes as they strafed and bombed Pearl Har-bor. The Japanese unleashed a fury of deadly, devastating bombs and torpedoes on the small island. The first attack of the Second World War on American soil was underway. It was 75 years ago today when Luke Trahin, a 22-year-old sailor from Beaumont, in south-east Texas and his fellow sailors, soldiers, and marines saw war unleashed upon America. Until that moment World War two was a far- off conflict. America watched silently, abstain-ing from the violence. But the days of inno-cence were over. America was under attack. The Japanese had caught America by sur-prise and took advantage of an unprepared nation. And after the smoke cleared on that morning of madness, 98 Navy planes and 64 Army aircraft were destroyed. Luke’s unit, Pa-trol Wing One, lost all but three of its 36 air-craft. 2,471 Americans, servicemen, and civil-ians were killed by this unwarranted invasion of terror from the skies. The pride of the United States Navy, the battleships—West Virginia, California, Okla-homa, Tennessee, Utah, Maryland, Nevada, and Arizona—were trapped in the harbor. They made easy targets for the Japanese pi-lots. The sailors onboard these battle wagons fought with the courage of entire legions of warriors when they were attacked by a skillful, fanatical, and tyrannical enemy. All of these fierce U.S. Navy battleships were sunk or damaged. Their guns, Mr. Speaker, are now silent. The hull of the USS Arizona became the sa-cred graveyard in the peaceful Pacific for more than 1,177 American sailors and ma-rines. Luke Trahan and his Navy buddies in Patrol Wing One quickly got organized, pre-pared, and waited for two days for the ex-pected land invasion of the Japanese. It never came. But America was at war. World War II had long been raging before America officially entered into the conflict. Spreading from the Pacific to Europe all the way to Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. The Japanese, then the Nazis; seemed undefeatable. But even the Japanese were concerned about the spirit of America. The Japanese commander of the Pearl Harbor in-vasion remarked that what Japan had done was wake a sleeping giant. Millions served in uniform overseas; millions served on the home front; all sacrificed for the cause of America. The nation woke from a somber sleep of neu-trality and, with our allies, defeated the tyrants that would rule over the world. That was a time when Americans put aside all differences and united to defend freedom in our Nation. When the war was won, over 400,000 Ameri-cans had given their lives for this nation. Until September 11th, this was the deadliest attack on U.S. soil. ‘‘December 7, 1941, a date that will live in infamy,’’ were words spo-ken by President Franklin D. Roosevelt that became forever embedded in the minds of pa-triots across our land, igniting and launching a nation into the fiery trenches of battle through-out the world. Those of that Greatest Generation proved that when the peace of this nation is threat-ened, our people will stand up and fight back, bringing the thunder of God upon our en-emies. Defending freedom and liberty was the battle cry of the sailors and soldiers that died 75 years ago at Pearl Harbor. We must con-tinue to remember December 7th, 1941 and the Americans who stood tall and kept the flame of America glowing brightly. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. BRUCE RICKER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Dr. Bruce Ricker, of Mount Ayr, Iowa, for being inducted into the Mount Ayr Community Schools Hall of Fame. Dr. Ricker graduated from Mount Ayr Com-munity Schools in 1975, where he played on two state tournament basketball teams in 1973 and 1975. He earned his degrees from the University of Iowa and the Iowa College of Os-teopathic Medicine and Health Sciences. After interning and practicing medicine in Phoenix, Arizona, Dr. Ricker returned to Mount Ayr in 1997. He practices medicine at the Mount Ayr Medical Clinic and serves as the Medical Ex-aminer for Ringgold County, Medical Director for HCI Hospice Care Services, as well as for Clearview Home and Mount Ayr Health Care Center. In 2003, Dr. Ricker was named Physi-cian of the Year by the Iowa Osteopathic Med-ical Association and was presented the Spirit of Hospice Award by the Iowa Hospice Asso-ciation. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Ricker’s efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Dr. Ricker for his achievements and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GARY ELLIS 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accomplishments of Mr. Gary Ellis. Mr. Ellis is retiring from medical tech-nology leader Medtronic this month after 27 years of service, including 11 years as the company’s chief financial officer. Mr. Ellis’s leadership and vision dramatically contributed to Medtronic’s financial well-being 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.064 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1631 December 7, 2016 
and the well-being of thousands of Medtronic employees. During his tenure with the com-pany, Medtronic’s revenue increased from $837 million in 1989 to $28.8 billion in 2016, a 34 times increase. Importantly, he helped oversee the growth of the company from ap-proximately 7,000 employees in 1989 to more than 88,000 employees today. Mr. Ellis is known for his sound advice, mentorship and positive outlook, and has provided honest and insightful counsel to the Medtronic Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, his peers and his team. Importantly, as part of Medtronic’s Mission to alleviate pain, restore health and extend life for people around the world, the company’s impact on people’s lives grew exponentially during Mr. Ellis’s leadership. In 2005, when Mr. Ellis became chief financial officer, the company proudly improved the life of some-one every 6 seconds. Today, as a result of strong leadership, growth and innovation, Medtronic technology improves the lives of two people every single second, or more than 65 million people per year. In addition, Mr. Ellis has demonstrated his commitment and passion for community through philanthropic activities and Board service, including service as Chairman of the American Heart Association Board in 2007 through 2008, as well as dedicated service on the boards of the Greater Twin Cities United Way and the Science Museum of Minnesota. He has also played an active leadership role and contributed many years of Board service to his local church. Prior to joining Medtronic in 1989, Mr. Ellis was a senior audit manager for Price Waterhouse, where, in addition to several other responsibilities, he managed the Medtronic audit for nearly 10 years. He worked with several large corporate organiza-tions, as well as providing audit services to numerous non-profit organizations. Mr. Ellis grew up on a farm in Sac City, Iowa, and originally aspired to be a math teacher. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in accounting in 1978 from the Univer-sity of South Dakota. Above all, Mr. Ellis is a family man, who cherishes spending time at the lake with his wife, Sue, their two children, and five grandchildren. Though his leadership will be sincerely missed, I wish him the best in his retirement and thank him for everything he has done within the business community and within the Twin Cities community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 593 on final passage of H.R. 6393, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, I would have voted Aye, which is consistent with my position on this legislation. ROUGH RIDGE AND ROCK MOUNTAIN FOREST FIRES HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the Rough Ridge and Rock Mountain forest fires that have re-cently impacted Northeast Georgia. Over the past few months, my district has experienced a severe drought that at one point led to a rainfall deficit of more than a foot and especially affected thousands of farmers in Northeast Georgia. This October, I had the opportunity to learn more about the drought’s repercussions from the Georgia Commissioner of Agriculture, Gary Black, and about 40 local farmers who have struggled with the historic drought. Unfortunately, the effects of the drought went beyond affecting our farmers, and, as wildfires continued to burn in Rough Ridge and Rock Mountain, I was deeply concerned. In fact, the Rough Ridge and Rock Moun-tain forest fires have each affected over 20,000 acres of land in Northeast Georgia. Today, I am grateful to report that the Rough Ridge and Rock Mountain forest fires have been 95 percent contained. I would like to thank the firefighters, police, emergency management and medical teams, and many others who have worked long hours at de-manding jobs to ensure the security and safe-ty of the public during this uncertain time. Mr. Speaker, I look forward, in the near fu-ture, to sharing the good news that the Rough Ridge and Rock Mountain forest fires have been completely contained. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PACTV 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of PACTV’s 20th anniversary. PACTV is a non-profit public access television station that operates six channels whose con-tent is available to over 35,000 households in Duxbury, Kingston, Pembroke and Plymouth, Massachusetts. This community-based television station, first established in 1996 by the cable com-mittee and selectmen in Plymouth, was found-ed with the idea that community television pro-gramming could be vastly improved. Over the past 20 years, PACTV has flourished and ben-efitted the communities it serves. PACTV has provided a state-of-the-art community multi- media facility and encourages citizens to par-ticipate in the democratic process by providing access to local government coverage and pro-gramming. Further, PACTV provides video production classes, has meeting spaces and an art gallery open to the public and helps local non-profits and community service pro-viders to organize and promote events. Over the years, PACTV has accumulated a highly qualified staff that is constantly working with the community and a dedicated board of directors from both industry and non-profit or-ganizations to bring greater quality program-ming to the Commonwealth. To this day, PACTV continues in the fine tradition of com-munity access television providing a first amendment forum undiluted by commercial considerations. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor PACTV on this joyous occasion. I ask that my col-leagues join me in wishing PACTV continued success in providing high quality television programming. f 
HONORING DEBORAH HUNT 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished career of Deborah Hunt. With her retirement approach-ing, she will soon close out over twenty years of incredible service to her community and begin the next chapter of her life. Deborah has fulfilled her duties with dedica-tion and innovation. Her commitment to public service started in 1994 when she served as Justice of the Peace in Williamson County. Through the years, she continued to serve her community through various public positions, including her appointment to the Board of Tax Professional Examiners by Former Governor George Bush and later appointed Chair of the Board by Former Governor Rick Perry. Deborah is well known throughout the state for paving the way to modernize her depart-ment. She led the implementation of on-line payments and simplification of tax collections. Her office has served as a test site for the Texas Department of Motor Vehicles to pilot upgrades and new systems. Deborah’s leader-ship is this arena has made a real difference in the lives of Texans. Deborah’s commitment to service and the highest standard of excellence has not gone unnoticed. Recognized by her colleagues for her devotion and hard work, she has achieved a long list of accolades, including Person of the Year as well as the Earl Luna Award, and the Marilyn Albert Achievement, the highest honor recognized by the Texas Association of Assessing Officers. Deborah Hunt’s extraordinary commitment to service reflects the best values of Central Texas. There’s no doubt that Williamson County is a better place because of her. I heartily salute her work and wish her the best of luck in all her new endeavors. 
f 
12TH ANNUAL OHIO STATEWIDE TRIBUTE TO ROSA PARKS 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Rosa Parks, ‘‘the Mother of the Modern Civil Rights Movement.’’ On December 1st, we marked the 61st anni-versary of Rosa Parks’ arrest for refusing to give up her seat on a Montgomery City Bus. Her defiance sparked the peaceful 381-day Montgomery bus boycott, leading to the de-segregation of our Nation’s public transpor-tation system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.067 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1632 December 7, 2016 
Rosa Parks, though small in stature, em-bodies the enormous impact one person can make. In recognition, 50 years later in 2005, as a member of the Ohio General Assembly, I spearheaded a bill to designate December 1st Rosa Parks Day, making Ohio the first State in the Nation to do so. This year marks the 12th annual tribute to Rosa Parks and I look forward to joining all Ohioans in celebration tomorrow on December 8th. In that spirit, today and every day, let us be inspired by Rosa Parks and never forget that one person can ignite change. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. DEEDEE CHOWDHURY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate Ms. DeeDee Chowdhury on her se-lection as a recipient of the KinderCare Edu-cation Legacy Award. KinderCare Education is the largest private early childhood education provider in the US, and plays a critical role in preparing young children for school. KinderCare Education serves 150,000 children in 39 states and the District of Columbia. Approximately 23 percent of their children are infants and toddlers. For over 40 years, KinderCare Learning Centers have been a place where every child can learn, explore, and discover in a safe and nur-turing environment in more than 1,400 com-munity-based centers. KinderCare leads the nation in accredited centers and is passionate about providing children a sense of discovery while preparing them for success in school and beyond. Every year, KinderCare recognizes a select few teachers by naming them recipients of its Legacy Awards. This year, one of the hon-orees is my constituent: Ms. DeeDee Chowdhury. Ms. Chowdhury is an educator at the Silverbrook KinderCare Learning Center located in Lorton, Virginia. As a result of win-ning this prestigious award, Ms. Chowdhury will receive a $10,000.00 prize and will also travel to the National Association for the Edu-cation of Young Children’s Annual Con-ference. Ms. Chowdhury is dedicated to educating the youngest members of our society. Early education has been proven to directly impact future academic performance as well as eco-nomic opportunities for children who have en-rolled in Pre-K programs. Through her commit-ment and efforts, she is helping to ensure the future success of not only her students but of our community. As a parent and former mem-ber and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, I understand that how the suc-cess of our communities is largely dependent upon the quality of our local schools, and that the quality of our schools is inextricably linked to the professionalism and expertise of their teachers. I have always considered public service to be one of the most noble of professions and the services provided by our educators are no exception. I commend Ms. Chowdhury for her service to our children and the Northern Vir-ginia community. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating her on receiving a 2016 Legacy Award and wishing her great success in all future endeavors. f 
PAMELA GOFF 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Pamela Goff for being recog-nized by the West Chamber as a 2016 Cele-brate Women Honoree. Celebrate Women Honorees are known for their perseverance, accomplishments, generosity, and dedication to their passions and their community. Pamela Goff has been President and CEO of PG Construction Services, Inc. for more than 21 years. She is known for her strong community engagement, willingness to jump right in, and her ability to plan and execute major projects. Pam obtained her Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from CU Denver and completed her graduate course work in Man-agement Accounting. She has maintained a CPA license for more than 30 years and also holds a Chartered Global Management Ac-countant (CGMA) certification. Pam currently serves on the Board of Direc-tors and on the Finance Committee for LocalWorks in Wheat Ridge, and has been in-volved in numerous other committees to sup-port small businesses and the larger commu-nity. Pam was one of the founding members of the Wheat Ridge Business Association (for-merly Enterprise Wheat Ridge) and served as the past president for four years. Pam has been recognized as a recipient of the ‘CPAs Who Make a Difference’ Award and has served as the Grande Parade Marshall for the Annual Wheat Ridge Carnation Festival. I extend my deepest congratulations to Pamela Goff for this well-deserved recognition by the West Chamber. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY PO-LICE CHIEF STEPHAN M. HUD-SON 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the career of Prince William County Police Chief Stephan M. Hudson and to con-gratulate him on his retirement following 34- years of dedicated service to county residents. Founded on July 1, 1970, the Prince William County Police Department serves as the pri-mary form of law enforcement for the county and the towns of Dumfries, Occoquan, Haymarket, and Quantico. At the time of its founding, the Department had a staff of 52, which included police officers, commanders, dispatchers, and secretaries, and an operating budget of $750,000. Today, the Department has grown to more than 845 individuals with an FY16 annual operating budget of $96.6 mil-lion. Over his three-year tenure as the head of the department, Chief Hudson has increased the number of sworn officers and increased the budget by over $20 million to better serve the growing community. In 2013, Stephan M. Hudson was sworn in as the third police chief of the Prince William County Police Department. Since his installa-tion, Chief Hudson has stressed the impor-tance of creating a diverse police force reflec-tive of Prince William County’s minority-major-ity makeup. Police Chief Hudson has also made increased police contact and trans-parency with Prince William County residents one of his top priorities. In his short tenure, Chief Hudson has done just that. The Police Department has achieved a 93 percent satis-faction rate in the community and has made significant strides to increase diversity in the police force, including in leadership positions. In the past three years, the department has promoted its first ethnic minority and first fe-male assistant chiefs. As a strong advocate for police accountability, Chief Hudson suc-cessfully lobbied the Board of County Super-visors to equip 500 of the department’s offi-cers with body cameras. Later this year, the Prince William County Police Department will become the largest municipality with officers to don the device and utilize the technology in the Commonwealth. To preserve the quality of police services, the Department continues to work on three capital improvement programs: the Central District Station, the Animal Control Facility, and the Public Safety Training Center Rifle Range. Chief Hudson is not only admired by the po-lice department’s rank and file but by county residents for his strong personal ties to the community. While his childhood was spent in Boston, Massachusetts, Hudson graduated from Gar-Field High School and has resided in the county ever since. As a proud resident of Prince William County for the past 40 years, Chief Hudson and his family are actively en-gaged in the community. His wife Roxana is the current principal at Belmont Elementary School. Together, Chief Hudson and his wife have two children and three grandchildren who were all born and raised in Prince William County. Devoted to his faith, Chief Hudson and his family worship at McLean Bible Church where they travel twice a year to par-ticipate in mission trips to rural Kenyan vil-lages. Over the span of his career with the Prince William County Police Department, Chief Hud-son has displayed the true meaning of civil service through his commitment to the rule of law while maintaining professionalism and dili-gence in serving the community. His values have endured the test of time and shaped the present culture of our Police Department. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the 34-year career of Chief Stephan M. Hudson with the Prince William County Police Department and in thanking him for his tireless service to our community. As a fearless leader, Chief Hudson rose quickly through the ranks with the Department. I have full confidence he will do the same in all future endeavors. I wish Chief Stephan M. Hudson and his family continued happiness and suc-cess in all future ventures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.072 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1633 December 7, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO MICHELL RICKER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Michell Ricker of Mount Ayr, Iowa, for being inducted into the Mount Ayr Community Schools Hall of Fame. Michell, a 1975 graduate of Mount Ayr Com-munity Schools, is a licensed social worker. Upon her return to Mount Ayr after college, she was employed by Ringgold County Public Health and served as a well-known community leader and advocate. She is an avid volunteer, holding a number of positions on community and state boards, including South Central Iowa Community Fund, Ringgold County Teen Center, the Iowa Department of Public Health, and the Iowa chapter of International Cooper-ating Ministries. In 2014 she was also award-ed a Governors Volunteer Award for her out-standing commitment to helping others. Mr. Speaker, Michell’s efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her for this recognition and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, De-cember 8, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:59 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07DE8.075 E07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with REMARKS
D1106 Wednesday, December 7, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 34, Tsunami Warning, Edu-cation, and Research Act (the legislative vehicle for 21st Century Cures Act). 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6765–S6847 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3511–3519, S. Res. 632, and S. Con. Res. 58.
                  Pages S6840–41 
Measures Reported: S. 425, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless vet-erans reintegration programs and to provide clarifica-tion regarding eligibility for services under such pro-grams, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–395) H.R. 1150, to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterter-rorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to reli-gious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. H.R. 2845, to promote access to benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act, with an amendment. H.R. 4481, to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to provide assistance for developing coun-tries to promote quality basic education and to es-tablish the goal of all children in school and learning as an objective of the United States foreign assistance policy, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. H.R. 4939, to increase engagement with the gov-ernments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean di-aspora community in the United States, and the pri-vate sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. H. Con. Res. 40, encouraging reunions of divided Korean American families. S. Res. 535, expressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 537, expressing profound concern about the ongoing political, economic, social and humani-tarian crisis in Venezuela, urging the release of polit-ical prisoners, and calling for respect of constitu-tional and democratic processes, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. 8, to provide for the approval of the Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Norway Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy. S. 1182, to exempt application of JSA attribution rule in case of existing agreements. S. 2658, to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the Federal Aviation Administration for fiscal years 2016 through 2017, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. Con. Res. 30, expressing concern over the dis-appearance of David Sneddon. S. Con. Res. 57, honoring in praise and remem-brance the extraordinary life, steady leadership, and remarkable, 70-year reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand.
                                           Page S6839 
Conference Reports: National Defense Authorization Act—Con-ference Report: Senate resumed consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07DE6.REC D07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1107 December 7, 2016 
construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                Pages S6795–S6826 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 92 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. 158), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the conference report to accompany the bill.
                                                  Page S6795 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the conference re-port to accompany the bill, post-cloture, at approxi-mately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, December 8, 2016; and that all post-cloture time on the conference re-port to accompany the bill expire at 12:30 p.m. 
                                                                                            Page S6845 
House Messages: Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act: By 94 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. 157), Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 34, to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, forecast, warn-ing, research, and mitigation program of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, after taking action on the following motion and amendments proposed thereto:
                   Pages S6769–95 
Rejected: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 5117, to change the enactment date. (Senate tabled the mo-tion to concur.)
                                            Pages S6769, S6794 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: McConnell Amendment No. 5118 (to Amend-ment No. 5117), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 5117 fell. 
                                                                                            Page S6769 
Executive Reports of Committees: Senate received the following executive report of a committee: Report to accompany Protocol to the North At-lantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Monte-negro (Treaty Doc. 114–12) (Ex. Rept. 114–16). 
                                                                                            Page S6840 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: 46 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 94 Army nominations in the rank of general. 4 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, Marine Corps, and Navy. 
                                                                Pages S6843–45, S6846–47 Nomination Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nomination: Ann Begeman, of South Dakota, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expir-ing December 31, 2020.
                                        Page S6846 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6838 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S6839 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6839 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S6839–40 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6841–42 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S6842 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S6838 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S6842–43 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—158)
                                                                Page S6795 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 8:24 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, December 8, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6845.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tion of Ann Begeman, of South Dakota, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, De-partment of Transportation. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security concluded a hearing to examine assessing the security of our critical surface transportation infrastructure, after re-ceiving testimony from John Roth, Inspector Gen-eral, Office of Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security; Neil Trugman, Interim Chief, Amtrak Police Department; Thomas Belfiore, The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, New York; Chris Spear, American Trucking Associations, Inc., Washington, D.C.; and Anthony Straquadine, Jr., Alliance Pipeline Inc., Eden Prairie, Minnesota, on behalf of the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07DE6.REC D07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1108 December 7, 2016 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: On Tuesday, December 6, 2016, Committee ordered favorably reported H. Con. Res. 40, encouraging reunions of divided Ko-rean American families. LAND BUY-BACK PROGRAM FOR TRIBAL NATIONS Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Department of the Interior’s Land Buy-Back Program for Tribal Na-tions, four years later, after receiving testimony from Michael L. Connor, Deputy Secretary of the Interior; Floyd Azure, Assiniboine and Sioux Tribes of the Fort Peck Reservation, Poplar, Montana; Terry Tatsey, Blackfeet Nation, Browning, Montana; Turk Cobell, Cobell Board of Trustees, Lubbock, Texas; and Melvin E. Monette-Barajas, Indigenous Edu-cation, Inc., Albuquerque, New Mexico. AT&T-TIME WARNER TRANSACTION Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Anti-trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights con-cluded a hearing to examine the competitive impact of the AT&T-Time Warner transaction, after receiv-ing testimony from Randall Stephenson, AT&T Inc., and Mark Cuban, both of Dallas, Texas; Jeff Bewkes, Time Warner Inc., New York, New York; Gene Kimmelman, Public Knowledge, Washington, D.C.; and Daphna E. Ziman, Cinemoi, Los Angeles, Cali-fornia. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6447–6475; and 5 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 180–182; and H. Res. 948, 950, were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H7396–97 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7398–99 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3764, to provide that an Indian group may receive Federal acknowledgment as an Indian tribe only by an Act of Congress, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–847); Final Report of the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi (H. Rept. 114–848); and H. Res. 949, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 612) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ (H. Rept. 114–849).
      Page H7396 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Neugebauer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H7273 Recess: The House recessed at 11:38 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H7285 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act: H.R. 329, amended, to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Re-lated Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facili-tate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources;
                                                   Pages H7292–97 
Revising the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey: H.R. 6400, to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey;
                        Pages H7297–98 
Chicano Park Preservation Act: H.R. 3711, amended, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Chicano Park, located in San Diego, California; Authorizing the Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks of the Department of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with appropriate ci-vilian accreditation entities or appropriate health care evaluation entities to investigate medical cen-ters of the Department of Veterans Affairs: H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07DE6.REC D07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1109 December 7, 2016 
6435, to authorize the Directors of Veterans Inte-grated Service Networks of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into contracts with appropriate civilian accreditation entities or appropriate health care evaluation entities to investigate medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs; 
                                                                                    Pages H7202–03 
Communities Helping Invest through Property and Improvements Needed for Veterans Act of 2016: H.R. 5099, amended, to establish a pilot pro-gram on partnership agreements to construct new fa-cilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs; 
                                                                                    Pages H7303–06 
To Research, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astro-nauts Act: H.R. 6076, amended, to require the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to establish a program for the med-ical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of astro-nauts, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 413 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 614; 
                                                                Pages H7306–10, H7324–25 
National Urban Search and Rescue Response System Act of 2016: S. 2971, amended, to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response Sys-tem, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 405 yeas to 7 nays, Roll No. 615;
                                  Pages H7310–12, H7325–26 
Federal Bureau of Investigation Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2016: H.R. 5790, amended, to provide adequate protections for whis-tleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 404 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 616;
                         Pages H7312–13, H7326 
Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act: H.R. 4298, to direct the Secretary of the Army to place in Arlington National Cemetery a memorial hon-oring the helicopter pilots and crew members of the Vietnam era;
                                                         Pages H7328–30 
Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016: H.R. 6130, to provide the victims of Holo-caust-era persecution and their heirs a fair oppor-tunity to recover works of art confiscated or mis-appropriated by the Nazis;
                           Pages H7330–33 
Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Se-curity Act of 2016: H.R. 6431, to ensure United States jurisdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in fur-therance of border security initiatives; and 
                                                                                    Pages H7340–43 
Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Re-authorization Act of 2016: S. 2854, amended, to re-authorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007.
                                          Pages H7343–46 Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures which were debated on Tuesday, December 6th: Arbuckle Project Maintenance Complex and District Office Conveyance Act of 2016: H.R. 1219, amended, to authorize the Secretary of the In-terior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 412 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 611; and 
                                                                                            Page H7301 
Daniel J. Evans Olympic National Park Wil-derness Act: S. 3028, to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 401 yeas to 8 nays with 2 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 612.
        Pages H7301–02 
Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 5143, to provide greater transparency and congressional oversight of inter-national insurance standards setting processes, by a yea-and-nay vote of 239 yeas to 170 nays, Roll No. 613.
                                                                          Pages H7313–24 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–68 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Fi-nancial Services now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                    Pages H7313–14 
Agreed to: DeSantis amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–846) that adds an additional requirement that the international agreement must be written in plain writing, as defined by the Plain Writing Act of 2010.
                                                                               Page H7324 
H. Res. 944, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5143) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 610, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 178 nays, Roll No. 609. 
                                                         Pages H7288–92, H7299–H7301 
Better Online Ticket Sales Act of 2016: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 3183, to prohibit the circumvention of con-trol measures used by Internet ticket sellers to en-sure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event.
                                                          Pages H7326–27 
Directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a certain correction in the enrollment of S. 1635: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 181, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a certain correc-tion in the enrollment of S. 1635.
           Pages H7327–28 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07DE6.REC D07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1110 December 7, 2016 
Requiring a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 1632, to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram.
                                           Page H7328 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, December 8.
                    Page H7328 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture—Communication: Read a letter from Chair-man Shuster wherein he transmitted copies of resolu-tions to authorize four lease prospectuses and two construction projects, included in the General Serv-ices Administration’s Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. The resolutions were adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on December 7, 2016.
                                           Pages H7346–85 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016: H.R. 4919, amended, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering charac-teristics of some children with autism. 
                                                                                    Pages H7333–40 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate today and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H7292, H7312. Quorum Calls—Votes: Seven yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7299–H7300, H7300–01, H7301, H7301–02, H7324, H7324–25, H7325–26, and H7326. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:47 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
1890 LAND-GRANT INSTITUTIONS: RECRUITMENT CHALLENGES AND SCHOLARSHIP OPPORTUNITIES Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘1890 Land-Grant Institutions: Recruit-ment Challenges and Scholarship Opportunities’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives David Scott of Georgia; Cleaver; and Cramer; and public witnesses. CALIFORNIA NATIONAL GUARD BONUS REPAYMENT ISSUE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘California National Guard Bonus Repayment Issue’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Timothy J. Kadavy, U.S. Army, Director, Army National Guard, National Guard Bureau; Major General David S. Baldwin, U.S. Army, Adjutant General, California National Guard; Peter Levine, performing the duties of the Undersecretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Readiness, Department of Defense; Alissa M. Starzak, General Counsel, Department of the Army; and Teresa (Terri) A. McKay, Director, De-fense Finance and Accounting Service. WASTE AND DUPLICATION IN THE USDA CATFISH INSPECTION PROGRAM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Waste and Duplica-tion in the USDA Catfish Inspection Program’’. Tes-timony was heard from William Jones, Deputy Di-rector, Office of Food Safety, Food and Drug Admin-istration; Steve Morris, Acting Director, Natural Re-sources and Environment, Government Account-ability Office; and public witnesses. UNCONVENTIONAL MONETARY POLICY Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Unconventional Monetary Policy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. CORRUPTION: A DANGER TO DEMOCRACY IN EUROPE AND EURASIA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘Corruption: A Danger to Democracy in Eu-rope and Eurasia’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE COSTS OF OVERCLASSIFICATION ON TRANSPARENCY AND SECURITY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Costs of Overclassification on Transparency and Se-curity’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. TIME AND ATTENDANCE ABUSE AT THE U.S. PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Time and Attendance Abuse at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office’’. Testimony was heard from Russell Slifer, Deputy Under Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07DE6.REC D07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1111 December 7, 2016 
Commerce for Intellectual Property, Deputy Direc-tor, Patent and Trademark Office; David Smith, Act-ing Deputy Inspector General, Department of Com-merce; and public witnesses. SENATE BILL TO DESIGNATE THE FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE LOCATED AT 1300 VICTORIA STREET IN LAREDO, TEXAS, AS THE ‘‘GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE’’; SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. 612, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; and Senate amendment to H.R. 2028, the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 6–2, a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–70 modified by the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the motion. The rule provides that the Sen-ate amendment and motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for S. 612. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Nat-ural Resources, and Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. The rule waives all points of order against con-sideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–69 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Shuster, Chairman Bishop of Utah, Chairman Upton, Chairman Rogers of Kentucky, and Representatives Doyle of Pennsylvania, and Lowey. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a markup on General Services Ad-ministration Capital Investment and Leasing Pro-gram Resolutions. The General Services Administra-tion Capital Investment and Leasing Program Reso-lutions passed, without amendment. 
Joint Meetings 
BALTIC SECURITY Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on Baltic security after the Warsaw NATO summit from Michael Johnson, RAND Corporation, Arlington, Virginia; Magnus Nordenman, Atlantic Council of the United States Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security, Washington, D.C.; and Karl Altau, Joint Baltic American National Committee, Inc., Rockville, Maryland. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on State Department and USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development, to hold hearings to examine State Department and United States Agency for International Development management chal-lenges and opportunities for the next administration, 10:15 a.m., SD–419. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Review of the U.S. Navy’s Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) Program’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Mixed Martial Arts: Issues and Perspectives’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Regulations on Short-Term Fi-nancing’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘DATA Act Implementation Check-In’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07DE6.REC D07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1112 December 7, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, December 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the conference report to accompany S. 2943, Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, post-cloture, and vote on the conference report to accompany the bill at 12:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, December 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028—Energy and Water Develop-ment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of S. 612—To des-ignate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of meas-ures under suspension of the rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barton, Joe, Tex., E1619 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1631 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1617 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E1621 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1611 Carter, John R., Tex., E1614, E1621, E1631 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1616 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1616, E1631 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1615, E1624, E1629 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E1609 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1613, E1614, E1618, E1619, E1620, E1624, E1626, E1629, E1632, E1632 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1628 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1612, E1627 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1626 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1626 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1612, E1624 Fortenberry, Jeff, Nebr., E1611 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E1614, E1619, E1624, E1628 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1615, E1625 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1618 Keating, William R., Mass., E1631 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1629 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E1625 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1627 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1613, E1623 Mica, John L., Fla., E1625 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1610 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E1616, E1630 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1609, E1610, E1612, E1615, E1617, E1620, E1625, E1629, E1632 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1630 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1610 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1628 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1611 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E1609 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1616 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1611, E1616, E1621, E1627 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1623 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1610 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1618 Williams, Roger, Tex., E1612, E1618, E1623, E1627, E1631 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1613, E1617, E1620, E1629 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1611 Young, David, Iowa, E1612, E1615, E1618, E1619, E1623, E1624, E1626, E1627, E1630, E1633 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:41 Dec 08, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07DE6.REC D07DEPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with DIGEST