Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1323 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 2016 No. 37 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Thursday, March 10, 2016, at 11:30 a.m. 
Senate 
TUESDAY , MARCH 8, 2016 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God of grace and glory, You are the source of all life. You have challenged us to number our days, not our weeks, months or years. Give us the wisdom to comprehend the brevity and uncer-tainty of our life’s journey, motivating us to plan not only for time but eter-nity. Lord, forgive us when we boast about tomorrow, forgetting that our times are in Your hands. Today, bless our lawmakers and their staffs. Remind them that they belong to You and that You will order their steps. As they wrestle with complex issues, help them seek Your wisdom and guidance. Empower them as stew-ards of Your bounty to serve You and humanity, striving to be faithful in the vocation to which You have called them. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the junior Senator from New Hampshire delivered a powerful address to our Na-tion this weekend. She spoke about the need to tackle a heroin and prescrip-tion opioid epidemic that is impacting not just her State, not just my State, but communities all across our coun-try. Senator A
YOTTE correctly called this a ‘‘life or death issue’’ and talked about what she has been doing to ad-dress it. She also talked about impor-tant legislation the Senate is consid-ering that would help address the prob-lem. I was proud to see the Senate vote yesterday to advance the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act. It is bipartisan legislation that colleagues in both parties—like the junior Sen-ator from New Hampshire, her col-league from Minnesota, and, of course, the lead sponsors from Ohio and Rhode Island—have worked hard to advance. I want to especially thank the lead Republican sponsor of this bill, the jun-ior Senator from Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN , for all the work he has done on this critical legislation. The same is true for the senior Senator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY , who worked to move this bill quickly through the committee that he chairs. Let’s not forget the Senators in both parties who worked with the bill man-agers to process the kind of amend-ments both sides agree would make a good bill even better. Because of the dedicated leadership of Senators from both sides of the aisle, we will soon have the opportunity to actually pass this important legislation. I urge colleagues to join me in voting to do so. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act is important legisla-tion that will help tackle this crisis at every level. It is a good bill, it enjoys strong bipartisan support, and it builds upon a foundation we laid just a few months ago when we appropriated $400 million to opioid-specific programs— money that still remains available to be spent. This bipartisan legislation also comes at a time when our Nation needs it most. My home State of Kentucky has been among the hardest hit by this epidemic, with more people dying from drug overdoses than car crashes. As the junior Senator from New Hampshire reminded us in her address this weekend, these are not just num-bers. ‘‘Behind every statistic and be-hind every headline is a life that has been lost,’’ Senator AYOTTE said. ‘‘This is not a Republican or Democratic issue—it affects all of us.’’ I want to thank her and the lead Re-publican sponsor from Ohio for their important work. I thank their col-leagues across the aisle from Rhode Is-land and Minnesota and the Judiciary Committee chairman from Iowa as well. Let’s keep working together to pass the bipartisan CARA bill and take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.000 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1324 March 8, 2016 
another step towards ending this dev-astating epidemic. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. REID. Mr. President, under the Republican leader’s direction, this Sen-ate continues to make history for all the wrong reasons. Despite proclaiming that the Senate is back to work, the Republican majority is on pace to be-come one of the least productive Sen-ates ever. By now, most Americans are aware of the Republican leader’s decision to block consideration of the Supreme Court nomination that President Obama will soon make. But the his-toric obstruction of a Supreme Court nominee is the most recent and prolific example of the Republican leader’s ab-dication of his constitutional duties and that of the whole Republican cau-cus. What is that? To provide advice and consent to Presidential nomina-tions. Since his party assumed the majority in the Senate last January, the Repub-lican leader and his colleagues have ground the nominations to a halt. Ac-cording to the nonpartisan Congres-sional Research Service, the pace of ju-dicial nominations being confirmed this Congress is the worst. To date, this Republican-controlled Senate has confirmed a total of 16 judicial nomina-tions. That is about one a month. Since the beginning of the year, we have con-firmed just five judges. We have 11 judges pending on the Senate calendar, and there would be a lot more, but the chairman of the com-mittee simply is not holding any hear-ings. He canceled the meeting last week. Maybe they will have one the day after tomorrow. They are not even holding hearings for the people in the pipeline whom the President has nomi-nated. The 11 judges pending on the Senate calendar is not definitive of the real problem we have in this country. But even on the 11, the Republicans refuse to schedule votes—even on judges such as Waverly Crenshaw from Tennessee, who is supported by the two Republican Senators from Tennessee. If the Republican leader will not even schedule votes on consensus judges rec-ommended by Republican Senators, how can Democrats expect a vote on their recommendations? While the Republican leader and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee seem content not to do their jobs, the American people are being robbed of justice. There has been a spike in judi-cial emergencies. If there aren’t enough judges to hear the cases that arise, it is deemed to be an emergency because the judges there are unable to do the work because there are too few judges. When the Republicans assumed con-trol of the Senate last year, there were 12 judicial emergencies nationwide. Now there are 31—1 year later, 31. They are going up almost by the week. As I have indicated, that number will only grow as Republicans continue to refuse to process important judicial nomina-tions. But the obstruction isn’t limited to Supreme Court nominees or judges to fill these judicial emergencies. There are other matters that we should be concerned about. Take, for example, the Banking Com-mittee. It is setting records for doing nothing. The committee has been oper-ating under the leadership of the senior Senator from Alabama. In that time, the committee has not yet reported a single nomination. This is unprece-dented. According to the Congressional Re-search Service, which is a nonpartisan group, the Banking Committee has re-ported out at least one nomination every year for the past 50 years—not now. It is the only Senate committee not to consider a single nomination last year. When asked why, he said he had other things to do. What are those nominations that the Senator has put a hold on? What posi-tions have gone unfilled as the chair-man pursued his political career with the primary election just having been completed? The Under Secretary of Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence is really important and two seats on the Securities and Ex-change Commission. We know that Wall Street needs to be monitored very closely. We have two seats that need to be filled. There are two seats on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, and we know how important that is. There are the Director of the U.S. Mint and the Export-Import Bank Board of Directors. They can’t do their work now because we need to fill those spots. There are the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, the inspector general, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration, and others. From the Republican leader to his committee chairs and the rank and file, we continue to hear that the Sen-ate is working again. This is a figment of the Republicans’ imagination. It is not working again. It appears the Re-publican Senate isn’t interested in doing its job. There no longer seems to be a voice of reason coming from the Republican side. Isn’t there a single Republican who will stand against the Republican lead-er’s nominations blockade? Isn’t there a single Republican willing to put an end to this historic obstruction? Pro-viding advice and consent on the Presi-dent’s nominees is a constitutional duty. I say: Do your job. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have an article here from CNN. It is quite illu-minating. When I was a boy growing up in the town of Searchlight, we didn’t have people of color—no one, ever. When I went away to high school, we did have people of color. There were not many, but certainly we had African Ameri-cans, and we had Hispanics. It wasn’t until then, when I went to high school, that I had a wonderful Spanish teacher, Marlan Walker. I was able to visit with him when I went home last time to see him. He had lost his wife Colleen. He made such a difference in my life. But he is a fine man and was a great Span-ish teacher. It was the first time I had ever heard anything about pinatas. What is a pinata? Traditionally, they have them in Mexico, where they have a figure. It can be all kinds of things, but let’s say it is a horse. You blindfold young people. They have a stick in their hand, and they can’t see. They know it is hung there; they saw it be-fore they were blindfolded. They try to find the pinata so they can hit it be-cause presents come out of it. Things come out of the pinata. But, boy, the pinata gets beaten until it starts dumping little presents on everyone’s head. This article, which came from what happened on CNN, would be illu-minating for people to read. It is writ-ten by Ted Barrett, dated yesterday. When asked about Presidential nomi-nees to the Supreme Court, the assist-ant Republican leader said: ‘‘I think they will bear some resemblance to a pinata.’’ Think about that. They don’t know who the nominee is. They don’t know anything about the person, but they al-ready have in their mind that they are going to beat this person like a pinata. These are his words, not mine. Direct quote: ‘‘I think they will bear some re-semblance to a pinata.’’ Think about that. He is saying Re-publicans are going to do all they can to hurt this person’s reputation, to beat on them, like a pinata. He went on to say: ‘‘Because there is no guarantee, certainly, after that time they’re going to look as good as they did going in.’’ Think about that: to say to the Amer-ican people that they refuse to meet with somebody they don’t know, refuse to have a committee hearing on some-one they don’t know, refuse to have a vote in the committee, and refuse to have a vote on this floor. Now the assistant Republican leader has told us that it doesn’t matter who it is. It doesn’t matter if the nominee is a man, woman, old, or young. It doesn’t matter what their education is or what their experience is, they are going to beat that person like a pinata. I think they have been listening to Donald Trump too much. The Repub-licans need to stop and listen to the disgusting rhetoric they are spewing. They are going to treat someone they don’t even know like a pinata? Now the Republicans are reduced to acting like big, tough people and threatening to destroy the reputation of someone they don’t even know. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.001 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1325 March 8, 2016 
haven’t even seen them yet. This is vile behavior that is beneath the dignity of this institution. If Republicans con-tinue down this path of destruction while working on this process, it is going to reverberate in the wrong di-rection for decades to come. They have to get their senses back. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the CNN article written by Ted Barrett, to which I referred, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From CNN, Mar. 7, 2016] S
UPREME COURT NOMINEE WOULD BEA ‘P
IN˜ATA,’ CORNYN SAYS (By Ted Barrett) The No. 2 Senate Republican warned Mon-day that potential nominees to the Supreme Court should consider the battle they will be forced to endure if they are picked for the post, suggesting a high-stakes slugfest could damage their reputations in a fruitless pur-suit of the top court. ‘‘I think they will bear some resemblance to a pin˜ata,’’ said Sen. John Cornyn of Texas. ‘‘What I don’t understand is how someone who actually wants to be confirmed to the Supreme Court would actually allow them-selves to be used by the administration in a political fight that’s going to last from now until the end of the year,’’ Cornyn told a small group of reporters in the Capitol. He added: ‘‘Because there is no guarantee, certainly, after that time they’re going to look as good as they did going in.’’ Cornyn, a member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, adamantly opposes confirming Presi-dent Barack Obama’s Supreme Court pick to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia, a conservative stalwart on the bench who died last month. Obama is expected to name a replacement any day. ‘‘There is no question Democrats would do the same thing if the shoe was on the other foot based on their prior conduct and I don’t think the voters are really interested in see-ing the ideological balance of the court changed for the next 30 years by a lame duck president,’’ Cornyn said. The tension between the parties was on full display on the Senate floor when Demo-cratic Leader Harry Reid continued his weeks-long tirade against the Republican chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley of Iowa, for vowing not to schedule a confirmation hearing for an even-tual nominee. ‘‘He is allowing himself and his committee to be manipulated by the Republican leader for narrow, partisan warfare. He is taking his orders from the Republican leader and, sadly, Donald Trump,’’ Reid said. ‘‘Donald Trump on this issue, when asked about it, his words were three: ‘Delay, delay, delay.’ Grassley must have been listening.’’ Democrats believe that under enough pres-sure Grassley, who is up for re-election, could crumble and open the door to a hearing and a vote for a nominee. But Grassley didn’t sound like he was ready to fold when he responded to Reid. ‘‘The tantrums on the other side con-tinue,’’ said Grassley. ‘‘But I guess it shouldn’t surprise anybody as everyone knows around here nothing makes the mi-nority leader more mad than when his side is forced to play by its own rules.’’ Grassley also compared Obama to King George III for ‘‘executive overreach,’’ which he said frustrated the founding fathers then and frustrates the Senate Republicans now. Also Monday, Reid met in his Capitol of-fice with Patty Judge, a Democrat and former lieutenant governor of Iowa who just announced she will challenge Grassley this fall. Cornyn said he has no doubts about the 82- year-old Grassley’s ability to withstand po-litical pressure from Democrats. ‘‘They don’t know Chuck Grassley,’’ Cor-nyn said. ‘‘He’s like a rock.’’ Interest groups on the left and right are lined up to champion their causes in what is expected to be an expensive and protracted battle that could undermine the candidate, no matter how well qualified or liked he or she is. ‘‘As a practical matter, there would be no requirement on the part of a Democratic president to reappoint the same person. So I think they need to realize we’re serious about the position we’ve taken,’’ Cornyn said. 
Mr. REID. I yield the floor and ask the Chair to announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, equally divided, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the Democrats con-trolling the first half and the majority controlling the final half. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, several weeks ago, the untimely passing of Su-preme Court Justice Antonin Scalia created a vacancy on the Supreme Court, which now has only eight Jus-tices. It called into question the con-stitutional responsibility of the Presi-dent of the United States when such a vacancy exists and the constitutional responsibility of this Senate. This morning in the Washington Post, there was speculation about six possible nominees the President could send to the Senate. It was speculation in the paper, and we don’t know if any one of those would actually be the nominee suggested by the President, but it is very obvious—and having spo-ken with the President personally on this issue, I know he is carefully weigh-ing the options. Why will the President move forward on this nomination? Because the Con-stitution requires it. In article II, sec-tion 2, it says the President shall ap-point a nominee to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court—shall; not may, shall appoint—and the Senate shall perform its advice and consent duties with respect to that nomination. So there are two constitutional respon-sibilities: for the President to suggest a nominee and for the Senate to act on that nominee. There have been instances in Amer-ican history where argument could be made that that constitutional respon-sibility should be ignored or at least delayed. One that comes to mind dates back to 1942. On October 3, 1942, a va-cancy arose on the Supreme Court of the United States. On that day, Justice James Byrnes on the Supreme Court resigned his seat to become Director of the Office of Economic Stabilization in the Roosevelt administration. On January 11, 1943, President Roo-sevelt nominated Wiley Rutledge, a Kentucky native and former dean of the University of Iowa College of Law, to fill that vacancy. At this point in 1943, the United States was fully en-gaged in the Second World War. When the President sent up this nomination, battles were raging in Europe, Asia, Af-rica, and in the Atlantic and the Pa-cific. It was unclear whether we would prevail or the enemy would prevail. Each day brought alarming, stunning news about developments in the war. Three days after making his Supreme Court nomination, President Roosevelt flew to Morocco to join Churchill and de Gaulle at a Casablanca conference on the future of the war. At this con-ference, the Allies coordinated their strategy against the Axis powers and decided to launch an offensive in Sicily and in Italy. On January 27, 1943, American bomb-ers from the Eighth Air Force con-ducted the first American air raid over Germany. On January 30, Japanese air-craft torpedoed and sank a cruiser named the USS Chicago in the South Pacific. Sixty-two men lost their lives. Over a thousand survived due to a dar-ing and swift rescue. The Nation was clearly engaged in war. There was every reason in the world for the President and even the Senate to say: This is no time to talk about a Supreme Court vacancy. In-stead, the President and the Senate, even in the midst of World War II, un-derstood their obligation under the Constitution. The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing for Rutledge on January 22, 11 days after his nomi-nation had been sent to the Hill by President Roosevelt. The committee reported Rutledge’s nomination to the floor on February 1, and he was con-firmed by the full Senate on February 8, 1943, 28 days after his nomination. Mr. President, I wanted to put this set of facts on the record to make it clear that there is absolutely no excuse for what the Senate Republicans are doing with this vacancy. There is no excuse for the Senate Republicans to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.003 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1326 March 8, 2016 
ignore their constitutional responsi-bility, a Constitution which they have sworn to uphold and defend. We are not in the midst of a world war; we are in the midst of a Presidential campaign. And that in and of itself explains why Senator M
CCONNELL , just hours after the announcement of the death of Antonin Scalia, made it clear that the Senate would not accept its responsi-bility under the Constitution to fill this vacancy on the Supreme Court. It is a sad reality that the Repub-licans have made this decision to leave the Supreme Court for over a year with this vacancy. When was the last time the Senate left the Supreme Court with a vacancy for over a year? It goes back to the Civil War, when we were at war with ourselves, with thousands being killed on a daily basis. It was in that turmoil that we left a vacancy on the Supreme Court for over a year. Now the Senate Republicans point to the turmoil of a Presidential election campaign as their reason for not ac-cepting their constitutional responsi-bility. They make a vacuous argument that we should wait and pick a new President and let this new President, in his next term or her next term, fill this vacancy. Well, that is an empty argument because in the year 2012, in November of 2012, there was a Presi-dential election. The two major party nominees were, of course, President Obama running for reelection and Mitt Romney running on the Republican side. In that election, the American people made a clear choice. By a mar-gin of 5 million votes, they reelected President Barack Obama, and they re-elected him for a 4-year term. So it turns out that even in this year of 2016, Barack Obama is still the President of the United States. This may come as news to those on the Republican side of the aisle, but he was reelected for 4 years by a 5 million-vote margin, and their refusal to give this President due consideration of his nominee is a rejec-tion of that verdict of the American people in that election. So for the first time in history, we find a nominee presented by the Presi-dent about to come to Capitol Hill, and the promise of the Senate Republicans? They will not even hold a hearing, will not even consider this nominee, and won’t bring it to a vote. In fact, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL went further. He said he would refuse to even meet with any nominee sent by the President. That is unheard of, unprecedented, uncalled for, and an embarrassment to this in-stitution of the United States Senate. I call on the members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, on which I am proud to serve, to step back and reas-sess the letter they signed 2 weeks ago. It was a letter accepting Senator M
CCONNELL ’s strategy, saying they would not do their job. They would, in fact, walk away from their job, walk away from their constitutional respon-sibility. I would hope they would real-ize they are leaving a mark in history which is indefensible, a mark in his-tory which is unprecedented, and one which sadly will leave the Supreme Court with only eight Justices. The American people have spoken. They have chosen the President. The President has accepted his constitu-tional responsibility. The Senate, under Republican leadership, can do no less. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be per-mitted to speak for up to 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am pleased to be on the floor to speak again in support of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, which the Senate will consider and I hope approve this week. It is a long overdue measure to address the public health hurricane, a crisis we face in this country. It is every bit as real and threatening as threats from abroad. In fact, I have just now come from a hearing of the Armed Services Committee, where I had the opportunity to question some of our Nation’s leading military ex-perts, including the head of our Special Operations Command, General Votel, about the threat posed by illicit sub-stances, such as heroin, to this coun-try. The testimony was that those sub-stances, when they come to this coun-try, follow the same route as terror-ists, illicit arms, and other military threats to this Nation. The bipartisan support for the meas-ure before us is a sign of the meaning-ful strides that this Nation has taken, but more is necessary to be done to-ward ending the epidemic of heroin ad-diction and prescription drug abuse. It is a danger to every community across the country, big cities and towns in Connecticut, suburban and urban. Every race and religion, ethnic group, and demographic is potentially a vic-tim. I have heard from our colleagues across the country that this crisis truly has proportions on a par with any of the tornadoes, floods or hurricanes we have seen as natural disasters. Abuse and addiction are crippling com-munities around the country, shat-tering families, and imposing enor-mous financial and human costs. In my home State of Connecticut, overdose deaths have steadily in-creased, as they have throughout the Nation, and they now surpass auto-mobile crashes as the leading cause of injury-related death for Americans be-tween the ages of 25 and 64. Con-necticut saw more than 700 overdose deaths in 2015. Without a doubt, we must act. Many communities across Con-necticut and our country already have taken steps and have dedicated re-sources to stopping the epidemic of heroin addiction and prescription drug overuse. I am very privileged to wel-come a number of those communities to the Senate today. They are rep-resented by mayors from major cities in Connecticut: Mayor Joe Ganim of Bridgeport, Mayor O’Leary of Water-bury, Mayor Moran of Manchester, along with local officials from Bridge-port, Groton, Manchester, New Haven, South Windsor, and the Connecticut Conference of Municipalities. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD a list of officials I just referred to. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
BRIDGEPORT CITY COUNCIL  Joe Ganim (mayor), Evette Brantley, Scott Burns, Milita Feliciano, Tom Caudett, Jea-nette Herron, Michelle Lyons, Gina Malheiro, Tom McCarthy, Aides Nieves, John Olson, Anthony Paoletto, Richard Salt-er, Neenah Smith, AmyMarie Vizzo- Paniccia. 
GROTON  Bonnie Nault, Harry Watson. 
MANCHESTER TOWN COUNCIL  Jay Moran (mayor), Margaret Hackett, Patrick Greene. 
NEW HAVEN CITY COUNCIL  Delphine Clyburn, Frank Douglass, Alberta Gibbs, Rosa Ferraro Santana, Brian Wingate. 
SOUTH WINDSOR TOWN MANAGER  Matt Galligan. 
CONNECTICUT CONFERENCE OF MUNICIPALITIES  Ron Thomas, Kevin Maloney. 
WATERBURY  Neil O’Leary (mayor). 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. They have shown by their actions they are willing to not only talk the talk but actually walk the walk. I participated with Mayor Ganim over the weekend in a public press conference, noting the truly extraordinary and excellent work by their drug task force to stop, appre-hend, arrest, and prosecute a major drug ring in the city of Bridgeport. I have talked to Mayor O’Leary about efforts in Waterbury and throughout his region—a very respon-sible and effective action he took as police chief of Waterbury—but we know we are not going to arrest our way out of this crisis. Law enforcement needs more effective support and re-sources. There is no way around the need for supporting and enhancing the operations of our local, State, and Fed-eral law enforcement officials—in fact, increasing the partnership and co-operation among them, as was so dra-matically shown by the successful law enforcement in the city of Bridgeport against this drug ring last week. All have a role and all of their cooperation is necessary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.005 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1327 March 8, 2016 
All of us have a responsibility to sup-port their work, but the bill before us also recognizes that we are not going to arrest or jail our way out of this cri-sis. In fact, it provides resources for treatment and services and a more ef-fective means of delivering Narcan, which can literally be a lifesaver, bringing overdose victims back from the brink of death. What I have heard in roundtables I have conducted around the State of Connecticut is the need for those addi-tional steps, not focusing on any one of them but a multifaceted effort, as this bill reflects. In the roundtables I have conducted, I have heard from law en-forcement professionals, first respond-ers, doctors, addiction specialists, elected officials, and many others, in-cluding recovering addicts and their families. Their stories are riveting and heartbreaking about the effects of ad-diction, beginning with powerful pre-scription painkillers for routine sur-gery, broken ankles or wrists, and wis-dom teeth that have been removed. There was overprescription of 20 pills, 30 pills, when 2 pills or 3 pills would have been sufficient, and those pills are the gateway to more serious addiction or they find their way onto the street where they fuel the addiction of others and lead to addiction to heroin, which often is cheaper than the prescription pills. Those stories I have heard from around our State, stories from people struggling with addiction or who have lost a loved one to this disease, add to the public record that exists. That record includes a story that appeared within the past week or so in the New London Day. It talks about two child-hood friends, Nat and Joe. Both of them struggled with heroin addiction, but they are now in recovery. Between them, they have lost several friends, a former girlfriend, and a stepbrother to overdoses, and each has a sibling who has also become an addict. Nat is now 27 and the father of two. He said: 
I started taking pills when I was 19 or 20 and was stressed out when I was going through a custody battle over my son. Some-body said to try one, and then I was taking them a couple of times a week and then every day I was buying off the street. It was out of control. It got so that I couldn’t work without drugs. 
The same happened to Nat’s friend Joe with Percocet. He described how he took a few pills, liked the feeling, and rapidly began to take drugs with other friends, including OxyContin and her-oin. Another article in the Waterbury Re-publican American told the story of Thomas Obst, who was prescribed OxyContin for an eye injury. When he later suffered from withdrawal symp-toms, he turned to heroin to keep him-self from suffering. He explained: 
You never know what a street drug is mixed with, but it’s less expensive . . . some-one mentioned heroin. I thought I could con-trol it. 
Thomas eventually overdosed, but his life was saved by a brave State Trooper named Josh Sawyer, who was able to administer naloxone. This drug can be a lifesaver if it is available to police—as it was in this instance—and first responders and firefighters. Unfor-tunately, its price has skyrocketed, and it is increasingly in short supply. These stories from Connecticut are hardly unique. Our colleagues know they are happening in their commu-nities. They know overdose deaths are skyrocketing, that addiction is in-creasing, and that the toll taken on their States and our communities is absolutely horrendous. During our roundtable in Bridgeport last Friday, a manager of the Bridge-port Recovery Community Center ex-plained the obstacles that people af-flicted with addiction face in trying to obtain treatment this way: Insurers will dictate what they will and will not pay for. You have to continually prove that this person is allowed to stay. You must make daily phone calls to plead your case. 
When treatment is made available, there should be no wrong door; there should be no harassing need to dem-onstrate the problem and the need for treatment. We need more availability of insurance and increasing recognition that addiction is not a stigma, it is an affliction, a disease, every bit as much so as any other disease. And supplies of the drugs that can help treat that ad-diction—SUBOXONE, for example— have to be made available. The legislation before us would pro-vide more treatment, more beds, but it is only a down payment, only a begin-ning. There is truly a need for recogni-tion that we face a public health hurri-cane and that this crisis, a spreading epidemic, will only become worse if we fail to provide more assistance. This bill strengthens State programs like Connecticut’s that are already in place, including State prescription drug monitoring programs as well as training for law enforcement and emer-gency responders in the use of Narcan. It provides important recovery support services for those struggling with ad-diction, and it would strengthen exist-ing Federal programs, such as the DEA’s drug take-back program. The bill also provides more support for substance abuse treatment services for incarcerated individuals. We know a lot of people in prison today are there because of their addiction. If they are to emerge successfully from incarcer-ation, they need that support and as-sistance to break the grip of addiction. As important as this bill is, I agree with many of my colleagues—and they have spoken on the floor—that it is far less effective than it could be without the $600 million supplemental appro-priations that I have advocated and fought to pass. I am disappointed the amendment of Senator S
HAHEEN , which I spearheaded and cosponsored, was not included in this measure, and I look forward to continuing to fight for the resources necessary to make this fight real. I want to thank all of my colleagues, including Senator WHITEHOUSE and others, for incorporating a bipartisan provision I wrote with Senator C
OATS  called the Expanding Access to Pre-scription Drug Monitoring Programs Act. This provision will allow nurse practitioners and physician assistants to access the information they need. Specifically, they would be able to ac-cess State prescription drug moni-toring programs to consult a patient’s prescription opioid history and thereby determine if a patient has a history of addiction or receiving multiple pre-scriptions from multiple sources. I know from my decade and a half of work in this area how doctor shopping and other abuses can in fact exacerbate this problem of addiction and prescrip-tion drug abuse. Although nurse practi-tioners and physician assistants wrote over 7 million opioid prescriptions in 2013, few States permit them to consult and submit prescribing data to these important State databases. Allowing these providers to access more infor-mation about patient history enables them to address potential addiction be-fore—and I stress ‘‘before’’—it becomes a serious problem. I hope this body will adopt a number of other amendments that I have pro-posed, including the one Senator M
AR-
KEY and I have spearheaded, amend-ment No. 3382, prescriber education. Prescriber education is crucial. In a roundtable I held at the Yale medical school, a number of the docs told me that now—only recently—are there sufficient education and training and specific courses devoted to pain management and prescription dis-cipline. Many doctors now lack that education, and our amendment would require that training as a condition for continued—Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent for a few more minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. It would provide as a condition that this training be conducted before any doctor receives a renewal of his or her license by the Drug Enforcement Administration. To help our veterans, an amendment that I have offered, No. 3438, would eliminate naloxone copays for our vet-erans. As ranking member of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, I have seen how the opioid epidemic has affected our veterans. It is truly devastating. Safe prescribing of opioids is vital be-cause many veterans, especially those returning from combat, have serious pain issues that must be addressed, but they must be addressed safely, with care and caution about the dangers of addiction. I appreciate our dedication to ad-dressing this problem. I hope that it will be bipartisan and that our ap-proval this week will match the ur-gency of this problem in communities around the State of Connecticut and around this country. The solution to this problem is long overdue for action, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.007 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1328 March 8, 2016 
and I look forward to this next step— only one of many that have to be taken—in aiding our law enforcers, our health care providers, our public offi-cials, such as our representatives today on the Hill, in moving forward and ad-dressing this problem. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2015 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 524, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the na-tional epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
Pending: 
Grassley amendment No. 3378, in the na-ture of a substitute. Grassley (for Donnelly/Capito) modified amendment No. 3374 (to amendment No. 3378), to provide follow-up services to indi-viduals who have received opioid overdose reversal drugs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Re-publican whip. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as the entire country knows, it was about 1 month ago that we lost Justice Antonin Scalia. Our country is still dealing with the loss of this man, whose contribution to our highest Court and the health of our Constitu-tion cannot be overstated. Justice Scalia understood the actual words in the Constitution were impor-tant. He famously said that if the American people realized what the Su-preme Court did on occasion, which was to substitute their value judg-ments instead of interpreting the Con-stitution and laws—rather to sub-stitute their value judgments for those of the people and their elected rep-resentatives—they might well feel their values were superior and pref-erable to those of an unelected life- tenured member of the United States Supreme Court. That is an important reminder. Justice Scalia was known for ex-pressing himself very colorfully and clearly, and he clearly was no fan of making it up as you go along, which, unfortunately, can happen when the Supreme Court chooses to substitute their values for those of the American people rather than interpret the law and the Constitution. Justice Scalia was also a key figure when it came to making sure the Court policed the check of Executive power on legislative power. In other words, he believed in the separation of powers and checks and balances. I don’t think it is an exaggeration to say that Jus-tice Scalia helped resuscitate our con-stitutional principles and inspired the next generation of lawyers and legal scholars and judges to care deeply about our Constitution as originally written. Because of Justice Scalia, our Republic is stronger. Mr. President, I have listened to and read about comments made by our friends across the aisle who are ques-tioning our intention to allow the American people to help choose who the next Justice on the Supreme Court is going to be by selecting the next President who will make that appoint-ment. It is abundantly clear that the Constitution gives the President the authority to make a nomination, but it is just as clear that the Constitution gives the U.S. Senate the authority to determine how or whether to move for-ward with any nominee proposed by President Obama. There is ample precedent to support the decision made by Senate Republicans to withhold consent on the President’s nominee and to allow the American people’s voices to be heard. That is not to say it will not be a Democratic President making that ap-pointment or it could be a Republican President. We don’t know at this early stage in the Presidential election. But we do know it would be improper to allow a lameduck President to forever change the balance on the Supreme Court for perhaps the next 30 years as he is heading out the door. There is a lot of precedent for what we have decided to do. Not since 1932 has the Senate, in a Presidential elec-tion year, confirmed a Supreme Court nominee to a vacancy arising in that same year—1932. One would have to go back even further—to 1888—to find an election-year nominee who was nomi-nated and confirmed under a divided government, as we have today. So what Senate Democrats are actually insist-ing on, and the President is insisting on, is that we do something we haven’t done for 130 years. Of course, the position being taken by Senate Republicans is not a new idea either. As a matter of fact, the Democratic leader in 2005 said this—of course, this was when President George W. Bush was President. Senator R
EID said: 
The duties of the Senate are set forth in the U.S. Constitution. Nowhere in that docu-ment does it say the Senate has a duty to give presidential appointees a vote. 
Senator R EIDwas entirely correct. That is what the Constitution says. As I mentioned earlier, the President can nominate anybody he wants, but the Constitution does not say the Senate is obligated to give a vote to that nomi-nee. I would note that I read some of the remarks of the Democratic leader this morning, and I just want to say he was apparently critical of a story written that included my name and the word ‘‘pinata’’ included in the story, sug-gesting this was somehow a threat. I would be surprised if any person who actually aspired to be on the U.S. Supreme Court—a current judge or a legal scholar or lawyer—would allow themselves to be used by this adminis-tration in making a nomination to the Supreme Court for a seat that will not be filled during the remainder of Presi-dent Obama’s term, knowing they will not be confirmed. And even if a mem-ber of the same political party as the President is elected President next year, there is no guarantee that same person will be renominated. So I lik-ened the nomination process and con-firmation process to a pinata, which is only to say the confirmation process around here has gotten pretty tough. But I am not going to be preached to by the Democratic leader, by the Democrats who have been responsible for filibustering judges, creating a new verb in the English language— ‘‘Borked’’—when they blocked Robert Bork’s appointment to the U.S. Su-preme Court, when the Democratic leader invokes the nuclear option, breaking the Senate rules for the sole purpose of packing the DC Circuit Court of Appeals with like-minded judges so that the President wouldn’t have to worry about judges who might question overreaching his authority under the Constitution by issuing Ex-ecutive orders or otherwise circum-venting the role of Congress. This is a playbook that has been written by the Democratic leader and our colleagues across the aisle. Do they expect us to operate under a different set of rules than they themselves advocated for? Here is what Senator REID’s suc-cessor in the Democratic caucus said in 2007. This was 18 months before Presi-dent George W. Bush left office. Sen-ator S
CHUMER , the Senator for New York, said: ‘‘For the rest of this Presi-dent’s term [18 months] we should re-verse the presumption of confirma-tion.’’ I don’t really know what he is talk-ing about. There never was a presump-tion of confirmation. But I guess he is assuming the deference some people show when a President does nominate a Supreme Court Justice. We haven’t seen much of that deference lately, I might add. But this is what Senator S
CHUMER goes on to say: I will ‘‘rec-ommend to my colleagues that we should not confirm a Supreme Court nominee except in extraordinary cir-cumstances.’’ Essentially, what Senator S
CHUMER  was saying is that 18 months before President George W. Bush left office, if there were a vacancy created, they would presume not to confirm that nominee. Of course, we know that back in 1992 when he was chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Vice President B
IDEN said: ‘‘The Senate Judiciary Committee should seriously consider not scheduling confirmation hearings on the nomination until after the polit-ical campaign season is over.’’ That is what Vice President J
OEBIDEN said in 1992. I see the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee here on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.008 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1329 March 8, 2016 
floor, and I want to tell him how much I appreciate his steadfastness in sup-porting the decision we have made col-lectively to allow the voters in Novem-ber, who choose the next President, a voice in who is actually nominated to fill this important vacancy. I wasn’t in the room when Chairman G
RASSLEY and Majority Leader M CCON-
NELL were there with the Vice Presi-dent and the President; Senator L
EAHY , the ranking member; and H
ARRY REID, the Democratic leader, but I have heard that the question came up: How can you do this? How can you not allow President Obama to fill this vacancy? I heard that it was pointed out to the President, to the Vice President, to the ranking member, and to the Demo-cratic leader that they were the ones who filibustered judicial nominees by a Republican President. They are the ones who created this environment in which what used to be fairly routine confirmation hearings have become so polarized. Again, I believe it would be foolish of us to say, ‘‘Well, these are the policies the Democrats, when they are in the majority, will employ when there is a Republican President’’ but somehow to act aghast or surprised when we say, ‘‘Well, if the rules are going to apply to you like this, then they ought to apply when Republicans are in the majority and we have a Democratic President.’’ At the end of a lameduck Democratic President’s time in the White House, all three of these individuals—the Vice President; the Democratic leader, Sen-ator R
EID; the heir apparent to the Democratic leadership, Senator S
CHU-
MER—all three of them are quick to criticize Republicans on the Judiciary Committee, insisting that different principles ought to apply. But that is hypocritical. It is the height of hypoc-risy to say: Well, one set of rules ap-plies to us and a different set of rules applies to you. This is more than just about hypoc-risy; this is really about an important principle. It is important to allow the voters, in choosing the next President of the United States, to make that de-cision and make sure their voice is heard rather than just 100 Members of the Senate. I don’t know why that should be objectionable. So it is pretty clear to me—it is abso-lutely clear to me that Senate Repub-licans stand firmly behind the idea that the people should have a say in this critical issue when they vote in November because there is a lot at stake here—a lot. Depending on who ultimately fills this vacancy next year, the next Supreme Court Justice could tip the ideological direction of the Court for a generation—Justice Scalia served for 30 years—and thus fun-damentally reshape American society in the process. Given President Obama’s previous Supreme Court nominees, the question before the American people is whether they want someone with the same or similar ideology to dramatically change the current balance on the Su-preme Court, because if President Obama were allowed to nominate someone who is confirmed in the same mold as those he has already nomi-nated and who have been confirmed, it would for a generation change the ideo-logical balance of the U.S. Supreme Court. You have to wonder whether the real goal—much like it was when the nu-clear option was invoked and we saw nominees to the District of Columbia Court of appeals, which some people call the second most important court in the Nation—when there was literally a packing of nominees on that court because they wanted to tip the ideolog-ical balance of the DC Court of Appeals because most of the important legal decisions made which ultimately go to the U.S. Supreme Court go through that court. I have no doubt in my mind that the President and his allies wanted some-body who is going to rubberstamp the President’s actions. This Court with Justice Scalia I think has rebuked the President on numerous occasions when he overreached his authority—for ex-ample, on recess appointments. We have seen an injunction granted by a district court in Brownsville, TX, upheld by the Fifth Court of Circuit Appeals, on the President’s Executive action on immigration. The Court has often—led by Justice Scalia—stood strong against attempts by the Presi-dent to grab power for the executive branch away from Congress and, more importantly, from the American peo-ple. So at this critical juncture in our Na-tion’s history, the American people should have a voice in deciding who se-lects the next Justice on the Supreme Court. I and my colleagues are abso-lutely committed to making sure they have that voice. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I am on the floor today to speak on the same subject, but before I do, I want to very briefly discuss two other subjects. 
REMEMBERING DYLAN HOCKLEY  
First, Mr. President, I noticed online today that today would be Dylan Hockley’s 10th birthday. Dylan Hockley was one of the 20 first graders who were gunned down in a flurry of bullets at Sandy Hook Elementary School in 2012. Dylan’s mother Nicole has become a crusader for this body to do something, anything in the wake of that tragedy to lessen the possibility that it might visit another community. Dylan was an amazing little kid, struggling with a fairly severe learning disability but loving every day that he went to school under the care of a great special education professional who died that day as well with Dylan in that classroom. Dylan would have been 10 years old today. In the 3 years since his death, we have done nothing, absolutely noth-ing to honor his memory. MENTAL HEALTH LEGISLATION AND THE TREAT  
ACT 
Second, Mr. President, I want to note that we are moving forward in the HELP Committee on a very important markup next week on a mental health bill Senator C
ASSIDY and I have been working on for over a year, and we hope that will eventually find its way to the floor of the Senate and in some measure be a very partial answer but an answer nonetheless to this epidemic of gun violence. We hope we will be able to have that debate this year. I also note that we have a bill in the HELP Committee that I think is a very important complement to the discus-sion we are having now on the opioid crisis all across the country. As my colleagues know, there is a limit on the number of patients to whom providers can prescribe Buprenorphine, which is really the most effective, least addict-ive of the heroin substitutes. As a phy-sician, you can only prescribe this drug to 100 clients. If you are a physician as-sistant or a nurse practitioner, you are not allowed to prescribe. In Con-necticut, that is the biggest obstacle we have—we don’t have enough physi-cians who can prescribe this very effec-tive drug. The TREAT Act, which is a bipar-tisan bill, removes that cap for physi-cians and allows nurses with higher levels of training and PAs to prescribe that drug as well. I hope the HELP Committee will take up this bill as part of our markup next week. If it were up to me, we would include it as part of our mental health initiative and move it to the floor en bloc. The CARA bill is very important this week, but let’s be honest: There is no money in it, so there are a bunch of new pro-grams but no new resources for us in Connecticut to try to take on this fight. If we were to pass the TREAT Act next week in the HELP Committee and move it to the floor, that would be real, tangible relief for communities in Connecticut. It would mean that more addicts coming out of detox would have access to true elements of recovery—in particular, this very effective drug. I am hopeful that the HELP Com-mittee will move on this bill next week and that we can bring it to the floor perhaps as part of this broader mental health package. In one fell swoop, we could have a partial answer to the epi-demic of gun violence that plagues this country and a passage of the TREAT Act or a version of it that by itself might actually be more substantive than anything in the piece of legisla-tion that is before us today. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. President, I do want to spend a few moments talking about this crisis that is gripping the U.S. Senate with respect to a vacancy that looks to re-main for the next year on the Supreme Court. I have only been in the Senate for 3 years. This is my first term. I can’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.010 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1330 March 8, 2016 
claim to hold any special status as a guardian of this institution, which has stood the test of time for over 200 years, but I am a student of history, and I did choose to run to be a Member of this body because of the enormous respect I have for it and its unique role in the unique system of U.S. Federal governance. That is why I do believe we are at a moment of crisis right now in which the Republican majority is blocking President Obama’s constitu-tional responsibility to name a Su-preme Court nominee, a ninth Justice. I think this is a watershed moment for the U.S. Senate. I say that with a connection to a State that has had a particularly important role in the cre-ation of this body. Right outside this Chamber, there is a relatively new painting above the door leading into the Reception Room of Oliver Ells-worth and Roger Sherman, who were delegates to the Constitutional Con-vention. They were the authors of what is referred to today as the Connecticut Compromise. Roger Sherman was the primary author of it; it is sometimes called Sherman’s Compromise. This was the compromise that established the U.S. Senate, established the premise that this body would be made up of two Members from each State and that because of its 6-year term would be much more immune to the po-litical tempest of the moment that often grips the Chamber down the road, that we would have a unique ability to rise above the partisan fray and make decisions that are in the best long-term interests of this country. Frankly, those have been the best traditions of this body going back to the fifties and sixties when this Senate led the fight to expand civil rights laws or just 2 years ago when we were able to come together and pass an immigra-tion reform bill, with the Presiding Of-ficer’s leadership, that I think will set the platform for resolving that issue in a commonsense way down the road. But the crisis that is gripping this place today, I fear, has no end because of the new rule that is being estab-lished. I just heard Senator C
ORNYN  talk about the illegitimacy of a lame-duck President making a nomination to the Supreme Court. Once something like that is established, it will be dif-ficult to unravel. If you accept that argument, then this Senate will never again act on the nomination of a President in his second term. I suppose a second-term Presi-dent will be perceived by his lameduck status to be illegitimate for the pur-poses of nominating Justices to the Su-preme Court, and by that argument, likely illegitimate for the purposes of nominating anyone to the Court be-cause he is a lameduck, and thus the people need to have their say in the next election. That is a radical transformation of the U.S. Constitution, and it sets up perpetual crises in which there could be long stretches of time equaling 4 years where we will have eight, seven or six Justices. Just simply accepting the assistant leader at his word, we would be estab-lishing a new precedent in which the Supreme Court would have less than nine individuals for enormous stretches of time. But I think this is about some-thing more. This is about an unwilling-ness to allow this President, a Demo-cratic President, to replace a Justice on the Supreme Court while Repub-licans are in charge. They say it is be-cause it is the last year of his term—or perhaps the last 4 years of his term. But if this is simply about a Demo-cratic President replacing a Justice on the Supreme Court who tended to be more conservative, then that precedent has no end either. I think Republicans are naive to believe that Democrats wouldn’t avail themselves of the same precedent at some point in the future and hold up nominees being offered by Republican Presidents. That is cer-tainly not our hope nor is it the stated intention of anyone on this side of the aisle. But once you cross that Rubicon, I think it would be very hard to come back. All of a sudden we will have en-tered an era in which no Senate will want to take up the nomination of a President of the opposite party. Senator CORNYN talked about how there is very little precedent for this. Well, there is very little precedent be-cause there are very few instances over the course of the last 100 years in which there has been a vacancy created in an election year. It is not because there is a history of past Senates blocking the replacement of a Supreme Court Justice when a vacancy occurs in an election year. It is because the very scenario we are faced with today has not happened. In fact, over the course of the last 100 years, the only time in which the Senate has not acted on a vacancy created in an election year was, A, very late in an election year and, B, with respect to the elevation to the position of Chief Justice. The re-ality is that in the last 100 years the Senate has taken action on every pend-ing Supreme Court nominee to fill a vacancy, regardless of whether the nomination was made in a Presidential election year. Over the course of our Nation’s his-tory, there have been 17 Justices con-firmed in a Presidential election year. Not since the Civil War has it ever taken more than a year to confirm a nominee for a Supreme Court vacancy. The average, of course—we heard it over and over—has been 67 days from nomination to the final Senate vote. But what Senate Republicans are proposing is that this President—with over 300 days left in his term—will not even get the courtesy of a vote in the Judiciary Committee, never mind a vote on the Senate floor. They contend that this nominee will be rejected sight unseen, which is why we think all America is saying to Senate Repub-licans: Just do your job. Go through the hearing process, meet with the nominee, and bring that nominee to a vote on the Senate floor. There were lots of Democratic Sen-ators who opposed Clarence Thomas when he was nominated, but that didn’t stop them from allowing a vote on the Senate floor. You can oppose this nominee once you take a look at their credentials and assess their suit-ability for the Court, but do your job and show the respect for the institu-tion of the Presidency such that his choice will at least get a fair hearing in the Judiciary Committee and on the floor of the Senate. I hope that for my sons’ sake the ef-fect of our actions over the next year doesn’t effectively rewrite the Con-stitution and that pages don’t need to be added to their textbooks in order to place caveats on the obligations of the President and the responsibilities of this body. I hope we don’t all of a sud-den create a new rule in which you only get a vacancy filled if the Senate and the Presidency happen to be of the same party or you only get a vacancy filled, as Senator CORNYN would sug-gest, when you have a nomination in the first 4 years of your potential 8- year tenure. Lastly, what I worry about most greatly is the effect of this decision giving credence to the belief among some that this President is illegit-imate. I don’t think that is held by Members of this body, but I do know there are many in this country who don’t recognize the legitimacy of this President, and the way in which we treat this office often gives purchase to those arguments. There is a standard of review that we have created for dip-lomatic agreements that we never held previous Presidents to. There is a furor over the Executive actions taken by this President even though previous Presidents have taken similar Execu-tive actions—such as with the issue of immigration—and have taken far more Executive actions than this President has. I worry that, by disrespecting the institution and not even allowing for meetings to be held between this nomi-nee and Members of the Republican majority, we feed this belief that this particular President doesn’t share the legitimacy of previous Presidents. For all of those reasons, I hope we can just make a commitment to do our jobs and begin the process of consid-ering the Supreme Court nominee once the President makes this nomination. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the prescription drug crisis. Every day someone in our Nation dies—a son, daughter, a par-ent—from a drug overdose. Most overdoses are from prescription drugs, such as opioid painkillers. Too often drugs that were intended to bring com-fort end up bringing tragedy. Oxycodone, hydrocodone, OxyContin— we have an epidemic of these prescrip-tion drugs and the abuse of them. These drugs wreck lives, wreck fami-lies, and wreck entire communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.011 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1331 March 8, 2016 
In my home State of New Mexico, we know this all too well. We have the sec-ond highest rate of drug overdose deaths. We are in a crisis, and it is get-ting worse. More New Mexicans are dying from drug overdoses than ever before. It touches home and it hits hard. One of those we lost was a young man named Cameron Weiss. According to the Albuquerque Journal, Cameron was 18 years old, an athlete, a poet, and then became addicted to painkillers for the treatment of sports injuries. That led, as it often does, to heroin. Within 2 years this promising young man with his whole life ahead of him was dead from a heroin overdose. His mom, Jennifer Weiss, took her grief and put it to work to help others. After Cameron’s death, she founded a group called Healing Addiction in Our Community so she could help other young people struggling with addic-tion. She told the Albuquerque Journal the following: 
Something tragic has to happen before change happens. Unfortunately, when it comes to heroin, that tragedy happens all the time. 
Most of us know young people like Cameron. A similar story of another young life that was lost to a heroin overdose was shared with me last week. This young man’s father who visited my office is a medical professional in New Mexico. With all of the resources and knowledge available to him, he was still not able to prevent his son’s tragic death last year at the age of 22. One of my own staff members who was raised in Albuquerque lost four of his friends at Cibola High School. All four turned to heroin after abusing pre-scription drugs. One was his best friend, Michael, whose life was cut short at 30 years old. We see this pattern time and again. A person becomes addicted to painkillers and then turns to another prescription or to heroin, which is cheaper and easi-er to get. It is a lethal combination and a downward spiral. We have all heard the numbers, and they are chilling. Opioid-related deaths quadrupled nationally from 2002 to 2013. In 2014, nearly 30,000 Americans died from prescription opioid and her-oin overdose. More Americans die each year from drug overdoses than from car crashes. Addiction knows no bound-aries of race, gender or background, but our Hispanic and tribal commu-nities in places such as Rio Arriba County, NM, are ground zero. Year after year, Rio Arriba County has the highest rate of overdoses in the Nation, more than five times the national aver-age. Just a few weeks ago KOB–TV re-ported on the toll that this has taken, generation after generation casting a long shadow over the beautiful Espanola Valley. A young man named Rufus Billy said: ‘‘Growing up here, they’d say this was the heroin capital of the world.’’ For many, prescription painkillers come first and heroin comes later. Ac-cording to KOB, prevention groups re-port that 2 million opioid prescriptions were filled in New Mexico in 2014, dou-ble the number from 10 years ago. The abuse is so severe, according to Rio Arriba County Sheriff James Lujan, that ‘‘6 and 7-year-olds are talk-ing about grandma and grandpa being addicts. . . . It’s like a never-ending cycle.’’ New Mexico is on the ropes and so many other States are as well. I lis-tened to my colleagues from both sides of the aisle. The stories are heart-breaking, and, sadly, we are losing the fight. This is not just about numbers. It is about families and communities torn apart. Too often it is a story of those looking for help and not finding it. We can change that, but it will take more than words, more than handwringing. It will take a real commitment, and, let’s be clear, real money. Rehab saves lives—not always, and that is a tragedy all its own for some families. But treatment certainly can’t help when you can’t get it. People are desperate and trying to get treatment and help. We see this every day, espe-cially in rural States like New Mexico. That is why we need to pass the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, because this isn’t just about ad-diction. It is about recovery and giving hope to those who feel hopeless. I am proud to cosponsor this bill, and I thank Senators W
HITEHOUSE and S HA-
HEEN for their leadership. CARA will help States and local communities fight this battle for prevention, edu-cation, treatment, and law enforce-ment efforts. CARA is a step forward, and we urgently need to move forward. We can’t keep falling behind. In Spanish, C-A-R-A, ‘‘cara,’’ means face. We should remember the faces and remember our loved ones. These are not just statistics. That is why I have also introduced legislation to im-prove monitoring of prescriptions and to have a better referral for addicts to treatment services. It also directs the FDA to review naloxone, which is an important lifesaving medication for over-the-counter use. There is no doubt we have a crisis. We can’t just say what works. We need to pay for what works. Our commit-ment has to be equal to the challenge, so I am quite disappointed that last week we did not adopt a key amend-ment for additional emergency fund-ing. Let us step up to the plate and get this done. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, a couple of weeks ago, a small agency in New York State took a very big step that I think is very dangerous. The State Board of Regents said it will start giving some illegal immigrants a license to practice medicine in the State of New York. This is a State agency that grants certificates and li-censes for more than 50 different pro-fessions. You need this board’s permis-sion if you want to be a nurse in New York, a pharmacist, a dentist or a doc-tor. I think it is a terrible idea to grant licenses to illegal immigrants because doctors, dentists, and others are en-trusted to prescribe powerful medica-tions. That is the point of the bill we are on right now. These include these very opioid painkillers we have been talking about for the past few weeks. Right now the Senate is debating what we can do to help communities and families who are struggling with abuse of these drugs. I think a big part of the problem is that these powerful medications are just too widely avail-able. I can tell you that, as somebody who practiced medicine in Wyoming for 25 years, I worry that there are phy-sicians and dentists who may be too free in prescribing opioids, very addict-ive medicines. There are pharmacists who maybe haven’t been as careful as they could be about making sure the drugs are used appropriately by the people who come to pick up prescriptions, and fam-ilies across the country have been hurt by this abuse of these opioids, includ-ing many in New York State itself. Senator G
ILLIBRAND came to the floor last week to talk about it. She talked about the problem of opioids being overprescribed in New York. So then the question is: Why is New York State so eager to allow these drugs to be prescribed and dispensed by people who we know have already bro-ken the law? The legislation we are de-bating today tries to reduce the flow of opioids, to reduce the ways that they might be prescribed improperly. It in-cludes language that would help States monitor and track prescriptions. That is a very important part of this legisla-tion which I support. Senator M
ARKEY of Massachusetts has actually offered an amendment that would do even more. It would tighten the process for registering peo-ple to dispense powerful drugs like these opioids. Under the rules today, the Drug Enforcement Administration registers doctors before it allows them to write these prescriptions. Senator M
ARKEY ’s amendment says that before anyone could even get this registra-tion, they would have to complete ad-ditional training. We all want to make sure people who have been handing out these medica-tions can be trusted to do it respon-sibly. We all should have to be very careful about giving a prescription pad to someone who, by history and maybe even their identity, may be unclear. So I am submitting an amendment to this Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act that will help us do this. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.013 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1332 March 8, 2016 
amendment actually takes the same approach as Senator M
ARKEY ’s does. It adds a simple requirement, a require-ment that before the Drug Enforce-ment Administration can register someone to prescribe or dispense these powerful addictive medications, that this applicant must be able to prove that they are either a U.S. citizen or a legal resident. That is it. There is actually a Federal law al-ready on the books that requires this. It was signed into law and passed by Congress and signed by Bill Clinton in 1996, but there was a loophole in the law that allowed States—like what New York is doing—States to come around later and exempt illegal immi-grants from the requirement in their State. New York is doing that right now through its board. It is not the State legislature that is doing it in New York. It is not the citizens of New York who are doing it. They are not the ones saying they are willing to take a chance and loosen the standards of those who can prescribe these powerful, addictive medications. This is being done, and this decision is being made by a very small State agency acting on its own authority. I think this decision is much too important to be left to a small group of people in Albany, NY. I want to be clear. This is not about immigrants. This is about the threat that comes from the misuse of opioid painkillers. It is about maintaining the standards of the law. My grandfather came to this country. He did it legally like millions of others. He followed the rules. He worked hard. He continued to obey the law. We all know this is a country of immigrants, and we know America still proudly welcomes legal immigrants today. We also know that being a doctor is not like other jobs. When a patient goes to her doctor, she may literally be placing her own life in that doctor’s hands. People need to have complete confidence that their doctor is ethical, honest, and can be trusted with life- and-death decisions. How can a patient have this kind of faith in someone who broke the law and is in the country il-legally at this time? This action by the New York Board of Regents could seri-ously undermine the doctor-patient re-lationship and the trust that needs to be there. Doctors are held to the highest pos-sible standards. They need to be out-standing members of their community. In the State of New York, a doctor can actually lose their license if convicted of a crime. What is it being in the country illegally? Why would we then give a license to someone who already knows they have committed a crime by being in the country illegally? It makes no sense. As a doctor, I will tell you these opioid medications are very powerful. They can be abused, and they have been abused, especially if they fall into the hands of someone who is not up to the highest moral professional and legal standards who is writing the pre-scription in the first place. We in Congress have a responsibility to make sure such dangerous medica-tions can be given out only by people who meet the standards. I think it would set a terrible precedent if we allow people who are in this country il-legally to begin prescribing these high-ly addictive drugs, but that is what New York wants to do. I don’t think we can allow someone who has broken the law to serve as the gatekeeper for those potentially dangerous medica-tions. We owe every American the peace of mind that the doctor treating their sick child is who that doctor claims to be and that their doctor is in the country legally. The New York Board of Regents is ig-noring, absolutely ignoring, this im-portant public health and public safety concern. If New York will not act to protect its people, then Congress must. Thank you. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:30 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2015—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today the Senate continues to work on legis-lation that addresses the heroin epi-demic affecting our communities all over the country. Every State rep-resented by a Senator in this Chamber is affected by it. I am pleased to see that yesterday we had a strong vote on an important step forward to consider more amendments, with the hope we will consider them today or tomorrow and then have a vote on this legislation before the end of the week and send it over to the House of Representatives, where there is similar legislation, a companion bill that has already been drafted and is also bipartisan. I thank SHELDON WHITEHOUSE , who is on the floor now, my coauthor, and also Senators A
MYKLOBUCHAR , KELLY  A
YOTTE , and the 42 other bipartisan co-authors of our legislation. This is bi-partisan, but it is also comprehensive and evidence based. It is not just sup-ported by a lot of Senators, but it is also supported by a lot of groups. That is very important. Over the past few years, Senator W
HITEHOUSE and I have worked with groups around the country and in our own States to come up with the right answers; in other words, evidence-based solutions to prevention and education to help people not make the mistake and get into the funnel of addiction but also, once those people are addicted, to help them more with better treatment, better recovery, and to ensure we are treating addiction like a disease, which it is. We are also helping law enforce-ment and helping to keep prescription drugs off the bathroom shelves and helping to monitor people’s prescrip-tion drug use because a lot of this comes from the overprescribing of pre-scription drugs for pain medication. I am pleased to see we are making progress, and I want to talk about one specific issue that is included in the legislation but which we have yet to talk about, at least at length on the floor. Over the last few years, we have had five forums in Washington, DC, to talk about issues related to addiction. Some have been with regard to the science of addiction, some about our youth, some about prevention, and some about bet-ter treatment options, but we had one that was particularly interesting, I thought. It was about a very special issue; that is, how to treat substance abuse impacting our veterans and serv-icemembers and how to prevent our veterans and servicemembers from be-coming subject to this addiction. In the legislation we are considering on the floor, we focus on this issue. This came out of the expert testimony we had and the work that has been done around the country on this issue. CARA allows veterans who were dis-charged for a substance abuse disorder to use drug courts as they recover. Too often our men and women come home from serving our country with untreated trauma and PTSD, which often manifests itself in an addiction. We know from the research that has been done that more than 20 percent of veterans with PTSD also suffer from an addiction or dependence on drugs like heroin or a dependence on alcohol. So post-traumatic stress disorder is re-lated very much to this addiction issue. A few weeks ago, I was in Columbus, OH, and met with our veterans court there. We had a roundtable discussion with some of the veterans who had been through it. It was actually a very inspiring experience hearing from vet-erans, many of whom had been serving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.014 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1333 March 8, 2016 
our military in combat roles and had come home, gotten into some trouble. They were in and out of the court sys-tem, and then they found these vet-erans courts. These courts actually helped divert these veterans from pris-on, into treatment, and then into a support network with other veterans. For veterans suffering from post- traumatic stress disorder, going to jail can be a major hurdle in their recov-ery. Yet for many who turn to drugs and alcohol in an attempt to self-medi-cate, that is exactly where they end up. Ryan is a combat veteran. He served in Iraq. He had a distinguished career. He got home and found himself in a sit-uation where he had trouble read-justing to life back at home outside of the military. He got into some trouble and ended up in jail. That didn’t work for him. His quote was this: 
You send me to jail and all you’re doing is sending me back to the jungle. All those cop-ing skills I’ve learned, they go out the win-dow. I’m the type of person that you put me in there and all hell breaks loose. 
That is Ryan. Fortunately for Ryan, he was able to participate in a veterans treatment court and get on the path to recovery. I am very proud of him today. He is a student at a major uni-versity in Ohio and about to graduate. He has his life back together and his family back together. Again, it was an inspirational story because he has taken it upon himself to focus on his addiction and get the help he needed through this veterans court. There are 17 veterans treatment courts in the State of Ohio. The pro-gram Ryan went through is a 2-year program that offers mental health and substance abuse treatment to veterans as an alternative to incarceration. These veterans also have to make reg-ular court appearances, so it is not as though they are not connected to the criminal justice system. They are. They know if they test positive for drugs, they will end up back in that system. They are subject to random drug testing. As Ryan and the other veterans I talked to told me that day in Colum-bus, OH, this combination of account-ability and support—accountability and support—was the right combina-tion for them to get back on the right track. It made a difference for them in getting their lives back together, their families back together, and to once again be contributing to their country. CARA will expand veterans treat-ment courts and will also ensure vet-erans who are discharged for substance abuse issues are also eligible to go through these programs. This is a crit-ical change that will help allow more veterans to get the help they need and again get at the root cause of their ad-diction. CARA—the legislation we are consid-ering right now—has the support, as I said, of a lot of groups—130 national stakeholders in public health, law en-forcement, criminal justice and drug policy fields, doctors, nurses, and oth-ers working in the trenches on preven-tion and treatment. It is designed to fight prescription drug opioid abuse and heroin use holistically, from ex-panding prevention to supporting re-covery. In addition to the specific provisions I discussed that help our veterans, CARA also expands prevention and educational efforts to prevent prescrip-tion opioid abuse and the use of heroin. It increases drug disposal sites to keep medications out of the hands of young people. It helps with regard to drug monitoring to know when people are being prescribed drugs, even if they cross State lines, by having an inter-state drug monitoring system. The legislation also authorizes law enforcement task forces in some of our toughest areas around the country to combat heroin and methamphetamine and expands the availability of the overdose reversal drug naloxone—real-ly a miracle drug—so that our law en-forcement agencies and other first re-sponders—our firefighters—have the training for using this drug but also have access to it. In the criminal justice system, CARA will help to promptly identify and treat individuals suffering from sub-stance abuse disorders and expand these diversion efforts and these edu-cation efforts to give these people a second chance. CARA also authorizes resources to expand treatment, including medica-tion-assisted treatment, based on the evidence that it supports what has worked around the country. So we are trying to hold up some of the best treatment programs in the country where there has been success on a very tough issue, which is taking people through this process of getting back on their feet and recovered. CARA supports those recovery pro-grams that are strictly focused on youth and building communities of re-covery, including at our colleges and universities. It also creates a national task force on recovery to improve ways to address the collateral consequences imposed by addiction. So this is a comprehensive bill that will help to reverse this tide. Again, this is something that is affecting us all. The numbers are overwhelming. In the United States of America today, there will be about 20 people who will die from overdoses. In Ohio, this hap-pens every week. About 25 people are now dying from overdoses, but that is just part of the problem. Many are not dying from the overdose. Naloxone is working in many cases, for instance. Others aren’t overdosing. Yet their lives are ruined, their families are torn apart, and the communities are bearing the brunt of it. Many more crimes are being committed. I was with a pros-ecutor in Ohio last weekend, and he told me 80 percent of the crime in his county is related now to this issue of heroin and prescription drug abuse. We need to pass this bill and get it signed into law so it can help reverse this tide, help our State and local gov-ernments and our nonprofits that are doing a great job trying to address this issue, and help individuals who are suf-fering from this addiction, which is a disease, to get the treatment they need and the recovery efforts that are need-ed to truly make a difference. This is an epidemic. It has now reached that kind of level—this kind of crisis level. I am hopeful we will again have a se-ries of amendments that can be in-cluded and voted on in the next 24 hours; that we can move forward with this legislation and get a strong vote. We can then send it over to the House with a strong message that it is time for us to do what we can to address this issue and make a difference in the lives of our constituents. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to complete these remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the Con-stitution is the primary way the Amer-ican people set rules for government. America’s Founders made sure those were also written down so that as the Supreme Court said more than two centuries ago, they may be neither mistaken nor forgotten. The U.S. Constitution is one of the shortest and currently the oldest na-tional charter in the world, but while public officials, including every Mem-ber of this body, swear an oath to sup-port and defend the Constitution, it ap-pears some are paying very little at-tention to it. One of the most popular slogans in the debate over filling the vacancy left by the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is ‘‘Do your job.’’ Never have so few words been so mis-leading for so many. Those who use this slogan insist that the Senate’s job is to conduct the confirmation process, including hearings and confirmation votes, in a certain way whenever the President makes a nomination. In other words, the Senate should be at the President’s beck and call, config-uring the confirmation process around a particular timeline that he prefers. There is some irony here, Mr. Presi-dent. A few years ago, President Obama wanted to stall certain mem-bers of the National Labor Relations Board. The Senate was unlikely to con-firm his nominee so the President by-passed the Senate altogether and made so-called recess appointments. The Su-preme Court eventually, and unani-mously, ruled those appointments were unconstitutional. Now that the President intends to send a nominee to the Senate, he feels he can dictate how the Senate evalu-ates that nominee. The President would, no doubt, be the first to say the Senate cannot tell him whom to nomi-nate but apparently feels he can insist 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.021 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1334 March 8, 2016 
on whatever Senate confirmation proc-ess that will suit his purpose. Colleagues on the other side of the aisle insist the Constitution requires timely hearings and prompt floor votes for every nominee. I don’t know what Constitution they are using because the real one says nothing of the kind. The real Constitution gives to the President the power to nominate and to the Senate the separate power of ad-vice and consent, leaving to each the judgment of how to exercise their re-spective power. Actually, I should say that my Democratic colleagues are currently insisting that the Constitution re-quires timely hearings and votes, be-cause they were singing a very dif-ferent tune only a few years ago. The minority leader, the minority whip, and the Judiciary Committee ranking member each voted dozens of times to deny any confirmation vote whatsoever for President George W. Bush’s judicial nominees—dozens of times. Were they voting to defy the Constitution then, or are they refer-ring to a made-up, fictional Constitu-tion now? When they served in this body, Vice President B
IDEN and former Secretary Hillary Clinton voted, respectively, 29 and 24 times to deny the very con-firmation votes they now say the Con-stitution itself requires. The shape- shifting Constitution they use appar-ently means whatever then suits their political objectives. A coincidence, I am sure, but a very convenient coinci-dence. The President himself, when he was a Senator, tried to deny confirmation votes to multiple nominees, including Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito. While President Obama recently said he now regrets voting to filibuster Jus-tice Alito, he did not explain why it took him 3,670 days to reach that con-clusion. Cynics might even suggest that his desire now to appoint another Supreme Court Justice may have con-tributed in some small way to this epiphany. So when Democrats in this body and their equally confused liberal allies call on the Senate to do its job, they really mean that the Senate should do what they want. I, too, want the Sen-ate to do its job, but I don’t find our job description in anyone’s political agenda. The Senate’s job is to deter-mine the best way to exercise its ad-vice and consent power in each par-ticular situation, and the Senate has done so in different ways, at different times, under different circumstances. When he was Judiciary Committee chairman in the 107th and 110th Con-gress, for example, the distinguished Senator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY , de-nied a hearing to nearly 60 judicial nominees. Yet those are the hearings he now says the Constitution requires. I don’t think he can have it both ways. On May 19, 2005, the minority leader said that nowhere in the Constitution does it say the Senate must vote on Presidential nominees. He called that notion rewriting the Constitution and reinventing history. Today, he says the opposite: that the Constitution actu-ally does require a vote. Was he wrong in 2005, or is he, in his own words, re-writing the Constitution and rein-venting history today? No, Mr. President, the Constitution does not dictate how the Senate must exercise its power of advice and con-sent; the Constitution leaves that up to us in each situation. The Senate has never allowed a term- limited President to fill a Supreme Court vacancy that opened up this late in his term. In fact, this vacancy is only the third in the last century to occur after Presidential election voting has started. In 1956 and 1968, the Senate did not confirm the nominee until after the next inauguration. As a member of the Judiciary Com-mittee for 39 years and a chairman for 8 of those years—I am now in my 40th year—I have watched the judicial con-firmation process disintegrate. Con-servatives and liberals have very dif-ferent views about the kinds of judges America needs. Several Supreme Court nominees in the last few decades have been subject to intense, confrontation-al campaigns. In addition, the current Presidential election cycle is already more hostile and divisive than in the past. These are among the cir-cumstances we face today and must consider when deciding how to exercise our power of advice and consent. It would be irresponsible to follow a proc-ess suitable for a different situation or, worse, a process designed only to produce a desirable political outcome. Combining a high-stakes confirma-tion fight with a no-holds-barred Presi-dential campaign will produce a storm that will do more harm than good. The better course would be to defer the ap-pointment process until the next Presi-dent takes office and let the people make this determination. We are not without guidance in making this deci-sion. In June 1992, then-Judiciary Com-mittee Chairman JOSEPH BIDEN argued that if a Supreme Court vacancy oc-curred in that Presidential election year, the appointment process should be deferred until the election season was over. By combining an increas-ingly divisive appointment process and a Presidential election that is already underway, he said, ‘‘partisan bickering and political posturing’’ would over-whelm the serious debate necessary to make such an important decision. He could have been talking about 2016 in-stead of 1992. This vacancy also presents the Amer-ican people with a rare opportunity to address the direction of the judiciary. The percentage of Americans con-cerned about that direction has risen steadily for years, and while voters do not appoint judges, they do elect the President who nominates and the Sen-ate that gives advice and consent. Elections, after all, have con-sequences. The 2012 election had con-sequences for the President’s power to nominate, and the 2014 election had consequences for the Senate’s power of advice and consent. With this Supreme Court vacancy on the table, the 2016 election can similarly have con-sequences for the American people’s voice on this important issue. Defer-ring the appointment process also minimizes partisanship and maximizes fairness. No one knows the party of the next President, the makeup of the next Sen-ate, or the identity of the nominee the Senate will eventually consider. Choos-ing the appropriate process for the cur-rent circumstances, rather than for partisan advantage, can prevent a nominee from being perceived as a po-litical pawn. The Constitution leaves nominations to the President and leaves advice and consent to the Senate. That division of responsibility is written down for all to see and, hopefully, for none to forget. Deferring the process for filling the Scalia vacancy until the next Presi-dent takes office and leaving it up to the American people is the best ap-proach for the Senate, the judiciary, and the country. Before I close, I have to say a word about the disgraceful attacks on my friend and colleague, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I have served with him on the Finance Committee for nearly 25 years and on the Judici-ary Committee for 35 years. I have served 40 years on the Judiciary Com-mittee but 35 of them have been served with Senator GRASSLEY . If anyone knows his own mind, it is Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY . He has served on the Judiciary Committee longer than all but four Senators in the committee’s history. No one is more dedicated to the Judiciary Committee and to the Senate than C
HUCK GRASSLEY is. Each of us is entitled to our own opinions or positions on issues that come before this body, even controver-sial ones. Each of us can feel as strong-ly as we want about those issues. But I want to categorically reject the notion that a difference of opinion means that someone such as Senator G
RASSLEY is compromising the integrity or inde-pendence of the Judiciary Committee. That comes very close to impugning his character, and that sort of attack is beneath the dignity of this body be-cause everybody in this body knows that C
HUCK GRASSLEY is a man of great character, great honesty, great service, hard work, and cares for this wonderful country. It is irritating to me to see the per-sonal attacks that have been made. I don’t think we should be personally at-tacking each other. We can find fault with each other. We can criticize each other on the issues. We can differ with each other. We can be politically dif-ferent from each other, as we are. But to personally attack somebody with the prestige of the chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee is beneath the dig-nity of this body, and it is beneath the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Mar 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.022 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1335 March 8, 2016 
dignity of the attackers. It really both-ers me. We have had wide differences of opin-ion on the Judiciary Committee. Let’s face it: It is a tough committee. It is a very partisan committee. The Demo-crats on that side in the committee are extremely partisan, and the Repub-licans on our side of the committee are extremely partisan too. That is not necessarily bad as long as people are honest and people respect the opinions of others. We can have downright bitter battles and bitter exchanges, but we don’t have to malign each other in doing that. It is a tough committee. These are tough issues the Judiciary Com-mittee handles. I know, I was chairman of this committee. I have to say it is a wonderful committee, and it is prob-ably good that it is a diverse com-mittee where you have a lot of liberal Democrats on one side and you have a lot of conservative Republicans on the other. We can bat up against each other, and sometimes we even come up with very good legislation. Most of the time, everybody on that committee is concerned about having the best judges we can possibly get. Even though there have been some pains between various members of the committee from time to time—this naturally occurs when you have people who feel very deeply about these sub-jects—there is still no excuse for ma-ligning the current chairman of this committee, C
HARLES GRASSLEY . I don’t think you are winning a de-bate when you challenge somebody as a person of the highest integrity that this body has to offer. Senator G
RASS -
LEYis one of those persons. There are others here too. I hope I am one. The fact is, C
HUCK GRASSLEY is one of the best people we have in the Senate, he is one of the most noble people in the Senate, and he is one of the most hon-est people in the Senate. He is one of the people who are more at ease around the common people in this country and in the State of Iowa than many of us in the Senate, and he is a person of dig-nity and capacity. He is also a person who doesn’t forget, and I would prefer to have people treat him with dignity so that he can forget. All I can say is that there is not a better person on the committee than C
HUCK GRASSLEY , and I call on my col-leagues on the other side to be gentle-men and to treat him with the respect he certainly deserves. The fact that they disagree with his position on the Supreme Court right now is irrelevant in some ways when it comes to charac-terizing him as somebody less than who he is. That committee is a committee of deep feelings on both sides, and thank God it is because that is what makes it a great committee. That is what makes it so people really want to be on it. We have really good debates in that com-mittee, and we have really good people on both sides, not the least of whom is C
HUCK GRASSLEY , and I want him treat-ed with dignity and respect. I want people to know that he doesn’t take po-sitions he doesn’t believe in. There are some who do in this body, but he doesn’t. I expect people in this body to show the proper decorum, to show friendship even when we have deep differences. Show respect for somebody who cer-tainly deserves it. I hope we don’t have any more of this idle chatter that can destroy any kind of rapport we have in the Senate, and that goes for both sides. Senator GRASSLEY is being ma-ligned unfairly, and I don’t like it and neither would anybody else who has any brains or any thought about what is decent and honorable. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise today to share my support for the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2015. This legislation, of course, that we have been debating for well over a week now aims to address the growing drug addiction crisis facing our coun-try by not only promoting prevention and education, but by increasing ef-forts to improve treatment and recov-ery for those who have fallen to this growing epidemic. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that from 2002 to 2013, the number of heroin-related over-dose deaths nearly quadrupled, with approximately 8,200 deaths in 2013. The CDC furthermore found that 44 people die every day due to prescription drug overdoses. The National Institute on Drug Abuse estimates that the abuse of alco-hol, illegal drugs, and tobacco costs the United States roughly $700 billion every year because of increased crimi-nal activity, loss of employment, and health care costs associated with drug use. Colorado, unfortunately, is no excep-tion to the increase in drug overdose deaths. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that drug over-dose deaths in Colorado have risen in every single county except for one over the last 12 years. The Colorado Health Institute found that Colorado’s 2014 rate of 16.3 drug-related deaths per 100,000 people exceeded the U.S. aver-age of 14.7 deaths per 100,000 people. This same study by the Colorado Health Institute found that drug over-dose deaths climbed 68 percent in Colo-rado between 2002 and 2014—a 68-per-cent increase in drug overdose deaths in 12 years. The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism found that near-ly 23 million adults in the United States have struggled with drug use. However, the National Institutes of Health found that only 10 percent of U.S. adults who need treatment are re-ceiving it. So only 2.3 million people out of the 23 million they have identi-fied with some kind of a drug use prob-lem—only 10 percent, 2.3 million out of the 23 million—are receiving some kind of treatment. So what are we going to do to move forward from here? We are on an unsustainable path when it comes to addiction and when it comes to its treatment. It is imperative that States are em-powered with the resources needed to address the unique needs of each indi-vidual State, and the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act does just that. The bill leaves behind the idea that the one-size-fits-all program out of Washington, DC, can fix everything. It encourages States to develop their own strategies because what works in Colorado may not work in New Jersey and what works in New York may not work in Texas or California. It encourages these strategies to pre-vent, treat, and reduce the growing ad-diction epidemic by, No. 1, creating an interagency task force to develop best practices for prescribing pain medica-tion and pain management. The CDC found in a National Survey on Drug Use and Health conducted from 2011 to 2013 that individuals addicted to opiate painkillers are 40 times more likely to be addicted to heroin. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that in 2012, health care providers wrote 259 million prescriptions for opioid pain relievers. That is nearly one bottle of pills for every single American—certainly every single American adult. It is absolutely imperative that best practices are established to ensure health professionals are being trained properly to identify patients who re-quire prescription pain relievers for chronic pain management and those who do not, in an effort to treat this system and to better identify. The consequences of this addiction, we have seen in our communities, are devastating to individuals and their families. It is vital that States estab-lish best practices to minimize the dev-astating effects that our communities have seen and our families have seen. No. 2, this bill expands disposal sites for unwanted prescription medications. Community pharmaceutical drug take- back programs, as they are called, allow individuals to dispose of un-wanted or expired medications in a safe and responsible way. Many households in our country don’t safely and se-curely store unused pharmaceutical medications, leaving open the door for abuse by teenagers and young adults who might find the prescription drugs, the unused or expired pharma-ceuticals—they might find them in the household. According to the CDC, the abuse of prescription drugs has become the sec-ond leading cause of death among indi-viduals between the ages of 25 to 64. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.024 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1336 March 8, 2016 
Furthermore, the abuse is strongly linked to heroin addiction. According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, four out of five new heroin users started with prescription medications. Unfortunately, the vast majority of medication take-back pro-grams in Colorado are in the Denver metro area, but we are not simply deal-ing with a metro problem. Getting un-used drugs out of the communities eliminates the potential for misuse and decreases drastically the potential for addiction. The expansion of these pro-grams is a step in the right direction to reduce the accessibility of dangerous prescription medication, especially in rural Colorado. Third, this legislation also aims to identify and to treat incarcerated indi-viduals who suffer from addiction by implementing medication-assisted treatment programs for use by crimi-nal justice agencies. Statistics show that imprisonment has a small impact on future drug use when addiction goes untreated. The National Association of Drug Court Professionals found that 95 percent of those who committed drug- related crimes returned to drug abuse after release from prison. We know that addiction is treatable, and it is important that these individuals have access to addiction and recovery serv-ices so that they don’t continue to cycle in and out of our Nation’s pris-ons. I would like to share a success story from an adult recovery program in the Denver area about a young woman who went to a treatment facility to turn her life around. I am not using her real name. Sarah was admitted to our program in Denver in September of 2015. Outside of the first week, she has been clean and sober. Sarah found a job and has received positive performance reports, and she also received a raise at the place of employment she sought out after treatment. She has begun to do additional volunteer work in her spare time as a way to give back to her com-munity that took care of her through these programs. She has reconnected with her family. Remembering every holiday since she started this program, Sarah reports that it is the first time she can remember being sober for that holiday. She reports that she is loving her life and that there is no turning back for her. This bill will create more of these success stories to help people get back on their feet, to reconnect with their families, to engage in community serv-ice, and to receive raises at work be-cause they do a good job when they make sure their addiction is broken. Fourth, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act takes a step in the right direction by strengthening pre-scription drug monitoring programs aimed to identify and treat drug-seek-ing individuals. State electronic data-bases that collect data on substances dispensed throughout the State have been incredibly effective in tracking the movement of prescription opiates throughout the country. Utilizing these programs allows States to iden-tify drug diversion, prescription drug fraud, doctor shopping, and forgery. Prescription drug monitoring programs also identify drug-seeking individuals more easily to get them into treatment facilities so they can receive the care they need, just as Sarah did in Denver. Tracking and minimizing drug diver-sion is absolutely vital, and this legis-lation takes a step in the right direc-tion to strengthen this policy. As we talk about this legislation, I think it is important that we have these stories that have been told on the Senate floor about what has happened to friends and family members, about drug overdose and opioid abuse, about heroin addiction, the fact that we had doctor shopping, and the fact that we had forgery of prescriptions or perhaps unused drugs sitting around some-body’s house without a take-back pro-gram. Improper ways to dispose of it mean that teenagers and young adults are getting their hands on it. We recog-nize in these stories that it is not just the metro area, not just our urban cen-ters that are facing these challenges. In fact, it was recently reported in the Denver Post under this headline: ‘‘Drug overdose deaths hit record levels in rural southern Colorado.’’ There is a comment from the San Luis Valley Be-havioral Health Group. The San Luis Valley is in southwestern Colorado, in the Western Slope of Colorado. ‘‘We are getting more referrals for heroin, along with prescription drug abuse,’’ said Kristina Daniel, chief op-erating officer of the San Luis Valley Behavioral Health Group. ‘‘We have a need for services in our area for sure.’’ Among Colorado counties, the most striking increase in drug deaths oc-curred in Baca County in the southeast part of the State, an agriculture com-munity bordering the Presiding Offi-cer’s home State of Oklahoma. They are talking about the death rate hav-ing quintupled in 12 years. This is a small rural community bordering both Kansas and Oklahoma in the corner of our State—a rural community that has seen its death rates quintuple in 12 years. The amount of hardship that has been placed on families and friends is unimaginable and unacceptable. With this legislation we can help work through these challenges to overcome them and to start putting an end to the tragedies that we have talked about now for this past week, because this is an epidemic in our country. Drug over-dose and heroin opioid abuse don’t dis-criminate against race, gender, or eco-nomic status. It has hit some of the most unsuspecting in our country. I am proud to join my colleagues to support this broadly bipartisan legisla-tion. I heard overwhelming support from my constituency in Colorado. Ev-eryone from local law enforcement, families, victims of addiction, recovery specialists, and mental health pro-viders have joined together to voice their support. I would like to commend my col-leagues Senators P
ORTMAN and A YOTTE  for their extensive efforts to advocate on behalf of those who do not have a voice. I am proud to join my col-leagues, and I urge the Senate to sup-port this legislation. 
HONORING CORPORAL NATE CARRIGAN  
Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life of Corporal Nate Carrigan and the work of Master Patrol Deputy Kolby Martin and Captain Mark Han-cock of the Park County Sheriff’s Of-fice. On the morning of February 24, while serving an eviction notice, the resident of the home they were serving the evic-tion notice to opened fire on the offi-cers. Master Patrol Deputy Martin and Captain Hancock suffered injuries from the exchange and Corporal Carrigan tragically lost his life. Combined, these three men had served the citizens of Park County for over 35 years. Corporal Carrigan was a pillar of the Park County community. His work led to the successful conclusion of many cases during his time with the sheriff’s office. Park County was always home for him, growing up among the green hills and blue skies of Colorado, where he took on the role of serving his com-munity. As a teenager, he was a wrestler and the catcher for the Platte Canyon High School baseball team. Twenty years later he was coaching the same base-ball team he had played on, and he was the assistant coach for the high school football team. It was the future of his community that he cared so deeply for and that he stood ready on that thin blue line to protect. Residents of this small town recog-nize the value and importance of a close-knit community. It provides a source of comfort and strength during a difficult time such as this. In this quiet mountain town, colleagues, store owners, and schoolmates are often friends and neighbors as well. They come together to lift one another up as they honor a member who has fallen in service. It is a place where those sur-rounding you naturally feel like fam-ily. The officers who were dispatched with Corporal Carrigan were not only coworkers but friends and even coaches of the very same sporting teams. This loss reminds us of the difficult and dan-gerous situations that our first re-sponders are placed into each and every day. My deepest sympathy is with those at the Park County Sheriff’s Office who not only lost a team member but a comrade as well and to Corporal Carrigan’s loved ones who are mourn-ing the loss of a friend and family member so near and dear to their hearts. We honor law enforcement, who, in the spirit of selfless sacrifice, honor their communities through their service. Their work to protect our State never finishes, their bravery never waivers, and our gratitude will never cease. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.028 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1337 March 8, 2016 
This is the second time in a week that I have come down to the floor and mourned the loss of a brave law en-forcement officer in Colorado, and I pray that we never have to do this again. Our prayers go to Corporal Carrigan’s family. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). The Senator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I wish to speak for 5 to 10 minutes about an important matter, and so I appre-ciate being recognized. Madam President, what is the pend-ing business? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate is postcloture on the substitute amendment to the CARA bill. Mr. WICKER. We will let the time run on that issue. 
ALZHEIMER ’S DISEASE  
Madam President, at this point I wish to talk about Alzheimer’s and an opportunity that we have to cure this most serious disease. We could find a cure for Alzheimer’s, Madam President and my colleagues, and we could do it through American ingenuity. No obstacle has ever been too great for American ingenuity. We have defied seemingly impossible odds in the past. We have eradicated polio from the en-tire North American Continent and from most of the globe. We have mapped the human genome. We have been to the Moon. We are going to send somebody to Mars. We can conquer Alz-heimer’s. Alzheimer’s was first discovered more than a century ago. When you think about it, we only began human flight about 100 years ago. Think of what we have done in human flight. It just boggles the imagination. We need to cure Alzheimer’s here at the beginning of the second century of this disease. We have made progress in understanding the disease. Yet we still do not know how to stop it. We don’t know how to slow it, and we certainly don’t know how to prevent it from hap-pening. Alzheimer’s continues to cause pro-found human suffering. It affects 5 mil-lion Americans who have the disease, but not only them. It takes a toll on family and friends forced to watch their loved ones slip away. I could tell you from personal experience I know what I am talking about. Last month Time magazine featured Alzheimer’s on the cover: ‘‘A radical new drug could change old age,’’ ‘‘The Longevity Issue.’’ There is an article in here entitled ‘‘Alzheimer’s from a New Angle.’’ I think we need a new angle to address Alzheimer’s in using innova-tive drug trials, as the magazine indi-cates, but also in a new angle con-cerning the use of prize competitions. I propose that Congress should look at Alzheimer’s from the angle of using the XPRIZE Foundation and using a sug-gestion that has been endorsed by a number of organizations that have thought long and hard about this. I introduced the EUREKA Act last fall as a way to reinvigorate the fight against Alzheimer’s and related demen-tias. EUREKA stands for Ensuring Use-ful Research Expenditures is Key for Alzheimer’s—EUREKA. We have found it, and we can find a cure for Alz-heimer’s. This bill could be the begin-ning of finding a cure. Finding a cure is our ultimate goal, but it will take steps to get there. My bill would create prize competitions to reward breakthroughs in Alzheimer’s research. I want to assure my col-leagues who are very interested in NIH funding that EUREKA would not be a substitute for any dollars that are going to current research funding for Alzheimer’s. That would continue, it ought to continue, and we ought to do whatever we can to expand that. EUREKA would be in addition to what we are doing at the National In-stitutes of Health. Prizes would be awarded for a number of advancements, perhaps drug treatments to early de-tection methods. The best part is there would be nothing for us to lose because with a prize competition you pay only for success. Without success, the Amer-ican taxpayer pays nothing when it comes to the EUREKA bill. I am grateful for the bipartisan sup-port that my bill has already received in the Senate. Thirty-five of our col-leagues have sponsored the bill. I be-lieve by the end of the day I will be able to announce 36. I hope even more will lend their support. Alzheimer’s is certainly not a partisan issue. It is a national issue and one of the great challenges of our time, not only from a human standpoint but from a budget standpoint. Alzheimer’s is a major spending issue. It is responsible for $226 billion a year. The estimates are that by the year 2050, those costs will be $1 trillion per year. We have a $19 trillion debt right now. Think of the additional debt that will be piled up unless we tackle this issue and get to a cure. Think of the savings. Think of the other areas we would be able to address if we didn’t spend so much of our Medicaid budget on Alzheimer’s patients, so much of our Medicare budget on Alzheimer’s pa-tients. Experts say $2 billion in research funding is needed to prevent and treat Alzheimer’s by the year 2025. This re-mains the goal of the Alzheimer’s plan, and it remains my goal, but that is a much higher number than we can af-ford at the NIH level right now. However, by fostering public-private partnerships, as the EUREKA bill would do, we could build on current re-sources in new and exciting ways. These partnerships would help unleash the power of American innovation and the power of American competition to encourage people from different back-grounds and sectors to work together in pursuit of a life-changing discovery. This could work. Prize competitions have worked in the past. When Charles Lindbergh achieved a nonstop flight be-tween New York and Paris, he won a $25,000 prize and helped inspire the aviation industry that we know today. Another example of success in this concept is the XPRIZE. The competi-tion is currently sponsored by the XPRIZE Foundation. The XPRIZE Foundation has been promoting tech-nological breakthroughs for more than two decades. In 2004 it offered $10 mil-lion for the first reusable manned spacecraft. This XPRIZE competition generated $100 million in investments by competitors. A $10 million prize gen-erated $100 million in investments by competitors. In 2011, a skimmer that accelerates the cleanup of oilspills was awarded a $1 million XPRIZE. So this can work and it will work if we give it a chance. The bottom line is that we need America’s best and brightest minds working on Alz-heimer’s right away. We need a way to reward success. Deaths from Alz-heimer’s are on the rise. Its costs al-ready exceed those for cancer and heart disease. Think about that. The costs for Alzheimer’s per year exceeds the cost for heart disease and cancer put together. So we need to put our empha-sis where the need is. I thank all of the organizations that have come together and endorsed this concept. I thank my friends at the XPRIZE Foundation. They stood with me last fall and endorsed this concept. This legislation was designed with the help of the XPRIZE Foundation, in consultation with the XPRIZE Founda-tion, and they know what they are talking about. I thank the foundation for doing that. I also thank the following organiza-tions that have endorsed this concept and specifically endorsed the EUREKA bill: a group called UsAgainstAlzhei-mer’s, the Alzheimer’s Association, the Alzheimer’s Foundation of America, the BrightFocus Foundation, the MIND Center at the University of Mississippi Medical Center in my capital city of Jackson, and also a group called Lead-ers Engaged on Alzheimer’s Disease. They all agree that by unleashing this—the concept of a prize competi-tion—we can cure Alzheimer’s disease and I hope we will try. This bill is gen-erating support and dialogue for finally putting an end to this devastating dis-ease. Let’s pass this bipartisan legislation. Thank you. I yield the floor. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, as we consider the CARA bill on the floor at this time—the bill that deals with the opioid epidemic in our country—I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Mar 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.029 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1338 March 8, 2016 
thought it might be useful to bring a few statistics forward so we can con-sider the nature of the epidemic we are dealing with. In 2014, 29,267 people died from pre-scription opioid and heroin overdoses in our country, with 10,574 of those peo-ple dying from heroin. That is a 28-per-cent increase from 2013. Can I say that again? There was a 28-percent increase in heroin deaths in our country in 1 year. That is the trendline we are talk-ing about with this epidemic. Deaths from synthetic opioids like fentanyl increased 79 percent from 2013 to 2014. Can I say that again? A syn-thetic opioid, fentanyl, had an increase of 79 percent in deaths from 2013 to 2014. Here is another statistic: Today’s young White adults age 25 to 34 are ex-periencing the highest death rates since the Vietnam war. Can I say that again? White adults between the ages of 25 and 34 are experiencing the high-est death rates since the Vietnam war. In 2014, an estimated 1.9 million peo-ple had an opioid use disorder related to prescription pain relievers and an estimated 586,000 had an opioid use dis-order related to heroin use. This is the profile of the epidemic we have in our country right now. In the 5-year period between 2008 and 2013, overdose deaths from prescription painkillers and heroin combined in-creased 37 percent. In 2010, enough opioid painkillers were sold to medicate every American adult with a typical dose of hydrocodone every 4 hours for 1 month. In 2012, health care providers wrote 259 million prescriptions for opioid painkillers—enough for every Amer-ican adult in our country to have a bottle of opioid painkillers in 2012. Can I say that again? Enough of these opioid painkillers were prescribed so that every adult could have a bottle on their shelf in 2012. Pick a number of how many 10-milli-gram opioid painkillers were approved by the Drug Enforcement Agency in the year 2014. Just pick a number in your brain of how many pills were au-thorized to be manufactured in our country in 2014. Just pick a number in your brain of 10-milligram pills, of opioids. Here is the answer. You were wrong. The number is 14 billion 10 mil-ligram-equivalent pills that were au-thorized to be manufactured in our country by the Federal Government— by the Drug Enforcement Agency—in the year 2014. Again, all this is part of the recipe. Stir well, ignore it for about 15 years, and let our country finally recognize that there is an epidemic in their house, on their street, with their rel-ative, with their friend that should never have happened because we know what the cause of this issue is. This unparalleled rise in overdose deaths in the United States parallels a fourfold increase from 1999 to 2010 in the sale of opioid painkillers. We know there has been a tripling in the number of overdose deaths from 1999 to 2012 in our country, but we also know this: America is only 5 percent of the world’s population, and yet we now consume 80 percent of all of the opioid painkillers on the planet. Again, this is not some big puzzle in terms of what has caused this problem. This is all very simple, easy-to-under-stand stuff that ordinary families have been grappling with, especially over the last 10 years, beginning with their understanding that OxyContin and Percocet and all these other drugs that are allegedly ‘‘abuse-deterrent’’ in fact, when they are swallowed pursuant to a prescription, if done on an extended basis, can cause an addiction that is worse than the underlying problem of the individual taking these painkillers. Roughly 480,000 emergency room vis-its in 2011 were attributable to the mis-use and abuse of opioid painkillers in our country—488,000 emergency room visits on that one issue. The prescription painkiller epidemic is killing more women than ever be-fore, and it is estimated that about 18 women die every day from a prescrip-tion painkiller overdose. The numbers are staggering. We should create a requirement that if the DEA is going to license physi-cians to prescribe opioids—and every physician in America must go to the DEA to get a license—if they are going to be allowed to prescribe, the physi-cian must prove he or she has been edu-cated to do so. Two years ago, the FDA authorized their voluntary education program for physicians. Pick a number in your mind of what percentage of all physi-cians in America have taken advantage of a voluntary education program for opioids. You are wrong, whatever num-ber you just picked. Only 12 percent of all physicians have actually taken the voluntary education program. The FDA continues to authorize new opioids on the market without even having an expert advisory panel to deal with the issue, even as the DEA con-tinues to authorize 14 billion 10-milli-gram pills per year. This issue is one that we have to deal with. We should have physician edu-cation. We should have tighter stand-ards for what the FDA does in allowing for new drugs to go out on the market. We have to ensure that they are safe, and we have to ensure there is a proper understanding of their abuse potential. We have to have a day of reckoning with the costs of all of this. We have to make sure that the fund-ing level is there for families who are already suffering. We have to provide the help for them. We just have to. This is an epidemic that was largely created at the Federal level, largely created by physicians and pharma-ceutical companies. It is time for us to finally begin to provide the help these families so desperately need. Here is what I know most: It will not even be those who have the problem right now, although those families will get the help they need; it is all the families who will never need the help because we did put the right recipe on the books. We did put the right preven-tion measures on the books. We did put the preventative measures on the books so that their families never even knew this day arrived in their history. I hope as we go through this whole process that we can keep those thoughts in mind. That is what we can do from the Federal Government. We should strive to do this. We should try our best to stand up and provide the help that these families need at the local level. Madam President, I yield the remain-der of my time. Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I am in strong support of the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act and its supplemental funding amend-ment. I have to say I wish we weren’t in this position today. I wish we didn’t have a persistent and growing drug epi-demic in this country that is ravaging our communities and tearing apart our families. The issue of opioid abuse and heroin addiction is not a Republican or Demo-cratic issue. It is an American issue. It touches every corner of our society: wealthy, middle class, and poor; rural, urban, and suburban; moms, dads, chil-dren, and grandchildren; our friends and our neighbors. It is devastating that today more Americans are dying from drug overdoses than from car accidents. In looking at the facts, there are two things we can point our finger to: pre-scription opioid painkillers and heroin. Prescription opioids are increasingly to blame for overdose deaths. These drugs include hydrocodone, oxycodone, and morphine, to name a few. Their numbers are hard to believe—in 2014, 6.5 million Americans over the age of 12 abused controlled substance medica-tions. The second factor, heroin, is even worse in what it has done to our Nation. Heroin use has increased 79 percent nationwide in just 5 years. These two factors are connected. When people are injured and prescribed painkillers, what is given as help for pain can easily become an addiction. These painkillers are frequently and liberally distributed by medical practi-tioners for all kinds of issues—acute pain, PTSD, recovery from surgery, re-covery from accidents, the list goes on. However, when those prescriptions run out but the addiction has already set in, people turn to heroin for their fix. Why heroin? Heroin provides simi-lar effects to the drugs they are al-ready taking, is highly addictive, and readily available on the street. It is also incredibly inexpensive—$10 or less for a hit. When you have something like that at your disposal, it is not hard to see how people can continue their addictions to the point of dying. Every day, 120 Americans are dying as a result of drug overdoses. It is time to take a hard look at what we can do to fight back and stop these drugs from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.031 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1339 March 8, 2016 
taking over our communities. I look to my home State as a prime example. In my home State, we recognize that heroin and opioid abuse are serious problems that must be addressed. In re-cent years, deaths from heroin have risen 88 percent. In 2014 alone in Mary-land, we had 578 heroin-related deaths and 1,070 drug-overdose deaths. This problem reaches to the far ends of my State. I met a woman on the Eastern Shore of Maryland who lost everything when one of her family members became ad-dicted to opioids. He resorted to steal-ing from his family and their family store, and they ended up declaring for bankruptcy because of his addiction and the consequences of it. They lost everything due to one member’s addic-tion, and I can’t imagine the strength it took to try to put their family back together after all that. We have all heard stories of friends, neighbors, and family that have faced addiction. Some have lost that battle; some have made it to recovery and con-tinue to fight every day. There are ex-amples everywhere in our community of both those who have lost their fight and those who, with the help of family and community, have put their lives back together. When thinking of this problem in Maryland, many people’s minds go di-rectly to Baltimore. I can understand why—Baltimore was once character-ized as the ‘‘heroin capital’’ of the U.S. It, too, has battled this problem for too many years, with insufficient results to show. In 2014 alone in Baltimore, 303 people died from drug and alcohol over-dose. That is more than the number of people who died from homicide. Today in Baltimore, we have 60,000 people addicted to opioids. That is 1 in every 10 residents of the city. Balti-more has the highest rate of heroin ad-diction in the country and many more who are abusing prescription opioid medication. While people like Dr. Leana Wen, the director of the Balti-more City Department of Health, have been actively taking steps to turn the tide, there are many more out there who would see this problem continue so they can profit off of it. But this problem is not just about Baltimore, nor is it just about drug ad-diction. Widespread addiction leads to other problems in society. Addicts commit crime to get money in order to get drugs, like theft and fraud. Gangs are trafficking and selling these drugs to those who haven’t been able to quit. The worst of our society is brought out because of these drugs and their ef-fects, and those effects are being seen in every corner of my State and every level of society. As I have traveled around Maryland meeting with county executives, every single one talked about the problem of heroin and opioid abuse. Both Repub-licans and Democrats have told me time and time again, they can’t solve this problem themselves. They have asked me to help. They need multiple resources to fight. They need everyone standing up saying, ‘‘enough is enough.’’ It is time to take back our communities, and we can start with this bill and its supplemental funding. This bill does five things that I think will really help us start going in a more positive direction. First, it ex-pands prevention and educational ef-forts to prevent opioid abuse and pro-mote treatment and recovery. Second, it expands the availability of lifesaving options to provide for first responders and law enforcement to save lives and reverse overdoses. Third, the bill ex-pands the resources to treat those al-ready in prison who are suffering from addiction and look at alternatives to incarceration for those arrested with substance abuse issues. Fourth, it strengthens programs to monitor pre-scription drugs to cut down their wide-spread misuse and expands disposal sites for unwanted medication to keep it out of the hands of our children. Last, it creates an interagency task force with experts in all fields to look at the best practices for prescribing painkillers. I would like to add that I also sup-port the Shaheen supplemental funding amendment. The Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act is the author-izing bill here. It makes the promises for services to help Americans in need through education, prevention, and treatment across geographical and eco-nomic lines. The Shaheen supple-mental amendment is the appropria-tions that cuts the check for the serv-ices. It is tailored to the bill, providing $240 million to the Department of Jus-tice and $360 million to the Department of Health and Human Services. Both the bill and its amendment are needed to get help to Americans and to Mary-landers who don’t have the resources to solve these problems on their own. We can’t enforce our way out of this, and this bill recognizes that. We must look at it from the standpoint of addic-tion and mental health services as well. The impact that addiction has had on our society has created an ur-gent and desperate situation. Both this bill and its funding need to be passed immediately. As chair and vice-chair of the Appro-priations Committee, I have fought very hard to get funding in the Federal checkbook to help combat this epi-demic. Through a bipartisan effort in the fiscal year 2016 omnibus, we were able to secure record funds to combat drug abuse and provide services to Americans. As vice chair of the Commerce, Jus-tice, and Science Subcommittee, cracking down was a priority in the omnibus bill. We provided $2.45 billion for the Drug Enforcement Agency, who targets and dismantles criminal nar-cotics activities and regulates and combats prescription drug abuse. This was a $52 million increase over fiscal year 2015. The Department of Justice received $7 million for anti-heroin task forces, $12 million for residential drug treat-ment grants, $13 million for prescrip-tion drug monitoring grants, and $42 million for drug courts. Additionally, we were able to allo-cate significant funds for treatment and recovery of substance abuse dis-orders, including instituting some new programs. Funds include: $70 million for the CDC Prescription Drug Over-dose Prevention program, more than triple the Fiscal Year 15 level; $12 mil-lion for new Substance Abuse & Mental Health Services Administration, SAMHSA, grants to equip first re-sponders with overdose-prevention drugs; $5.6 million for new CDC funding for heroin surveillance; $10 million for new SAMHSA funding to promote pre-vention strategies; and $25 million for SAMHSA medication-assisted treat-ment programs. We recognize that our veterans can suffer more than most in opioid abuse, whether from injuries sustained in combat or mental health issues when they return. In further protecting our veterans, we added reforms at the Vet-erans Administration. These include adopting the CDC guidelines for safe opioid prescriptions for chronic pain, protections against double-prescribing, establishing a working group focused on opioid therapy, ensuring all facili-ties are prepared with opioid blocking drugs, and providing training to all em-ployees that prescribe controlled sub-stances. Lastly, we required a multiagency re-port on heroin from the Department of Justice and 25 other Federal agencies. This report included recommendations and best practices for combating this crisis in our country. These experts said that there is hope to mitigate the issue, but that law enforcement and public health must work together to educate and intervene with effective treatments. They gave us a road map to take action, and several of their rec-ommendations can be found in this bill. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act is a first step toward stemming the tide of the harm that opioids and heroin have wreaked on our country. Along with the appropriations supplemental from Senator S
HAHEEN , it will provide immediate action and a comprehensive response. Unfortu-nately, my colleagues voted against this amendment, meaning we have to wait another day to put money for these expanded services in the Federal checkbook. This bill recognizes that the problem won’t be solved just by the Federal Government or local governments act-ing alone. We must come together with a multipronged solution working on all levels of government and including our allies in the public and private sector. We all share the same goal in this in-stance. We must do more and do better to reduce prescription drug abuse, to help those struggling with addiction, to keep heroin and opioids out of the hands of children, to stop those who are trafficking and selling these dan-gerous drugs, and to better train and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.018 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1340 March 8, 2016 
equip those on the front lines of this battle to save lives. I urge the adoption of this bill and I pledge to do my best to provide the Federal funding needed in the appropriations bills for fiscal year 2017. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I was necessarily absent for yesterday’s vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the Grassley-Leahy amendment No. 3378 to S. 524, the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Bill. I would have voted yea. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) ∑Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Madam President, I was necessarily absent for yesterday’s cloture vote on the Grassley-Leahy amendment No. 3378 in the nature of a substitute to S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2015. I would have voted yea.∑ Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO ZAK BAIG  
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I rise today with enormous pride, but also real sadness, to honor one of my most talented and longest serving staff members, Zak Baig, as he departs the Senate and starts an exciting new ca-reer. Zak has worked his way up the ranks in my office. He started working for me on the House side and in the process has filled almost every role in sight, starting with chief bottle washer and going up from there. He actually start-ed in 2001, shortly after I was elected to the U.S. House, as an intern back in Hammond, LA. He did a great job there. In 2002, he was an intern in DC and showed even greater progress and promise, and then he came on full time as a legislative correspondent at the end of 2002. In 2004, I ran for the U.S. Senate. It was a big undertaking and an enor-mous challenge to take on a statewide campaign. Zak moved onto the cam-paign side and was in charge of the grassroots effort, which was enor-mously important and helped lead to our success. He truly helped guide us to victory that year. After that, as we started working in the Senate, he became an integral member of the Senate staff. In those first 3 years, he served as our projects director and then in 2008 became legis-lative director. In 2013, Zak served as a Republican staff director for the EPW Committee, while I was the ranking Republican. In 2015, after we took the majority and I became chair of the Small Busi-ness Committee, Zak became the full staff director there, as well as acting chief of staff for a period of time. As I said, he has absolutely worked his way up the ranks and merited each and every step of the way, doing a bet-ter and better job as he progressed. You can tell that in his body of work, which is very impressive and which, of course, I benefited from. At the EPW Committee, as a Repub-lican staff director, Zak helped navi-gate the legislative waters and shep-herd through some major infrastruc-ture legislation in the Senate. At the staff level, he was able to lead the negotiations of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014, starting from drafting bipar-tisan legislation with Senator BARBARA  B
OXER and her staff—the chair of the committee—to negotiating with the House of Representatives in con-ference, to ultimately getting the bill signed into law. It was a major legisla-tive accomplishment. Shortly after that, he turned around and helped do the same thing with the highway bill reauthorization. Under his leadership, we also con-ducted some really important over-sight of the administration, particu-larly the EPA, the Department of Transportation, and other agencies under the jurisdiction of the EPW Com-mittee. When we moved to the major-ity and chairmanship of the Small Business Committee, Zak served as staff director, just as, if not more, ef-fectively. He helped lead the way as we passed 22 bipartisan bills out of the committee in just 1 year, 8 of which have become law. To put that in some perspective, our predecessor on the committee only passed 10 bills out of the committee over 5 years. So it real-ly was making the committee work in an effective, bipartisan way—as it should. And just in general, in the of-fice Zak was behind a lot of our major efforts and achievements and was al-ways effective at whatever he put his mind to. A lot of that success is directly at-tributed to his never-ending energy, his drive to see things through from start to finish, and, maybe even more impor-tantly, his personality, his attitude, his sense of humor, his being able to do tough things and always getting along with those he was occasionally battling with because he always did it with a smile and a friendly attitude, and he probably had a friendly joke or two mixed in. It is at that personal level that I am most saddened to say goodbye to Zak— at least working with him day to day professionally—although we will obvi-ously keep in close touch. I have been honored to have been a mentor to so many younger folks who have worked in the Senate office. I have been honored to mentor Zak through the years, and it really has been a personal privilege and honor. Through those years, I have literally seen him grow up from a young stu-dent—a boy, really—to a consummate professional, a wonderful husband, and a great father. I like to think I had a little bit to do with that as well, be-cause Zak met his wonderful wife Wendy when they both worked for me in the Senate office. In fact, their mar-riage is one of four that came out of our Senate office, which, as I look back at my service in the Senate, is prob-ably the statistic and fact I will be most proud of—the young people I helped mentor and served with and those marriages that directly came out of the office. In that sense—through that men-toring and through those years—I gained not just a great staff leader but a true and dedicated friend, and for that I will always be grateful. It is at that personal level that I will think back about fights, struggles, work, challenges, and a lot of jokes and fun we had along the way. In that spirit, I want to leave Zak with three parting gifts. One has to do with a day when I carried something with me from committee hearing to floor activity and then to actually giv-ing a speech on the floor with it next to me. It is a funny photograph which will not be described in more detail. It is perfectly PG-rated, but it is an in-side joke. After that day, Zak got a hold of that framed photograph, and I think it has been completely de-stroyed. But there was a file of the originals involved, and so I will hand that to him as a parting gift as part of the inside joke. On another occasion, commemo-rating his enormous devotion to Syra-cuse sports—he went to Syracuse as an undergraduate—a prized basketball of his was hijacked. This was a basketball signed by Coach Jim Boeheim after their national championship season in 2003. It was hijacked and moved loca-tions. It sent ransom notes from all around the country for quite a pro-tracted period before Zak got it back. I was going to have the basketball with me to help tell the story today only to find out that it has been hi-jacked again. So my second parting gift to Zak is to get in contact with the abductors and return the prized basket-ball for yet a second time. The third, and probably the most im-portant parting gift, is to give Zak the true credit he deserves. One fight I took on in the last several years is to have Members and staff health care handled appropriately as was intended under ObamaCare—the so-called Wash-ington exemption of ObamaCare—end-ing that. I just want to give Zak full and public credit that that crusade and idea was really his and his alone—not. I just wanted to give him one last heart attack, thinking for a split sec-ond that his promising lobbying career had just ended before it even began. I know that Zak’s Senate peers and our constituents in Louisiana will miss his tireless service, but no one will miss that and his camaraderie, good humor, and friendship more than my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.018 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1341 March 8, 2016 
wife Wendy and our four children. We have all become very close with him and his wife Wendy and their two sons. We also know his parents very well and are friends with them back home in Louisiana. We wish them all the best. I know Zak’s greatest achievements are ahead of him, not behind, and I can tell him to count me in as a cheer-leader and fan as he takes on those new challenges. With that, I yield the floor and sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, Antonin Scalia entered the world as the son and grandson of Italian immi-grants in 1936. When he unexpectedly departed this life last month, he was the patriarch of a large American fam-ily and the intellectual father of the most important legal movement in generations. Between those points, he lived an extraordinarily full life that helped shaped the course of our coun-try. By 1980, Scalia had already accom-plished more at the age of 44 than most can ever hope to in a lifetime. He had been a distinguished lawyer, served at the highest levels of the government, and taught at the country’s best law schools. He might have continued to develop a reputation as the Nation’s brightest law professor and scholar, but providence had still more to ask of him. Upon his election, President Ronald Reagan came to Washington with a mission to restore a country that seemed divided and in decline. He promised to rebuild our military, re-vive our economy, and restore our sense of purpose. Just as critical as these efforts, Reagan was determined to bring new life to our Founders’ vi-sion of our Constitution, which pro-vided for carefully limited government, separation of powers, and the rule of law. In accordance with that deter-mination, Reagan appointed Scalia first to the critical D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals and then to the Supreme Court of the United States. The three- decade judicial career that followed would establish Justice Scalia as one of the most influential American jurists— and one of the most consequential Americans—in our Nation’s history. The Federal judiciary that Scalia joined in 1982 had, for too long, both abused and shirked its proper role. It had stripped the American people and their elected representatives of their legitimate powers by inventing brand- new ‘‘constitutional rights’’ practically out of thin air. Just as troubling, it had failed to uphold the very real con-stitutional limits on government. The courts too often treated the text of statutes as mere suggestions and often appointed themselves as a kind of super-legislature. Scalia would not stand for this. He saw this prevailing approach of judges as an abuse of power and a threat to a free and self-governing people. For Scalia, the rule of law was the touch-stone of liberty, and judges had an im-portant role in upholding it. He under-stood that America has a written Con-stitution for clear reasons: to restrict government and preserve liberty. As a judge, Scalia insisted that the Con-stitution be applied as written and originally understood, not freely inter-preted by unelected judges. If the Con-stitution must change, as it has needed to throughout our history, the docu-ment itself offers an amendment proc-ess. Justice Scalia had a sharp and well- articulated legal philosophy that put the text and meaning of the Constitu-tion and law front and center. A judge, Scalia believed, must put aside his pol-icy preferences in order to say what the law is. ‘‘The judge who always likes the results he reaches is a bad judge,’’ he said. Justice Scalia lived out this ap-proach on the bench. His majority opinions established clear and well-ar-ticulated precedents. His sharp and colorful dissents brilliantly exposed moments when too many of his col-leagues preferred to put policy pref-erences and outcomes above the Con-stitution and the rule of law. For con-servatives, the words ‘‘Scalia dissents’’ always offered a silver lining—they meant that a likely damaging legal precedent would at least come pre-packaged with a wonderfully readable corrective. Whether he was on the majority or minority side of a decision, the forceful logic and clear phrasing of Scalia’s opinions commanded attention and en-gagement. Over time, his most reliable intellectual adversaries found them-selves increasingly forced to fight on the ground he established. While Jus-tice Scalia did not win every argument, he changed the conversation forever. Judicial activism no longer has a free hand because Scalia challenged it and inspired an entire generation of legal minds to follow his example. His judicial writing alone would have changed American law and advanced the cause of liberty, but Justice Scalia went further than that. He wrote books, lectured, and mentored stu-dents. He traveled around the country, engaged the media, and debated col-leagues and critics. His many law clerks now distinguish themselves throughout the legal profession. The Federalist Society, which he helped nurture in its fledgling years, now pro-vides a lively forum for a variety of conservative and libertarian perspec-tives on law. Antonin Scalia has left us a legal culture absolutely transformed from the one he found. Justice Scalia’s judicial opinions, legal philosophy, and forceful advocacy for the rule of law inspired me as a law student and continue to inspire me to this day. While a wide array of life ex-periences and values have shaped the way I see America and the world, Antonin Scalia has been the single most important influence on my view of the Constitution and the proper role of judges in our Republic as men and women who should put the original meaning of our Constitution ahead of their policy preferences. Justice Scalia’s life is a testimony to the fact that ideas matter. It is proof that a person of principle, with the willingness to invest in debate and per-suasion, can change history. His life also reminds us of another important truth. Particularly in these sharply di-vided partisan times, we can lose sight of the fact that the things that unite us are more important than the things that divide us. Justice Scalia never did. He knew the Constitution was his sole guide in his professional life, but he was also a devout Catholic who accept-ed that God has a plan for all of us. He took evident joy in living out his faith, in loving his family, and in nurturing countless friendships, even with his ideological foes. We should all be grate-ful that God’s plan for our Nation, es-pecially the people whose paths he crossed, included having Justice Scalia on the Court for the past 30 years. He was a role model for all of us and par-ticularly for Christians in public life. As a U.S. Senator, I led a bipartisan group of colleagues in filing an amicus brief in the Supreme Court. The brief, submitted in the case of Town of Greece v. Galloway, defended the prac-tice of legislative prayer. It argued that the original meaning of the First Amendment clearly did not require the purging of religious expression from the public square. I attended the oral argument in the case and will forever be grateful for having had the oppor-tunity to watch Justice Scalia’s sharp and incisive questioning from the bench. Although I did not have the good for-tune to get to know Justice Scalia per-sonally, he had a profound impact on me. All those who cherish the Con-stitution and limited government mourn this great loss. Justice Scalia was a brilliant legal mind who served with honor, distinction, and only one legal objective: to interpret and defend the Constitution as written. He is a model for exactly what his successor and all future Justices should strive to be on the highest Court in the land. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Mar 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\S08MR6.REC S08MR6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1342 March 8, 2016 
Antonin Scalia left us far too soon, but his legacy will remain with us as long as we remain a republic under law.∑ Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, it is an honor to pay tribute to the late Justice Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia was a staunch defender of the Constitu-tion who, above all, sought to uphold the original meaning of its text. He steadfastly adhered to his oath of of-fice, which directed him to ‘‘administer justice without respect to persons, [to] do equal right to the poor and to the rich, and [to] faithfully and impar-tially discharge and perform all [his] duties . . . under the Constitution and laws of the United States.’’ In doing so, he recognized this approach to judicial interpretation might conflict with pop-ular opinion. As Justice Scalia once stated: ‘‘If you’re going to be a good and faithful judge, you have to resign yourself to the fact that you’re not al-ways going to like the conclusions you reach. If you like them all the time, you’re probably doing something wrong.’’ A few years ago, I had the privilege of visiting the Supreme Court to listen to oral arguments in the case of Na-tional Labor Relations Board v. Noel Canning, which concerned the scope of the President’s authority to make re-cess appointments. I recall being struck by Justice Scalia’s probing questions and his ability to imme-diately get to the crux of an issue; yet Justice Scalia never lacked civility when making an argument. As he once said, ‘‘I attack ideas. I don’t attack people. And some very good people have some very bad ideas.’’ Justice Scalia was known for more than his jurisprudence. The son of im-migrants and the first Italian Amer-ican to serve on the Supreme Court, he is remembered by many for his strong belief in the American dream. A former law clerk recalled how he introduced Justice Scalia to his grandfather, a Holocaust survivor. The clerk’s grand-father was nervous to meet a member of the Court, but Scalia embraced the man. He said he was honored to meet a man who represented everything that made him proud to be an American. Justice Scalia was also a loving hus-band to Maureen, his wife of 56 years, and the father of nine children and many grandchildren. Scalia often noted that his wife deserved all the credit for their children’s accomplishments. Each year, the ranks of Scalia alumni would grow, and he would visit with each of them and their families, even nicknaming their children as his ‘‘grandclerks.’’ Justice Scalia was also a man of faith and looked to the Roman Catholic Church as a guiding force in his life. One of the Justice’s former law clerks recalled that Scalia’s faith inspired the clerk to deepen his own embrace of religion. Scalia loved hunting, the opera, an-chovy pizza, and red wine. He was known for taking law clerks to lunch at A.V. Ristorante, an Italian res-taurant in Washington that has since closed down. He insisted they order an-chovy pizza and red wine, and he was said to be dismayed when a clerk de-clined one or the other. After A.V. Ristorante closed, he would lead clerks in a hunt for a worthy replacement. Of course, as Justice Breyer once noted, Justice Scalia ‘‘loved nothing better than a great argument.’’ Al-though he frequently disagreed with his colleagues on the Court, Justice Scalia formed deep bonds and friend-ships with his fellow Justices and re-spected their views. As Justice Breyer recalled: 
We both would hope that the audience of students or senators would leave not with a better sense of who was right, but with a greater respect for the institution we rep-resented. They would see that sometimes we disagreed, that we nonetheless understood and paid attention to each other’s points of view, that those views were serious views, and that we were friends. And we were good friends. 
When Justice Elena Kagan joined the Supreme Court the two became hunt-ing buddies. A few times a year, they would go hunting together to enjoy a shared appreciation for this sport. But it was his deep friendship with Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg that was well known to many. She stated recently: ‘‘How blessed I was to have a friend of such brilliance, high spirits, and quick wit . . . we were different, yes, yet one in our reverence for the court and its place in the U.S. system of govern-ance.’’ Justice Scalia will be remembered for his brilliant legal mind and faithful dedication to the Constitution. We will also remember his humor, his spiritu-ality, his love for his family, and his ability to find common ground even in the face of disagreement. Let us pray for his family and friends as we proudly celebrate his service to our country. Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, on February 13, 2016, the Supreme Court not only lost one of its Justices, our Nation lost a true legal giant. Justice Antonin Scalia was described by his colleagues as ‘‘extraordinary,’’ ‘‘treasured,’’ and ‘‘a stylistic genius.’’ Beyond his unwavering dedication to upholding the originalist viewpoint of the Constitution, Justice Scalia was also whole-heartedly committed to his family. He was a husband, father of nine, and grandfather to 36 grand-children. His son Paul said of him dur-ing his homily that ‘‘God blessed Dad with a love for his family . . . He was the father that God gave us for the great adventure of family life . . . He loved us, and sought to show that love. And sought to share the blessing of the faith he treasured. And he gave us one another, to have each other for sup-port. That’s the greatest wealth par-ents can bestow, and right now we are particularly grateful for it.’’ Justice Scalia was nominated to the United States Supreme Court in 1986 by President Reagan and was confirmed by the Senate in a unanimous vote. While his time on the Court often led to criticism of his legal opinions and colorful dissents, he remained re-spected by his colleagues, even those at the opposite end of the judicial spec-trum. This is a sign of true character— to have the ability to have an open, honest debate about a particular issue, while respecting the individual person holding an opinion different from your own. Justice Scalia said, ‘‘I attack ideas. I don’t attack people. And some very good people have some very bad ideas. And if you can’t separate the two, you gotta get another day job.’’ This sentiment was best portrayed through his friendship with Justice Ginsburg. Of her friend, she said, ‘‘We are different, we are one. Different in our interpretation of written texts, one in our reverence for the Constitution and the institution we serve. From our years together at the D.C. Circuit, we were best buddies. We disagreed now and then, but when I wrote for the Court and received a Scalia dissent, the opinion ultimately released was nota-bly better than my initial circulation.’’ Justice Scalia was known for his wit and sarcasm in his writings, famously referring to the legal interpretations of his colleagues as ‘‘jiggery-pokery,’’ ‘‘pure applesauce,’’ and ‘‘a ghoul in a late horror movie.’’ Yet it was these same criticisms that Justice Ginsburg said nailed the weak spots in her opin-ions and gave her what she needed to strengthen her writings. Justice Scalia represented a con-sistent, constitutional voice on the Court. Just as the Constitution is a pil-lar of our legal system, so too was his affirmation to this foundational docu-ment of our Nation. He said, ‘‘It is an enduring Constitu-tion that I want to defend...It’s what did the words mean to the people who ratified the Bill of Rights or who rati-fied the Constitution, as opposed to what people today would like.’’ As Justice Kennedy said, ‘‘In years to come any history of the Supreme Court will, and must, recount the wisdom, scholarship, and technical brilliance that Justice Scalia brought to the Court. His insistence on demanding standards shaped the work of the Court in its private discussions, its oral argu-ments, and its written opinions. Yet these historic achievements are all the more impressive and compelling be-cause the foundations of Justice Scalia’s jurisprudence, the driving force in all his work, and his powerful personality were shaped by an unyielding commitment to the Con-stitution of the United States and to the highest ethical and moral stand-ards.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF CASEY FAMILY PROGRAMS ∑Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, today I wish to acknowledge the 50th anniversary of Casey Family Pro-grams, the Nation’s largest operating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\S08MR6.REC S08MR6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1343 March 8, 2016 
foundation focused on safely reducing the need for foster care and building communities of hope for children and families across America. Casey Family Programs works to influence long-last-ing improvements in the safety and success of children, families, and the communities where they live. I am proud that Casey is based in Seattle, WA. March 15 is Casey’s Founders Day, a time for its leaders to reflect on the history of Jim Casey and his vision for the foundation and its mission. Jim Casey, the founder of United Parcel Service, saw a critical need 50 years ago to ensure that our Nation’s most vulnerable children had safe and stable families who would provide the opportunities and support they needed to succeed in life. After Jim’s father died when he was just 14, he felt re-sponsible for taking care of his mother and three younger siblings. As he was building the bicycle messenger service he started in 1907 into the world’s larg-est delivery and logistics company, Jim also noticed that his most effec-tive workers came from strong fami-lies, while those who did not thrive came from unstable backgrounds. Those experiences and his vision led him to generously invest his resources to create Casey Family Programs in 1966 to provide direct services to vul-nerable children and families. The foundation now works with all 50 States, as well as tribal, county, and other child welfare jurisdictions, to safely reduce the need for foster care and help create and sustain safe and stable families. It also educates policy-makers at all levels of government about effective policies and evidence- based interventions that improve the lives of families and children. From 2009 to 2015, Casey Family Pro-grams invested $45 million in Wash-ington State. It has helped support the child welfare system, courts, tribes, policymakers, and other organizations to improve stability for children and build communities of hope. Casey Family Programs provides education, research, and information that is valuable in policy discussions as well as for Washington State and other States participating in the Federal IV- Waiver Program. For instance, Casey Family Programs has provided specific research to track which evidence-based programs States are using under their Federal waivers so that States can learn from and replicate these prac-tices. As the ranking member of the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, I am committed to sup-porting policies to improve the lives of children and families. In particular, I was proud to include provisions in the Every Student Succeeds Act to in-crease educational stability for foster children and homeless youth. I appre-ciate Casey’s commitment to these im-portant issues as well. I truly value the contributions of Casey Family Programs to Washington State and our country. Jim Casey once said that ‘‘inspiration and enthusiasm are of little value unless they move us to action and accomplishments.’’ I be-lieve that the current leadership of Casey Family Programs has embraced the vision of their founder. I look for-ward to working with Casey Family Programs in the years ahead. ∑ 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4630. A communication from the Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC): Imple-mentation of Electronic Benefit Transfer-Re-lated Provisions’’ (RIN0584–AE21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4631. A communication from the Assist-ant Director, Executive and Political Per-sonnel, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Under Secretary of the Air Force, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4632. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4633. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Export Control Reform: Conforming Change to De-fense Sales Offset Reporting Requirements’’ (RIN0694–AG38) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4634. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Expanded Examination Cycle for Certain Small In-sured Depository Institutions and U.S. Branches and Agencies of Foreign Banks’’ (RIN7100–AE45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4635. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Reserve Bank Capital Stock’’ (RIN7100–AE47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4636. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the continuation of the na-tional emergency originally declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13692 on March 8, 2015, with re-spect to Venezuela; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4637. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13694 of April 1, 2015, with respect to significant malicious cyber-en-abled activities; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4638. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4639. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ex-panded Examination Cycle for Certain Small Insured Depository Institutions and U.S. Branches and Agencies of Foreign Banks’’ (RIN3064–AE42) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4640. A communication from the United States Trade Representative, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2016 Trade Policy Agenda and 2015 Annual Report of the President of the United States on the Trade Agreements Program; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4641. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report prepared by the Department of State on progress toward a negotiated solu-tion of the Cyprus question covering the pe-riod October 1, 2015, through November 30, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4642. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–124); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4643. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4644. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Unique Device Identification System; Editorial Provisions; Technical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA–2011–N–0090) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4645. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Update on the Adoption of Health Information Tech-nology and Related Efforts to Facilitate the Electronic Use and Exchange of Health Infor-mation’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4646. A communication from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Use of Mandatory Recall Authority Submitted Pur-suant to Section 206 of the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, Public Law 111–353’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4647. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Economic Impact and Diver-sity, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.027 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1344 March 8, 2016 
year 2015 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4648. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Peace Corps, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Peace Corps’ fiscal year 2015 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4649. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Office of Legislation and Congressional Affairs, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Edu-cation Fiscal Year 2015 Annual Performance Report and Fiscal Year 2017 Annual Perform-ance Plan’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4650. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Information on Corporate Con-tractor Performance and Integrity’’ ((RIN9000–AM74) (FAC 2005–87)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4651. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amendments’’ (FAC 2005–87) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4652. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–87) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4653. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–87) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4654. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Federal Equal Opportunity Recruitment Program (FEORP) for Fiscal Years 2013 and 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4655. A communication from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Report to Congress on the Social and Eco-nomic Conditions of Native Americans: Fis-cal Year 2013’’; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–4656. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Re-port to the Congress on the Native Hawaiian Revolving Loan Fund’’; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–4657. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Exemption from Registration for Persons Authorized Under U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission or Agreement State Medical Use Licenses or Permits and Admin-istering the Drug Product DaTscan’’ ((RIN1117–AB38) (Docket No. DEA–394F)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2016; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. EC–4658. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Exten-sion of Temporary Placement of 10 Synthetic Cathinones in Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act’’ (Docket No. DEA–386) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 4, 2016; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. EC–4659. A communication from the Direc-tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report on crime victims’ rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4660. A communication from the Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Data Mining Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. EC–4661. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Lamorinda Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4662. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Promoting Diversification of Ownership in the Broad-casting Services, Review of Media Bureau Data Practices, and Amendment of Part 1 of the Commission’s Rules, Concerning Prac-tice and Procedure, Amendment of CORES Registration System’’ ((MB Docket No. 07– 294, MB Docket No. 10–103, and MB Docket No. 10–234)(FCC 16–1)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4663. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE419) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 3, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 779. A bill to provide for Federal agen-cies to develop public access policies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency (Rept. No. 114–224). INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL: S. 2648. A bill to assist entrepreneurs, sup-port development of the creative economy, and encourage international cultural ex-change, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 2649. A bill to modify the treatment of the costs of health care furnished under sec-tion 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to veterans cov-ered by health-plan contracts; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. 2650. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come any prizes or awards won in competi-tion in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. P
AUL): S. 2651. A bill to amend the Federal Meat Inspection Act to exempt from inspection the slaughter of animals and the preparation of carcasses conducted at a custom slaughter facility, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 2652. A bill to extend the authorization of the Highlands Conservation Act; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. MURRAY: S. 2653. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish an award program recognizing excellence exhibited by public school system employees providing services to students in prekindergarten through high-er education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. BOXER: S. 2654. A bill to make funds available for Dungeness crab and rock crab emergency disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. Res. 391. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate to oppose the transfer of foreign enemy combatants from the deten-tion facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States homeland; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. R
EED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): S. Res. 392. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the prosecu-tion and conviction of former President Mohamed Nasheed without due process and urging the Government of the Maldives to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Mar 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.003 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1345 March 8, 2016 
take all necessary steps to redress this injus-tice, to release all political prisoners, and to ensure due process and freedom from polit-ical prosecution for all the people of the Maldives; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. M ORAN ): S. Res. 393. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 590 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 590, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act to combat campus sexual violence, and for other purposes. 
S. 629 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 629, a bill to enable hos-pital-based nursing programs that are affiliated with a hospital to maintain payments under the Medicare program to hospitals for the costs of such pro-grams. 
S. 901 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1074 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1074, a bill to clarify the sta-tus of the North Country, Ice Age, and New England National Scenic Trails as units of the National Park System, and for other purposes. 
S. 1455 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1455, a bill to provide access to medication-assisted therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1679 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1679, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to re-quire that certain buildings and per-sonal property be covered by flood in-surance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. S. 2070 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2070, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 2217 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2217, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarify certain disclosure re-quirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2437 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2437, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2487 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2487, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women vet-erans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other purposes. 
S. 2502 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2502, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure that retirement inves-tors receive advice in their best inter-ests, and for other purposes. 
S. 2505 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2505, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that retire-ment investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes. S. 2551 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2551, a bill to help prevent acts of geno-cide and mass atrocities, which threat-en national and international security, by enhancing United States civilian ca-pacities to prevent and mitigate such crises. 
S. 2571 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2571, a bill to provide for the eligibility for airport development grants of airports that enter into cer-tain leases with components of the Armed Forces. 
S. 2584 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2584, a bill to promote and protect from discrimination living organ do-nors. 
S. 2621 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2621, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to geneti-cally engineered food transparency and uniformity. 
S. 2646 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2646, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to improve health care provided to veterans by the Depart-ment, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 388 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 388, a resolution sup-porting the goals of International Women’s Day. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3359 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3359 intended to be pro-posed to S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3376 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3376 intended to be pro-posed to S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3438 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3438 in-tended to be proposed to S. 524, a bill to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.007 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1346 March 8, 2016 
authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. 2650. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games; to the Com-mittee on Finance. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, with 150 days until the start of the 2016 Olym-pics in Rio de Janeiro, I am proud today to introduce S. 2650, the United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act. This bill would en-sure that America rewards the sacrifice and hard work of Team USA by ex-empting from Federal tax the medals and cash prizes they win at the Olym-pics and Paralympics. Our Olympians and Paralympians represent America with distinction be-cause they epitomize our greatest val-ues—determination, hard work and a competitive spirit. These athletes and their families sacrifice years of their lives for the opportunity to represent the United States on the world’s great-est stage—the Olympics and Paralympics games. Most countries not only compensate their Olympic and Paralympic athletes, but also subsidize their training expenses with taxpayer dollars. Our athletes make consider-able financial sacrifices to train for the Olympics and Paralympics, and as amateurs, receive no compensation for their training. Unfortunately, Amer-ica’s athletes are penalized with a tax burden for the medals and awards they receive at these games. That shouldn’t be the case. We should be celebrating their achievements rather than taxing their success. I want to thank Senator S
CHUMER , Senator G
ARDNER , Senator G ILLIBRAND , and Senator I
SAKSON for working with me on this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting the USA Olympians and Paralympians Act to protect and encourage the success of our athletes competing in the upcom-ing Rio Games as well as future Olym-pic and Paralympic Games. I look for-ward to watching Team USA compete and win later this year, and I wish all of our Olympians and Paralympians the best of luck. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE RESOLUTION 391—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE TO OPPOSE THE TRANS-FER OF FOREIGN ENEMY COM-BATANTS FROM THE DETENTION FACILITIES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES HOMELAND Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 391 Whereas, on January 22, 2009, President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13492, requiring that the detention facilities hous-ing foreign enemy combatants at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, ‘‘shall be closed as soon as practicable, and no later than 1 year from the date of this order’’; Whereas Executive Order 13492 states that ‘‘[t]his order shall be implemented con-sistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations’’; Whereas the Department of Defense and Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10), the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55), the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74), the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6), the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76), the Continuing Appro-priations Resolution, 2015 (Public Law 113– 164), the Consolidated and Further Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235), the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 114–4), and the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–53) explicitly pro-hibit the transfer, release, or assisting in the transfer or release, of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, to the United States homeland; Whereas the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239), the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66), the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), and the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) explic-itly prohibit the transfer, release, or assist-ing in the transfer or release, of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, to the United States homeland; Whereas the detention facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, are legal, safe, and humane, and have been found consistent with international conventions regarding the laws of war; Whereas, on February 23, 2009, a Depart-ment of Defense review found that the deten-tion facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, complied with the requirements of Common Article 3 of the Ge-neva Conventions of 1949 regarding the treat-ment of prisoners of war; Whereas in 2015, teams from the Depart-ment of Defense visited Federal, military, and State-owned prisons in Kansas, Colo-rado, and South Carolina for the express pur-pose of relocating detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, to the United States homeland; Whereas Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, serves as the intellectual center of the United States Army as home to the Army Univer-sity, the Command and General Staff Col-lege, and the Combined Arms Center; Whereas Fort Leavenworth operates the United States Disciplinary Barracks and Midwest Joint Regional Corrections Facil-ity, which holds convicted members of the Armed Forces; Whereas section 812 of title 10, United States Code (article 12 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), states that ‘‘[n]o mem-ber of the armed forces may be placed in con-finement in immediate association with enemy prisoners or other foreign nationals not members of the armed forces’’; Whereas the facilities at Fort Leavenworth do not provide a legal alternative for detain-ment of enemy combatants currently held at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay; Whereas the sites visited by the Depart-ment of Defense teams in Colorado are in close proximity to the densely-populated ci-vilian areas of Pueblo and Colorado Springs, Colorado; Whereas Colorado Springs is home to the United States Air Force Academy, Peterson Air Force Base, Schriever Air Force Base, and Fort Carson Army Post; Whereas Peterson Air Force Base hosts the United States Northern Command (NORTHCOM) and the North American Aero-space Defense Command (NORAD), which are strategic military installations, vital to our national defense and military readiness; Whereas Pueblo is home to the United States Army Pueblo Chemical Weapons Depot; Whereas the Consolidated Naval Brig, Hanahan, South Carolina, has been visited by Department of Defense teams for consid-eration as a potential site to relocate dan-gerous international terrorists currently held in the detention facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay; Whereas the Consolidated Naval Brig is lo-cated less than a mile from an elementary school, and is near other schools and residen-tial neighborhoods; Whereas the Consolidated Naval Brig is also in close proximity to one of the busiest ports in the United States, the Port of Charleston, as well as the City of Charleston, one of the most popular tourist destinations in the country; Whereas the Consolidated Naval Brig is also located near the Space and Naval War-fare Systems Command (SPAWAR) Systems Center Atlantic and the Navy Nuclear Power Training Command, which are strategic military installations, vital to our national defense and military readiness; Whereas Department of Defense efforts to scout locations for the express purpose of transferring detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, to the States of Kansas, Colorado, or South Caro-lina are in violation of current law, which explicitly prohibit the transfer, release, or assisting in the transfer or release, of such detainees to the United States homeland; Whereas, on November 17, 2015, Attorney General Loretta Lynch stated to Congress that ‘‘[w]ith respect to individuals being transferred to the United States, the law currently does not allow that’’; Whereas, on January 26, 2016, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter stated in an interview that ‘‘it’s against the law now to establish another detention facility [in the U.S.], so therefore we have to get the support of Con-gress’’; Whereas, on February 23, 2016, the Depart-ment of Defense issued a report pursuant to section 1035 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, entitled ‘‘Plan for Closing of the Guantanamo Bay Detention Facility’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.009 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1347 March 8, 2016 
Whereas the report states that ‘‘the Ad-ministration will work with Congress to re-locate [detainees] from the Guantanamo Bay detention facility to a secure detention facil-ity in the United States’’; and Whereas the report does not address or at-tempt to mitigate the risks posed to local communities by the potential transfer of for-eign enemy combatants from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, to United States soil, including to communities in Kansas, Colorado, and South Carolina: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) rejects the ‘‘Plan to Close Guantanamo Bay Detention Facility’’, presented by the President on February 23, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States homeland; (2) determines that any attempt by the President to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, to the United States homeland is in direct vio-lation of the Department of Defense and Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10), the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55), the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74), the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6), the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76), the Continuing Appro-priations Resolution, 2015 (Public Law 113– 164), the Consolidated and Further Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235), the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 114–4), and the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–53); (3) finds that the detention facility at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, is the optimal location to house dan-gerous foreign enemy combatants and should not be closed; (4) asserts that any potential transfer or release of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, to the United States homeland represents a threat to United States national security due to the risk of providing law of war detainees with rights and protections under the United States Constitution, including the potential for release into the United States, and, par-ticularly, a threat to the safety and security of local communities in the States of Kan-sas, Colorado, and South Carolina; and (5) demands that the President imme-diately abandon any ill-conceived and illegal plans to transfer detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, to the United States homeland without explicit au-thorization from Congress. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 392—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE PROS-ECUTION AND CONVICTION OF FORMER PRESIDENT MOHAMED NASHEED WITHOUT DUE PROC-ESS AND URGING THE GOVERN-MENT OF THE MALDIVES TO TAKE ALL NECESSARY STEPS TO REDRESS THIS INJUSTICE, TO RELEASE ALL POLITICAL PRIS-ONERS, AND TO ENSURE DUE PROCESS AND FREEDOM FROM POLITICAL PROSECUTION FOR ALL THE PEOPLE OF THE MALDIVES Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. R EED, Mr. WHITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 392 Whereas the Maldives is strategically im-portant due to its location, which straddles major trade routes in the Indian Ocean; Whereas increasing civil rights violations in the Maldives fuel instability and pose a threat to regional security; Whereas since January 2015, President Abdulla Yameen of the Maldives has increas-ingly cracked down on dissent within his own party and the political opposition, pre-sided over the erosion of judicial impar-tiality, and put increasing pressure on civil society; Whereas the arrest of former President Mohamed Nasheed in March 2015, was widely condemned as politically motivated, and his conviction and sentence of 13 years in prison has been condemned by Amnesty Inter-national as a ‘‘travesty of justice’’; Whereas in his speech in Sri Lanka on May 2, 2015, Secretary of State John Kerry stated, ‘‘[W]e’ve seen even now how regrettably there are troubling signs that democracy is under threat in the Maldives where the former President Nasheed has been impris-oned without due process. And that is an in-justice that must be addressed soon.’’; and Whereas on September 14, 2015, in his open-ing statement at the 30th session of the United Nations Human Rights Council, United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad said— (1) ‘‘In the Maldives, the rule of law con-tinues to be manipulated for political ends.’’; and (2) in reference to former President Mohamed Nasheed’s detention, ‘‘Given the deeply tainted nature of this case, I urge the Government to release him, and to review several hundred pending criminal cases against opposition supporters in relation to protests in recent months.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses profound concern over the prosecution and conviction of former Presi-dent Mohamed Nasheed without due process; and (2) urges the Government of the Maldives to take all necessary steps— (A) to redress this injustice; (B) to release all political prisoners; and (C) to ensure due process and freedom from political prosecution for all the people of the Maldives. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 393—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF MULTIPLE SCLE-ROSIS AWARENESS WEEK Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 393 Whereas multiple sclerosis (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘MS’’) can impact individ-uals of all ages, races, and ethnicities but is at least 2 to 3 times more common in women than in men; Whereas there are approximately 2,300,000 individuals worldwide who have been diag-nosed with MS; Whereas MS is typically diagnosed in indi-viduals between the ages of 20 and 50, but it is estimated that between 8,000 and 10,000 children and adolescents are living with MS in the United States; Whereas MS is an unpredictable neuro-logical disease that interrupts the flow of in-formation both within the brain and between the brain and the rest of the body; Whereas symptoms of MS range from numbness and tingling in the extremities to blindness and paralysis, and the progress, se-verity, and specific symptoms of MS in any 1 person cannot yet be predicted; Whereas there is no laboratory test avail-able that can definitively diagnose MS; Whereas, while MS is not directly inher-ited, studies show that there are genetic and, most likely, environmental factors that make certain individuals, such as Caucasians of Northern European ancestry, more suscep-tible to the disease than others; Whereas the exact cause of MS is still un-known and there is no cure; Whereas the Multiple Sclerosis Coalition, a national network of independent MS organi-zations dedicated to the enhancement of the quality of life for all those affected by MS, recognizes and supports Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; Whereas the mission of the Multiple Scle-rosis Coalition is to increase opportunities for cooperation among MS organizations and to provide greater opportunity for the effec-tive use and development of resources for the benefit of individuals and families affected by MS; Whereas the United States plays a critical role in coordinating MS research globally and amplifies the impact of research in the United States through which results are de-livered to MS patients; Whereas, in 2012, the National Multiple Sclerosis Society was a founding member of the Progressive MS Alliance, which coordi-nates research to accelerate the development of treatments for progressive MS by remov-ing international scientific and techno-logical barriers and which now includes MS societies from 15 countries; Whereas the Multiple Sclerosis Coalition recognizes and supports Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week during March of every cal-endar year; Whereas the goals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week are to invite people to join the movement to end MS, encourage every-one to do something to demonstrate a com-mitment to moving toward a world free of MS, and acknowledge those who have dedi-cated time and talent to help promote MS research and programs; and Whereas, in 2016, Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week is recognized during the week of March 7 through March 11: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Mul-tiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; (2) encourages States, localities, and the territories and possessions of the United States to support the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week by issuing proclamations designating Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; (3) encourages media organizations to— (A) participate in Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; and (B) help provide education to the public about multiple sclerosis; (4) commends the efforts of States, local-ities, and the territories and possessions of the United States to support the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; (5) recognizes and reaffirms the commit-ment of the United States to ending multiple sclerosis by— (A) promoting awareness about individuals that are affected by multiple sclerosis; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.012 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1348 March 8, 2016 
(B) supporting multiple sclerosis research and education programs; (6) recognizes all individuals in the United States living with multiple sclerosis; (7) expresses gratitude to the family mem-bers and friends of individuals living with multiple sclerosis, who are a source of love and encouragement to those individuals; and (8) salutes the health care professionals and medical researchers who— (A) provide assistance to individuals af-fected by multiple sclerosis; and (B) continue to work to find ways to stop the progression of the disease, restore nerve function, and end multiple sclerosis forever. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3448. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3448. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 524, to authorize the At-torney General to award grants to ad-dress the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 39, line 5, strike ‘‘opioids.’’ and in-sert ‘‘opioids. Such activities may include supporting the availability of medication as-sisted treatment and other clinically appro-priate services provided by treatment cen-ters that operate 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, to provide immediate access to behav-ioral health treatment.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 8, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 8, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the U.S. Mari-time Industry: The Federal Role.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 8, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 8, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘State De-partment Reauthorization: An Oppor-tunity to Strengthen and Streamline U.S. Diplomacy.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 8, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Homeland Se-curity Department’s Budget Submis-sion for Fiscal Year 2017.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 8, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Airland of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 8, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PERSONNEL  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Personnel of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 8, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to a member of my staff, Lauren Arias. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEVELOPING A STRATEGY TO OB-TAIN OBSERVER STATUS FOR TAIWAN IN THE INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL POLICE ORGANIZA-TION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 358, S. 2426. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2426) to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain ob-server status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2426) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2426 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PARTICIPATION OF TAIWAN IN THE INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL POLICE ORGANIZATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Safety, security and peace is important to every citizen of the world, and shared in-formation ensuring wide assistance among police authorities of nations for expeditious dissemination of information regarding criminal activities greatly assists in these efforts. (2) Direct and unobstructed participation in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation (INTERPOL) is beneficial for all na-tions and their police authorities. Inter-nationally shared information with author-ized police authorities is vital to peace-keeping efforts. (3) With a history dating back to 1914, the role of INTERPOL is defined in its constitu-tion: ‘‘To ensure and promote the widest pos-sible mutual assistance between all criminal police authorities within the limits of the laws existing in the different countries and in the spirit of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.’’. (4) Ongoing international threats, includ-ing international networks of terrorism, show the ongoing necessity to be ever inclu-sive of nations willing to work together to combat criminal activity. The ability of po-lice authorities to coordinate, preempt, and act swiftly and in unison is an essential ele-ment of crisis prevention and response. (5) Taiwan maintained full membership in INTERPOL starting in 1964 through its Na-tional Police Administration but was ejected in 1984 when the People’s Republic of China (PRC) applied for membership. (6) Nonmembership prevents Taiwan from gaining access to INTERPOL’s I–24/7 global police communications system, which pro-vides real-time information on criminals and global criminal activities. Taiwan is rel-egated to second-hand information from friendly nations, including the United States. (7) Taiwan is unable to swiftly share infor-mation on criminals and suspicious activity with the international community, leaving a huge void in the global crime-fighting efforts and leaving the entire world at risk. (8) The United States, in the 1994 Taiwan Policy Review, declared its intention to sup-port Taiwan’s participation in appropriate international organizations and has consist-ently reiterated that support. (9) Following the enactment of Public Law 108–235, a law authorizing the Secretary of State to initiate and implement a plan to en-dorse and obtain observer status for Taiwan at the annual summit of the World Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.014 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1349 March 8, 2016 
Assembly and subsequent advocacy by the United States, Taiwan was granted observer status to the World Health Assembly for six consecutive years since 2009. Both prior to and in its capacity as an observer, Taiwan has contributed significantly to the inter-national community’s collective efforts in pandemic control, monitoring, early warn-ing, and other related matters. (10) INTERPOL’s constitution allows for observers at its meetings by ‘‘police bodies which are not members of the Organization’’. (b) T
AIWAN ’S PARTICIPATION IN  INTERPOL.—The Secretary of State shall— (1) develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in INTERPOL and at other related meetings, activities, and mechanisms thereafter; and (2) instruct INTERPOL Washington to offi-cially request observer status for Taiwan in INTERPOL and to actively urge INTERPOL member states to support such observer sta-tus and participation for Taiwan. (c) R
EPORT CONCERNING OBSERVER STATUS  
FORTAIWAN IN INTERPOL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a report, in unclassified form, de-scribing the United States strategy to en-dorse and obtain observer status for Taiwan in appropriate international organizations, including INTERPOL, and at other related meetings, activities, and mechanisms there-after. The report shall include the following: (1) A description of the efforts the Sec-retary has made to encourage member states to promote Taiwan’s bid to obtain observer status in appropriate international organiza-tions, including INTERPOL. (2) A description of the actions the Sec-retary will take to endorse and obtain ob-server status for Taiwan in appropriate international organizations, including INTERPOL, and at other related meetings, activities, and mechanisms thereafter. f 
COMPETITIVE SERVICE ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate a message to accompany S. 1580. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 1580) entitled ‘‘An Act to allow additional ap-pointing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certificates,’’ do pass with amendment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate concur in the House amendment to S. 1580 and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EDWARD ‘‘TED’’ KAUFMAN AND MICHAEL LEAVITT PRESI-DENTIAL TRANSITIONS IM-PROVEMENTS ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate a message to accompany S. 1172. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 1172) entitled ‘‘An Act to improve the process of presidential transition,’’ do pass with an amendment. Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate concur in the House amendment to S. 1172 and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CONGRESSIONAL CHAR-TER OF THE DISABLED AMER-ICAN VETERANS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1755 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1755) to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1755) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HISTORIC ACHIEVEMENT OF ASTRONAUT SCOTT JOSEPH KELLY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. Res. 385 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 385) recognizing the historic achievement of astronaut Scott Jo-seph Kelly of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration as the first person of the United States to complete a continuous 1-year mission in space. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 385) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 3, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 113, which is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 113) authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collec-tively to the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the ‘‘Borinqueneers.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 113) was agreed to. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF MULTIPLE SCLE-ROSIS AWARENESS WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 393, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 393) supporting the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 393) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 9; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business for 1 hour, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08MR6.021 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1350 March 8, 2016 
equally divided, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half; further, that following morning busi-ness, the Senate resume consideration of S. 524; further, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on amendment No. 3378 expire at 12 noon; finally, that the time following morning business until 12 noon be equally divided between the two managers or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:32 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, March 9, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Mar 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08MR6.040 S08MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
D226 Tuesday, March 8, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1323–S1350 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2648–2654, and S. Res. 391–393.
                                               Pages S1344–45 
Measures Reported: S. 779, to provide for Federal agencies to develop public access policies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds adminis-tered by that agency, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–224) 
                                                                                            Page S1344 
Measures Passed: Observer Status for Taiwan in INTERPOL: Senate passed S. 2426, to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Or-ganization.
                                                             Pages S1348–49 
Disabled American Veterans Congressional Charter: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1755, to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain im-provements in the congressional charter of the Dis-abled American Veterans, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S1349 
Astronaut Scott Joseph Kelly: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 385, recognizing the historic achievement of astronaut Scott Joseph Kelly of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration as the first person of the United States to complete a continuous 1-year mis-sion in space, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S1349 
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Sen-ate agreed to H. Con. Res. 113, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collectively to the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the ‘‘Borinqueneers’’.
                          Page S1349 Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 393, supporting the goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week. 
                                                                                            Page S1349 
Measures Considered: Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act— Agreement: Senate continued consideration of S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescrip-tion opioid abuse and heroin use, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S1327–41 
Pending: Grassley Amendment No. 3378, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                  Page S1328 
Grassley (for Donnelly/Capito) Modified Amend-ment No. 3374 (to Amendment No. 3378), to pro-vide follow-up services to individuals who have re-ceived opioid overdose reversal drugs.
            Page S1328 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, March 9, 2016; that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, all post-cloture time on Grassley Amendment No. 3378 (listed above) expire at 12 noon; and that the time following morning business until 12 noon be equally divided between the two managers, or their designees.
                                                   Pages S1349–50 
House Messages: Competitive Service Act: Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to S. 1580, to allow addi-tional appointing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certificates.
               Page S1349 
Edward ‘‘Ted’’ Kaufman and Michael Leavitt Presidential Transitions Improvements Act: Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to S. 1172, to improve the process of presidential transi-tion.
                                                                                  Page S1349 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1343–44 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1345–46 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1346–48 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1342–43 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S1348 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Mar 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR6.REC D08MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D227 March 8, 2016 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1348 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1348 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:32 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, March 9, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S1349–50.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of the Treasury, after receiving testimony from Jack Lew, Secretary, John A. Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, and J. Russell George, In-spector General for Tax Administration, all of the Department of the Treasury. APPROPRIATIONS: CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION AND IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Homeland Security concluded a hearing to examine measuring results and proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for Cus-toms and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, after receiving testimony from Kevin K. McAleenan, Deputy Commissioner, Customs and Border Protection, and Daniel H. Ragsdale, Deputy Director, Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, both of the Department of Homeland Security. APPROPRIATIONS: GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE AND CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch concluded a hearing to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Government Accountability Office and the Congressional Budget Office, after receiving testimony from Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States, Government Account-ability Office; and Keith Hall, Director, Congres-sional Budget Office. U.S. CENTRAL, AFRICA, AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMANDS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Central Command, United States Africa Command, and United States Special Operations Command, after receiving testi-mony from General Lloyd J. Austin III, USA, Com-mander, United States Central Command, General David M. Rodriguez, USA, Commander, United States Africa Command, and General Joseph L. Votel, USA, Commander, United States Special Op-erations Command, all of the Department of De-fense. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland concluded a hearing to examine Air Force mod-ernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Darlene J. Costello, Acting Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Lieutenant General Arnold W. Bunch, Jr., USAF, Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisi-tion, Lieutenant General James M. Holmes, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Plans and Re-quirements, and Lieutenant General John W. Ray-mond, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, all of the Department of Defense. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-sonnel concluded a hearing to examine military per-sonnel posture in review of the Defense Authoriza-tion Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant General James C. McConville, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff for Personnel, United States Army, Vice Admiral William F. Moran, USN, Dep-uty Chief of Naval Operations for Manpower, Per-sonnel, Training, and Education, United States Navy, Lieutenant General Mark A. Brilakis, USMC, Deputy Commandant for Manpower and Reserve Af-fairs, United States Marine Corps, and Lieutenant General Gina M. Grosso, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff for Manpower, Personnel, and Services, United States Air Force, all of the Department of Defense; Kathy Roth-Doquet, Blue Star Families; Joyce W. Raezer, National Military Family Association; Scott Bousum, The Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States; and Joseph E. Davis, Veterans of Foreign Wars. U.S. MARITIME INDUSTRY Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security concluded a hearing to examine the state of the United States maritime industry, focusing on the Federal role, after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Mar 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR6.REC D08MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD228 March 8, 2016 
receiving testimony from Paul N. Jaenichen, Admin-istrator, Maritime Administration, Rear Admiral James Helis, USMS, Superintendent, United States Merchant Marine Academy, and Mitchell Behm, As-sistant Inspector General for Surface Transportation Audits, all of the Department of Transportation; and Mario Cordero, Chairman, Federal Maritime Com-mission. FOREST SERVICE BUDGET Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Forest Service, after receiving testimony from Tom Tidwell, Chief, Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture. STATE DEPARTMENT REAUTHORIZATION Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine State Department reauthoriza-tion, focusing on an opportunity to strengthen and streamline United States diplomacy, after receiving testimony from Heather Higginbottom, Deputy Sec-retary of State for Management and Resources. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY BUDGET Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Homeland Security, after receiving testimony from Jeh Charles Johnson, Secretary of Homeland Security. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 11:30 a.m. on Thursday, March 10, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Indian Health Service, 10 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2017 for the Defense Health Program, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Agriculture, 2 p.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Energy, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of General Joseph L. Votel, USA, for re-appointment to the grade of general and to be Com-mander, United States Central Command, and Lieutenant General Raymond A. Thomas III, USA, to be general and Commander, United States Special Operations Command, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense security cooperation and assistance programs and authori-ties, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold closed hear-ings to examine military space threats and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine cooperative federalism, focusing on state perspectives on Environmental Protection Agency regu-latory actions and the role of states as co-regulators, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 1878, to extend the pediatric priority review voucher program, S. 1077, to provide for expedited development of and priority review for break-through devices, S. 1101, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the regulation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Mar 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR6.REC D08MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D229 March 8, 2016 patient records and certain decision support software, S. 2055, to amend the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to national health security, S. 1767, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to combina-tion products, S. 1597, to enhance patient engagement in the medical product development process, S. 2512, to ex-pand the tropical disease product priority review voucher program to encourage treatments for Zika virus, and the nomination of John B. King, of New York, to be Sec-retary of Education, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-ing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for Indian Country, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold an oversight hearing to exam-ine the enforcement of the antitrust laws, 2 p.m., SD–226. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Mar 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08MR6.REC D08MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD230 March 8, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of S. 524, Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act, with all post-cloture time on Grassley Amendment No. 3378 to expire at 12 noon. Following the disposition of Grassley (for Donnelly/Cap-ito) Modified Amendment No. 3374 (to Amendment No. 3378), and Grassley Amendment No. 3378, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11:30 a.m., Thursday, March 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in pro forma session at 11:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Mar 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08MR6.REC D08MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST