Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5869 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2016 No. 145 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 26, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
AC T
HORNBERRY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
IGELL ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You alone can trace the deepest fault lines of history and read the highest aspirations of the human heart. You fulfill Your promises day by day and lead Your people to greatness. You are the one who asks each of us to live a life worthy of our calling. Be with the Members of the people’s House this day. Give them sound judgment and make them as practical and ‘street wise’ as the American people who sent them here as their representatives. Help them to withstand open criti-cism when they know what is right be-fore You and conscience. Often they are characterized by half-truths and at-tributed motives that are far beneath them. Uphold them at such times, with personal integrity and compassion for those most in need. Having called them to serve others to the best of their ability, lift them even higher by Your grace and power to live and work for Your greater honor and glory, both now and forever. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. STOPPING PRESIDENT FROM CIRCUMVENTING CONGRESS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last week, I was grateful to join Senator T
OMCOTTON from Arkan-sas to introduce a bill which would stop the President from circumventing Congress by signing the U.S. onto the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Trea-ty without the required Senate ap-proval. This legislation is clear. Matters re-lated to nuclear deterrence and na-tional security should be the job of Congress and not an unaccountable, international body. Nuclear deterrence is the basis for preserving peace through strength to protect American families. That is why the legislation pledged to defund the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Organization Pre-paratory Commission if the President relinquished sovereignty over testing of nuclear weapons, putting American families at risk of attack. Just days after introducing the legis-lation, the U.N. Security Council ap-proved a meaningless resolution that merely encourages all nations to sign the ban on nuclear testing weapons around the world. This bill reinforces the Senate’s constitutional authority to approve all international treaties. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
AID FOR FLINT, MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, last week, Republicans introduced a bill that would fund the government for 2
1⁄2 months but does not include any help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.000 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5870 September 26, 2016 
whatsoever for my home community of Flint, Michigan, struggling with water that was poisoned by State govern-ment—no help from Congress, despite the fact that Members of Congress, in both parties, on both sides of the aisle, have expressed their concern, have asked what they can do, and have trav-eled to Flint. The majority held hearings that con-cluded that there was clearly Federal responsibility—this is according to Re-publicans on the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee—Federal re-sponsibility for what took place in Flint. Yet, despite the fact that we are including important provisions to keep the government open and providing re-lief to people in Louisiana who are struggling, which I support, no help for Flint—despite, also, the fact that the language that we are asking to be in-cluded is language that passed the Sen-ate 95–3 and is fully paid for. So those that oppose helping Flint can’t say it is because we can’t afford it, because it is fully paid for, and can’t say it is a local problem, because Re-publicans and Democrats have already concluded that there was a Federal role. The only cost to the Federal Gov-ernment is the cost of printing ink on paper to include this legislation in the continuing resolution. We have to in-clude Flint. 
f 
SECOND ANNIVERSARY OF STU-DENTS’ DISAPPEARANCE IN MEXICO (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 2-year anniversary of the disappearance of 43 students from the Raul Isidro Burgos Rural Teachers’ School in Ayotzinapa, Mexico. Sadly, Mexican authorities have yet to secure any criminal convictions or to uncover the whereabouts of these disappeared students. I strongly urge the Mexican authorities to continue to search for the students, to bring to jus-tice those responsible for the dis-appearance, and to investigate the pos-sible obstruction of justice by public officials. Two years is too long—too long for the students’ grieving families and too long for those of us who care about jus-tice and human rights in Mexico. Let’s not let another anniversary pass with-out answers. 
f 
HONORING THE VICTIMS OF THE CASCADE MALL SHOOTING IN BURLINGTON, WASHINGTON (Mr. LARSEN of Washington asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of the five individuals who were killed this past weekend in a mass shooting at the Cascade Mall in Burlington, Wash-ington. Sarai Lara was a 16-year-old sopho-more at Mount Vernon High School, a cancer survivor, and her mother de-scribed her as her ‘‘right hand.’’ Chuck Eagan was a Boeing mainte-nance worker from Lake Stevens, Washington. He had two daughters. He was planning on retiring next year. Shayla Martin was a 52-year-old from Mount Vernon and a makeup artist at the Macy’s where the shooting took place. Belinda Galde was a 64-year-old from Arlington, Washington. She had served the public for more than two decades as a probation officer at the Snohomish County District Courts. Beatrice Dotson was Belinda’s moth-er. She was 95 years old. I honor these five individuals and ex-press my condolences to their families and their friends, and I honor and I thank the law enforcement officials whose quick investigation led to the capture of the suspected shooter in less than 24 hours. Finally, I offer condolences to the community of Burlington, Washington, which is undoubtedly struggling to make sense of this senseless gun vio-lence that was brought to their door-step. f 
SMALL-SCALE WEATHER RADARS IMPROVE STORM DETECTION (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the scientists at the University of Massachusetts Amherst on their development of small-scale weather radars to improve storm detec-tion. With funding from the National Science Foundation, these researchers developed neighborhood weather radars that have the ability to sense hazards on a street-by-street scale. These devices automatically adapt scans to focus on the most powerful parts of a storm. This innovative sys-tem will save money and lives as it alerts citizens and emergency per-sonnel of impending danger before storms arrive. The researchers developed algo-rithms that pinpoint the exact location and velocity profile of a tornado by converting the information in the time series data on successive radar pulses into velocity data. The real-time infor-mation produced by this system will give researchers clues about weather patterns that will make weather detec-tion even more sophisticated and accu-rate. This and other lifesaving tech-nologies should be the priority of Con-gress and the continued work of sci-entists through the National Science Foundation. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. f 
MENTAL HEALTH FIRST AID ACT OF 2016 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1877) to amend section 520J of the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants for mental health first aid training programs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1877 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mental Health First Aid Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS TRAINING GRANTS. 
Section 520J of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–41) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS ’’ before ‘‘ TRAIN -
ING’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
LLNESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘H EALTH ’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, vet-erans, law enforcement, and other categories of individuals, as determined by the Sec-retary,’’ after ‘‘emergency services per-sonnel’’; (C) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to’’ and inserting ‘‘for evi-dence-based programs that provide education to teachers, personnel, and other categories of individuals described in paragraph (1) on at least’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraphs (A) through (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) recognizing the signs and symptoms of mental illness; and ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) resources available in the community for individuals with a mental illness and other relevant resources; or ‘‘(ii) the safe de-escalation of crisis situa-tions involving individuals with a mental ill-ness.’’; and (D) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘, $25,000,000’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘$14,963,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.003 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5871 September 26, 2016 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1877, the Mental Health First Aid Act of 2016, introduced by the gen-tlewoman from Kansas, Representative L
YNN JENKINS , and the gentlewoman from California, Representative D
ORIS M
ATSUI . This legislation enjoyed broad support on the Energy and Commerce Committee, passing through a full committee markup on a voice vote. The program we are reauthorizing today is an important one. It is a grant program that helps families and indi-viduals in the community, including pastors, first responders, emergency personnel, nurses, teachers, and others to recognize the signs of mental illness. They are also learning how to deesca-late a mental health crisis situation and how to help their neighbors in need connect with resources available for mental health treatment in the com-munity. Finally, H.R. 1877 is fully CutGo compliant. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1877, the Mental Health First Aid Act of 2016. This important legislation would bol-ster our Nation’s efforts to respond to individuals suffering from mental health disorders and crises. It would re-authorize a grant program to train in-dividuals such as teachers, law enforce-ment, and veterans, who are likely to encounter people with mental illness. The training would provide tools to help those individuals detect mental illness and provide the initial response, including connecting individuals with mental illness to mental health treat-ment and service providers in their community. Mental illness can lead to harmful outcomes, and that includes things such as suicide, homelessness, and in-volvement with the criminal justice system. However, access to early inter-vention and treatment services can help an individual recover from their condition and lead a productive life. Despite the availability of evidence- based interventions, we know that there are long delays in individuals seeking treatment after the first onset of a mental health condition, and this legislation hopes to reverse that trend. Mental health awareness training will equip more individuals with the ability to identify the signs and symptoms of mental illness and connect people with mental health treatment and support services. This would help decrease the time from the first onset of mental ill-ness to an individual obtaining the treatment and services that they need. I also encourage my colleagues to support this legislation; but I would like to reiterate that, just like with H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Men-tal Health Crisis Act which awaits ac-tion in the Senate, this is a necessary step, rather than a solution, to improv-ing the mental health system in this country. If we are truly serious about fixing our broken mental health sys-tem, we have to work together to ex-pand access and make sustained invest-ments. So again, I want to thank Represent-atives MATSUI and J ENKINS for their leadership on this issue. I urge my col-leagues to support this important bi-partisan bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Kan-sas (Ms. J
ENKINS ). Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. I thank my friend, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ), for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1877, the Mental Health First Aid Act of 2016. The first step to help someone suf-fering with a mental illness get the help he or she needs is to be able to quickly spot the signs of mental illness and know where to point that friend, colleague, neighbor, or family member. H.R. 1877 will help police, first respond-ers, veterans’ advocates, teachers, and others spot the signs and get people the help they need. It authorizes a grant program that has been included in appropriations bills the past few years and enjoyed great support from Congress and the public. The grant money will go to fund State Bureaus of Prisons, vet-erans’ advocacy groups, EMT and EMS teams, police officers, and firefighters. These important groups will be edu-cated in spotting signs of mental ill-ness in the people they work and live with so they can find help for these in-dividuals. We hear about the state of our men-tal health system every day and the state of the VA dealing with injured veterans. We hear about police and first responders called to a scene where someone has become dangerous and they are not sure the best way to re-spond. H.R. 1877 will help those people know how to respond so that the situa-tion can stay in control and the risk of harm to folks is lessened. b1415 The kinds of education programs that this legislation will provide au-thorization for have been shown to be effective and efficient at teaching peo-ple the signs of mental illness and how to drop the stigma of that illness so that someone in need can get help. I am glad that we have decided to take action here today. It is well known that this piece of legislation has been one of my top pri-orities since coming to Congress, and I am thankful to my colleagues on the House Committee on Energy and Com-merce, Chairman U
PTON and Congress-woman M
ATSUI , for taking it up and supporting it. Congresswoman M
ATSUI  and I worked on this bill because we both saw the need for training in com-munities so that people in a position to do so could help those suffering with mental illness. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, again, I encourage support of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, many Americans know someone who is struggling with a mental illness . . . but we often do not know how to help. For too long . . . stigma has prevented us from seeking the lifesaving information we need to best help someone experiencing a mental health crisis. By equipping our first responders . . . law enforcement personnel . . . and educators with training and knowledge . . . Mental Health First Aid courses are helping break down barriers and de-escalate crises in our communities. We have seen positive results from these courses in Sacramento . . . and across the country. By passing H.R. 1877 today . . . we reauthorize important grant funding that will allow for the implementation of the Mental Health First Aid model nationally. I want to thank Congresswoman LYNN JEN-
KINS for her work on this important legislation. Today represents one step forward in our ef-forts to address the mental health crisis in this country. Yet . . . the need for comprehensive reform remains. We need to put adequate resources toward our behavioral health workforce . . . and en-sure parity between physical and mental health care for all Americans. I will continue to strongly advocate for a legislative framework that supports this entire spectrum of care . . . and I urge my colleagues to join me in those efforts. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1877, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DANGEROUS SYNTHETIC DRUG CONTROL ACT OF 2016 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3537) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how con-trolled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3537 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dangerous Syn-thetic Drug Control Act of 2016’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.005 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5872 September 26, 2016 
SEC. 2. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN DESIGNER DRUGS AS SCHEDULE I CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES. 
(a) C ANNABIMIMETIC AGENTS .—Schedule I, as set forth in section 202(c) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)), is amended in subsection (d)(2)(B)— (1) in clause (xiv) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (xv) by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xvi) 2-(2-methylphenyl)-1-(1-pentyl-1H- indol-3-yl)ethanone (JWH–251); ‘‘(xvii) (1-butyl-1H-indol-3-yl)(4- methylnaphthalen-1-yl)methanone (4 ′-methyl JWH–073); ‘‘(xviii) 2-(3-methoxyphenyl)-1-(1-pentyl-1H- indol-3-yl)ethanone (JWH–302); ‘‘(xix) N-(adamantan-1-yl)-1-(5-fluoropentyl)- 1H-indole-3-carboxamide (5F–APICA); ‘‘(xx) quinolin-8-yl 1-(5-fluoropentyl)-1H- indole-3-carboxylate (5F–PB–22); ‘‘(xxi) N-(1-amino-3-methyl-1-oxobutan-2-yl)- 1-pentyl-1H-indazole-3-carboxamide (AB– PINACA); ‘‘(xxii) N-(naphthalen-1-yl)-1-pentyl-1H- indole-3-carboxamide (MN–24); ‘‘(xxiii) (1-(5-fluoropentyl)-1H-indazol-3- yl)(naphthalen-1-yl)methanone (THJ–2201); ‘‘(xxiv) N-(1-amino-3,3-dimethyl-1-oxobutan-2- yl)-1-pentyl-1H-indazole-3-carboxamide (ADBICA); ‘‘(xxv) methyl 2-(1-(5-fluoropentyl)-1H-inda-zole-3-carboxamido)-3-methylbutanoate (5F– AMB); and ‘‘(xxvi) methyl 2-(1-(cyclohexylmethyl)-1H-in-dazole-3-carboxamido)-3-methylbutanoate (MA– CHMINACA).’’. (b) S
YNTHETIC OPIOIDS .—Schedule I, as set forth in section 202(c) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)), is amended in subsection (a) by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(43) Butyryl fentanyl. ‘‘(44) beta-Hydroxythiofentanyl. ‘‘(45) Acetyl fentanyl.’’. (c) O
THER DRUGS.—Schedule I, as set forth in section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)), is amended in subsection (c) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(29) 1-(naphthalen-1-yl)-2-(pyrrolidin-1- yl)pentan-1-one (α-naphyrone). ‘‘(30) 1-(2,3-dihydrobenzofuran-5-yl)propan-2- amine (5–APDB). ‘‘(31) 1-(2,3-dihydrobenzofuran-6-yl)propan-2- amine (6–APDB). ‘‘(32) 6,7-dihydro-5H-indeno[5,6-d][1,3]dioxol- 6-amine (MDAI). ‘‘(33) 5-iodo-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-2-amine (5– IAI). ‘‘(34) 1-(4-bromofuro[2,3-f]benzofuran-8- yl)propan-2-amine (bromo-dragonfly). ‘‘(35) 1-(4-chloro-2,5-dimethoxyphenyl)propan- 2-amine (DOC). ‘‘(36) 1-(4-ethoxy-2,5- dimethoxyphenyl)propan-2-amine (MEM).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3537, the Dangerous Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2016. I want to spe-cifically acknowledge Congressman DENTfrom Pennsylvania and Congress-man K
ATKO from New York for their tireless leadership on this issue and the teamwork it took to get this bill through the House Committee on En-ergy and Commerce and to the floor today. According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, the DEA, abuse and misuse of designer synthetic drugs is an ongoing threat to public health and safety. These chemical compounds are often designed in overseas laboratories to mimic the effects of illicit drugs and known controlled substances. Crimi-nals who develop and market them in communities across our country have been able to stay one step ahead of the DEA since—while they are designed to closely resemble controlled sub-stances—they are not currently sched-uled. H.R. 3537 will add 22 such compounds to schedule I of the Controlled Sub-stances Act, immediately strength-ening the DEA’s ability to take swift action and get them off our streets. The compounds on this list include those that are marketed as K2, or Spice, as well as fentanyl derivatives estimated to be 100 times more power-ful than morphine and linked to many overdoses and deaths. In addition to the DEA, I would like to thank the Office of National Drug Control Policy, FDA, NIH, and those in the research community who helped re-view and revise this list of synthetics as part of the legislative process. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 26, 2016. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : I write with re-spect to H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Con-trol Act of 2015,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 3537 that fall with-in the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 3537 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3537 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 3537. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 26, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Syn-thetic Drug Control Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, there are provisions of the bill that fall within the Committee on the Judiciary’s Rule X jurisdiction. I appreciate your willingness to forgo con-sideration of H.R. 3537, and I agree that your decision is not a waiver of any of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary’s jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves for-ward. In addition, I understand that the Committee reserves the right to seek the ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and you will have my support for any such request. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 3537. Sincerely, F
REDUPTON , Chairman. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3537, the Dangerous Synthetic Drug Control Act, is bipartisan legisla-tion sponsored by Mr. D
ENTof Pennsyl-vania and also by Congressman J
IM H
IMES of Connecticut. It is a targeted approach to addressing the latest threat from synthetic substances that is causing dangerous drug abuse across our communities, and I support its swift passage. Sadly, stories of adults and teenagers abusing synthetic substances to get high have become all too common and have resulted in individuals either harming themselves or others. These drugs are extremely unsafe and can cause convulsions, anxiety attacks, hallucinations, psychotic episodes, and, in some instances, death. The rise of synthetic drug use is an issue we have been dealing with for many years now in my home State of New Jersey. Frightening increases in overdoses and deaths throughout the State from so-called designer drugs led New Jersey to permanently ban syn-thetic marijuana in 2012. However, syn-thetic marijuana, commonly referred to as ‘‘K2’’ or ‘‘Spice,’’ is still being sold illegally in my State and others and sends many to the emergency room every week. Last year, according to data from the American Association of Poison Control Centers, New Jersey logged 142 emergency calls, the ninth- most in the Nation, for exposure to synthetic marijuana. Despite the devastating impact of these substances, they are, unfortu-nately, not illegal and, as a result, are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.003 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5873 September 26, 2016 
too readily available. Under its current authority, the Drug Enforcement Agency, or DEA, has difficulty taking action against manufacturers of these substances. By swiftly engineering and reengineering these synthetic com-pounds, manufacturers have been able to avoid regulation under the Con-trolled Substances Act. H.R. 3537 would schedule a narrow list of 22 synthetic substances, includ-ing 11 used to create synthetic mari-juana, and three derivatives of fentanyl—a synthetic opioid that is more powerful than morphine. This targeted legislation was developed with input from the DEA, the Department of Health and Human Services, the Na-tional Institute on Drug Abuse, and the Office of National Drug Control Policy to ensure that these substances with known abuse potential have no thera-peutic value and, therefore, should be appropriately moved to schedule I. I believe that this legislation will en-able the DEA to take needed enforce-ment actions against manufacturers of these dangerous substances. While the bill does not address the broader concerns that have been raised related to access to schedule I sub-stances for research purposes, I am committed to continuing to work with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, as well as the administration, and stakeholders to find ways we can streamline the registration process for legitimate research purposes. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3537. I thank, again, Congressman H
IMES, and I look forward to continue to work with my colleagues to reduce the availability of dangerous synthetic substances. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT). Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman U
PTON ; Ranking Member P
ALLONE ; Messrs. G UTHRIE , K
ATKO , and H IMES; ELEANOR HOLMES  N
ORTON ; and Congressman J OLLY , all for helping to bring this bipartisan bill up today in order to officially identify these dangerous synthetic substances and address the public health crisis presented by their continued prolifera-tion throughout the country. I have been working for several years to bring attention to the very serious threat that synthetic drugs pose to the health and safety of communities both within Pennsylvania and across our Nation. Although initially successful after placing a number of synthetic cannabinoids on schedule I and enhanc-ing the DEA’s authorities to protect the public from these drugs through legislation that was signed into law in 2012, we have begun to see a renewed rise in both the number of new sub-stances on the streets and the number of victims affected by these products. This bill simply adds 22 compounds to schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act, and these are, frankly, the very worst of the worst compounds out there. The products targeted by this bill are primarily labeled as synthetic mari-juana, bath salts, or synthetic opioids, which are sold under the labels like K2, Spice, and Flakka that allow them to be marketed to unsuspecting young people and some of the most vulnerable members of our society. Through modifications to the chem-ical formulas of these drugs, their over-seas manufacturers have been able to continue to push them on to victims under the false impression that they are safe, despite often being even more potent than the drugs they are de-signed to mimic. Without action—like the step we are taking here today to pass this critical bill and designate these substances as the dangerous and abusive products that they are—we will continue to see more overdoses, more victims, and, sadly, more deaths. Just this month, there was a grue-some killing in my district that was fueled by the ingestion of the synthetic drug known as Flakka—absolutely gruesome. My friend, Congressman HIMES, can talk about a situation very close to him, too, where there was a tragedy. Unfortunately, data from our health centers, law enforcement entities, and poison control offices show that such cases have become more and more prevalent around the country, and I ap-plaud this proactive action to stop fur-ther proliferation. I should note that when we passed a law in 2012, we did shut down so much of these synthetic drugs that were being sold. We shut it down. But these folks overseas have figured out ways to reformulate these compounds, and this problem is back with us today again. We had shut it down. It is back with us, and this is a step that we are taking. So, again, I would also like to thank all of these bipartisan cosponsors for their partnership in this effort and their commitment to work together to address this public health epidemic by getting these dangerous substances off the streets. Finally, I would like to mention one other thing, too—that this bill has gone through an extensive regular order process. There has been a hear-ing, subcommittee markup, and a full committee markup. The bill is the re-sult of negotiations between the DEA, researchers, and many others. Organi-zations like the American Hospital As-sociation, the American College of Emergency Room Physicians, the Fra-ternal Order of Police, the National As-sociation of Convenience Stores, and Former Special Agents of the FBI all support and endorse this bill. So, finally, I urge my colleagues to support passage of this important leg-islation today so we can save lives. I will continue my efforts to educate the public about the dangers of these syn-thetic drugs and to protect our commu-nities. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), the Democratic sponsor of the bill. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
ALLONE for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Dangerous Synthetic Drug Con-trol Act, which will reclassify 22 dan-gerous synthetic substances as sched-ule I substances subject to the control and enforcement associated with sched-ule I substances. Mr. Speaker, the community I rep-resent, like every community rep-resented in this Chamber, has been vis-ited by the tragedy of fatal drug overdoses. We know the statistics na-tionally—opioid deaths are in the 30,000 neighborhood. That is a tragedy around the country. The substances that we reclassify today include some of the fentanyl sub-stances that are often associated with the most gruesome overdoses often mixed with heroin. My colleagues will remember that fentanyl is the drug actually respon-sible for the overdose death of the mu-sician Prince and, sadly, is pervasive through our communities. The synthetic drugs that are being scheduled today through this bill are particularly pernicious because they are marketed often in corner retail es-tablishments and often in ways de-signed to appeal to young people in col-ored packages with names like K2 and Spice, clearly targeting our youngest constituents. We are engaged, of course, in a cat- and-mouse game with the producers of these substances because as soon as a substance is scheduled, a chemist somewhere figures out a slight alter-ation to the formula in such a way that now they have a drug which is untested and unproven but mimics some of the effects of a scheduled drug; but we have no idea what the effects are, and all too often those effects can be devastating to the individual using them. b1430 This bill, again, will take 22 of those dangerous substances and classify them into schedule I. This is going to make my community in southwestern Connecticut safer, and it will make communities throughout this country safer. I really want to thank, in particular, Congressman D
ENT for his very hard work on this, and Chairman U
PTON and Ranking Member P
ALLONE for expe-diting this bill in a way that I know is going to make a very positive dif-ference in our communities. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I en-courage the adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3537, the so-called Dan-gerous Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.009 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5874 September 26, 2016 
The legislation would add 22 synthetic drugs to Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act. While some of these drugs may be in-deed dangerous to the public, we know very little about many of them and adding them to Schedule I would seriously hinder research. Furthermore, by adding these synthetic drugs to Schedule I, the legislation would sig-nificantly expand the mandatory minimum found in title 21, section 841(b)(1)(C) of the U.S. Code. If an individual is convicted of sell-ing, distributing, or making one of these drugs, he would be subject to a 20 year mandatory minimum sentence if someone is seriously in-jured or dies from using these drugs. And it doesn’t stop there. Adding these syn-thetic drugs to Schedule I would also subject this 20 year mandatory minimum to other indi-viduals that may get wrapped up in a drug conspiracy, per title 21, section 846. Tech-nically, a girlfriend that takes a phone mes-sage or drives her drug dealer boyfriend to a drug deal for one of these synthetic drugs could be included in the boyfriend’s drug con-spiracy and be subject to the same 20 year mandatory minimum if someone is seriously injured or dies from using the drugs involved in the conspiracy. An individual who has intentionally sold, dis-tributed, or manufactured these synthetic drugs, if they are indeed dangerous, should be held criminally responsible if someone is harmed or dies using them. However, I believe a judge, not Congress, should be the one de-termining the sentence based on the individual facts and circumstances. For decades now, research and evidence has demonstrated that mandatory minimums are ineffective deterrents, waste the taxpayers’ money, force judges to impose irrational sen-tences, and discriminate against minorities, particularly with regards to drug offenses. Un-fortunately, there are already too many man-datory minimums in the federal code. Mr. Speaker, many Americans wonder how low level drug offenders get decades long sentences. It’s because of bills like this that there are thousands of low level, non-violent, first time offenders serving decades behind bars. If we ever expect to do anything about that problem and actually address the drivers of mass incarceration generally, the first step we have to take is to stop passing new man-datory minimums or bills that expand existing mandatory minimums. The mandatory mini-mums in the code today did not get there all at once—they got there one at a time, each one part of a larger bill, which on balance might have been a good idea. Therefore, the only way to stop passing new mandatory mini-mums is to stop passing bills that contain mandatory minimums. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote No on H.R. 3537. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote against H.R. 3537. No doubt many of these substances are horrific, and none of us wants to see people abusing them. DEA can act on these drugs, has a process to do it, and should start down that path immediately. However, if we are going to deal with Sched-ule I, the first thing we should do is eliminate marijuana from Schedule I, which enabled the failed policy of prohibition. Political inter-ference is what got us here in the first place, and we should fix it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3537, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
CLARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF ELECTRONIC SALES OF LIVE-STOCK ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5883) to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the du-ties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through on-line, video, or other electronic meth-ods, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5883 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clarification of Treatment of Electronic Sales of Live-stock Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF MARKET AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 301(c) of the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (7 U.S.C. 201(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and in-serting a period; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Be-ginning on the date of the enactment of the Clarification of Treatment of Electronic Sales of Livestock Act of 2016, such term in-cludes any person who engages in the busi-ness of buying or selling livestock, on a com-mission or other fee basis, through the use of online, video, or other electronic methods when handling or providing the means to handle receivables or proceeds from such buying or selling, so long as such person’s annual average of online, video, or electronic sales of livestock, on a commission or other fee basis, exceeds $250,000.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 301 of the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (7 U.S.C. 201) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subsection (a), by striking ‘‘When used in this Act—’’ and inserting ‘‘In this Act:’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting a period; and (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘weighting’’ and inserting ‘‘weighing’’; and (B) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period. 
SEC. 3. METHODS TO TRANSFER FUNDS. 
Section 409(a) of the Packers and Stock-yards Act, 1921 (7 U.S.C. 228b(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in the first proviso, by striking ‘‘shall wire transfer funds to the seller’s account’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘shall transfer funds for the full amount of the pur-chase price to the account of the seller by wire, electronic funds transfer, or any other expeditious method determined appropriate by the Secretary’’; and (2) in the second proviso, by striking ‘‘or dealer shall wire transfer funds’’ and insert-ing ‘‘or dealer shall transfer funds for the full amount of the purchase price by wire, electronic funds transfer, or any other expe-ditious method determined appropriate by the Secretary’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETER -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5883, the Clarification of Treatment of Elec-tronic Sales of Livestock Act of 2016. The bill before us today makes sim-ple, targeted reforms to an outdated statute in order to make it compatible with new practices that have come about because of advances in tech-nology. The Packers and Stockyards Act was enacted to protect buyers and sellers of livestock from unfair, deceptive, and discriminatory practices. However, the statute has not undergone a thorough revision since being enacted in 1921, re-sulting in various outdated require-ments. To account for the current practices that businesses use to buy and sell live-stock, H.R. 5883 makes clarifying modi-fications, ensuring that the protections of the Packers and Stockyards Act apply to those who buy and sell live-stock online on a commission or other fee basis. The Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921 references only two forms of pay-ment methods acceptable under the act’s prompt payment requirements— checks and wire transfers. To update this provision, the bill adds electronic transfer of funds to the list of accept-able methods of payment and gives the Secretary the flexibility to approve other new methods of payment as deemed appropriate. These commonsense changes are sup-ported by the vast majority of the live-stock community—in fact, we know of no opposition—and were unanimously supported by my colleagues on the House Agriculture Committee. I urge my colleagues to support these important modifications with their vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.012 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5875 September 26, 2016 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5883 makes a very narrow fix to help bring the Packers and Stockyards Act to the 21st cen-tury. The bill is the result of a thorough review of the act to identify areas for modernization. The committee worked with the industry to provide clarity in the law regarding certain practices re-lated to online transactions in the live-stock markets. H.R. 5883 passed the Ag-riculture Committee by voice vote and has the support of seven major agri-culture organizations. Again, this is a very straightforward bill, providing for minor, technical changes to the Packers and Stockyards Act. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I want to again urge all of my colleagues in this Chamber to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5883, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM TRAILS STEWARDSHIP ACT Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass bill (H.R. 845) to direct the Secretary of Agri-culture to publish in the Federal Reg-ister a strategy to significantly in-crease the role of volunteers and part-ners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 845 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Forest System Trails Stew-ardship Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings. Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. National forest system trails volun-teer and partnership strategy. Sec. 5. Priority trail maintenance program. Sec. 6. Cooperative agreements. Sec. 7. Stewardship credits for outfitters and guides. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) The National Forest System features a world-class trail system with over 157,000 miles of trails that provide world-class op-portunities for hiking, horseback riding, hunting, mountain bicycling, motorized ve-hicles, and other outdoor activities. (2) According to the Government Account-ability Office, the Forest Service is only able to maintain about one-quarter of National Forest System trails to the agency standard, and the agency faces a trail maintenance backlog of $314,000,000, and an additional backlog of $210,000,000 in annual mainte-nance, capital improvements, and oper-ations. (3) The lack of maintenance on National Forest System trails threatens access to public lands, and may cause increased envi-ronmental damage, threaten public safety, and increase future maintenance costs. (4) Federal budget limitations require solu-tions to National Forest System trail main-tenance issues that make more efficient use of existing resources. (5) Volunteers, partners, and outfitters and guides play an important role in maintaining National Forest System trails, and a com-prehensive strategy is needed to ensure that volunteers and partners are used as effec-tively as possible. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATIVE UNIT .—The term ‘‘Ad-ministrative Unit’’ means a national forest or national grassland. (2) O
UTFITTER OR GUIDE .—The term ‘‘out-fitter or guide’’ means an individual, organi-zation, or business who provides outfitting or guiding services, as defined in section 251.51 of title 36, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (3) P
ARTNER .—The term ‘‘partner’’ means a non-Federal entity that engages in a part-nership. (4) P
ARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘‘partnership’’ means arrangements between the Depart-ment of Agriculture or the Forest Service and a non-Federal entity that are voluntary, mutually beneficial, and entered into for the purpose of mutually agreed upon objectives. (5) P
RIORITY AREA .—The term ‘‘priority area’’ means a well-defined region on Na-tional Forest System land selected by the Secretary under section 5(a). (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (7) S
TRATEGY .—The term ‘‘strategy’’ means the National Forest System Trails Volunteer and Partnership Strategy authorized by sec-tion 4(a). (8) T
RAIL MAINTENANCE .—The term ‘‘trail maintenance’’ means any activity to main-tain the usability and sustainability of trails within the National Forest System, includ-ing— (A) ensuring trails are passable by the users for which they are managed; (B) preventing environmental damage re-sulting from trail deterioration; (C) protecting public safety; and (D) averting future deferred maintenance costs. (9) V
OLUNTEER .—The term ‘‘volunteer’’ means an individual whose services are ac-cepted by the Secretary without compensa-tion under the Volunteers in the National Forests Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a et seq.). 
SEC. 4. NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM TRAILS VOL-UNTEER AND PARTNERSHIP STRAT-EGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in trail maintenance. (b) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—The strategy re-quired by subsection (a) shall— (1) augment and support the capabilities of Federal employees to carry out or contribute to trail maintenance; (2) provide meaningful opportunities for volunteers and partners to carry out trail maintenance in each region of the Forest Service; (3) address the barriers to increased vol-unteerism and partnerships in trail mainte-nance identified by volunteers, partners, and others; (4) prioritize increased volunteerism and partnerships in trail maintenance in those regions with the most severe trail mainte-nance needs, and where trail maintenance backlogs are jeopardizing access to National Forest lands; and (5) aim to increase trail maintenance by volunteers and partners by 100 percent by the date that is 5 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (c) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—As a compo-nent of the strategy, the Secretary shall study opportunities to improve trail mainte-nance by addressing opportunities to use fire crews in trail maintenance activities in a manner that does not jeopardize firefighting capabilities, public safety, or resource pro-tection. Upon a determination that trail maintenance would be advanced by use of fire crews in trail maintenance, the Sec-retary shall incorporate these proposals into the strategy, subject to such terms and con-ditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary. (d) V
OLUNTEER LIABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3 of the Volun-teers in the National Forests Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558c) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) For the purposes of subsections (b), (c), and (d), the term ‘volunteer’ includes a person providing volunteer services to the Secretary who— ‘‘(1) is recruited, trained, and supported by a cooperator under a mutual benefit agree-ment with the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) performs such volunteer services under the supervision of the cooperator as directed by the Secretary in the mutual benefit agreement, including direction that speci-fies— ‘‘(A) the volunteer services to be performed by the volunteers and the supervision to be provided by the cooperator; ‘‘(B) the applicable project safety stand-ards and protocols to be adhered to by the volunteers and enforced by the cooperator; and ‘‘(C) the on-site visits to be made by the Secretary, when feasible, to verify that vol-unteers are performing the volunteer serv-ices and the cooperator is providing the su-pervision agreed upon.’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall adopt regula-tions implementing this section. These regu-lations shall ensure that the financial risk from claims or liability associated with vol-unteers undertaking trail maintenance is shared by all administrative units. (e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop the strategy in consultation with vol-unteer and partner trail maintenance organi-zations, a broad array of outdoor recreation stakeholders, and other relevant stake-holders. (f) V
OLUNTEER AND PARTNERSHIP COORDINA -
TION.—The Secretary shall require each ad-ministrative unit to develop a volunteer and partner coordination implementation plan for the strategy which clearly defines roles and responsibilities for the administrative unit and district staff, and includes strate-gies to ensure sufficient coordination, assist-ance, and support for volunteers and part-ners to improve trail maintenance. (g) R
EPORT .— (1) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary shall prepare a report on— (A) the effectiveness of the strategy in ad-dressing the trail maintenance backlog; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.012 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5876 September 26, 2016 
(B) the increase in volunteerism and part-nership efforts on trail maintenance as a re-sult of the strategy; (C) the miles of National Forest System trails maintained by volunteers and part-ners, and the approximate value of the vol-unteer and partnership efforts; (D) the status of the stewardship credits for outfitters and guides pilot program de-scribed in section 7 that includes the number of participating sites, total amount of the credits offered, estimated value of trail maintenance performed, and suggestions for revising the program; and (E) recommendations for further increas-ing volunteerism and partnerships in trail maintenance. (2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit the report required by paragraph (1) to— (A) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry and the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 5. PRIORITY TRAIL MAINTENANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S ELECTION .—In accordance with sub-sections (b) and (c), not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall select no fewer than 9 and no more than 15 priority areas for increased trail maintenance accom-plishments. (b) C
RITERIA .—Priority areas shall include a well-defined region on National Forest Sys-tem land where the lack of trail mainte-nance has— (1) reduced access to public land; (2) led to an increase, or risk of increase, in harm to natural resources; (3) jeopardized public safety; (4) resulted in trails being impassible by the intended managed users; or (5) increased future deferred trail mainte-nance costs. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In selecting priority areas, the Secretary shall— (1) consider any public input on priority areas received within 3 months of the date of enactment of this Act; (2) consider the range of trail users (includ-ing motorized and non-motorized trail users); and (3) include at least one priority area in each region of the United States Forest Service. (d) I
NCREASED TRAIL MAINTENANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Within 6 months of the se-lection of priority areas under subsection (a), and in accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall develop an approach to sub-stantially increase trail maintenance accom-plishments within each priority area. (2) C
ONTENTS .—In developing the approach under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) consider any public input on trail maintenance priorities and needs within any priority area; (B) consider the costs and benefits of in-creased trail maintenance within each pri-ority area; and (C) incorporate partners and volunteers in the trail maintenance. (3) R
EQUIRED TRAIL MAINTENANCE .—Uti- lizing the approach developed under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall substantially increase trail maintenance within each pri-ority area. (e) C
OORDINATION .—The regional volunteer and partnership coordinators may be respon-sible for assisting partner organizations in developing and implementing volunteer and partnership projects to increase trail main-tenance within priority areas. (f) REVISION .—The Secretary shall periodi-cally review the priority areas to determine whether revisions are necessary and may re-vise the priority areas, including the selec-tion of new priority areas or removal of ex-isting priority areas, at his sole discretion. 
SEC. 6. COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into a cooperative agreement with any State, tribal, local governmental, and pri-vate entity to carry out this Act. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Cooperative agreements au-thorized under this section may— (1) improve trail maintenance in a priority area; (2) implement the strategy; or (3) advance trail maintenance in a manner deemed appropriate by the Secretary. 
SEC. 7. STEWARDSHIP CREDITS FOR OUTFITTERS AND GUIDES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Within 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, in accord-ance with this section, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program on not less than 20 administrative units to offset all or part of the land use fee for an outfitting and guiding permit by the cost of the work performed by the permit holder to construct, improve, or maintain National Forest System trails, trailheads, or developed sites that support public use under terms established by the Secretary. (b) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In estab- lishing the pilot program authorized by sub-section (a), the Secretary shall— (1) select administrative units where the pilot program will improve trail mainte-nance; and (2) establish appropriate terms and condi-tions, including meeting National Quality Standards for Trails and the Trail Manage-ment Objectives identified for the trail. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETER -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 845, the Na-tional Forest System Trails Steward-ship Act. In 2013, the Government Account-ability Office released a report that recognized the importance of volun-teers for trail maintenance and rec-ommended taking steps to improve management of volunteers. The Forest Service is facing a whopping $500 mil-lion backlog in trail maintenance costs—$500 million. H.R. 845 would require the Forest Service to produce a national strategy to maximum use of volunteers and partners for trail maintenance. Using eager volunteers across the Nation in the remediation of our deteriorating national Forest Service trails is a cost- effective solution. More than 50 diverse recreation and conservation groups re-quested Congress act to enable volun-teers to do more, from the Wilderness Society to the American Motorcyclist Association. I would like to thank my colleague, Representative LUMMIS , for sponsoring this bill, and my fellow committee members, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. T
HOMPSON , and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM , for their support of H.R. 845. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan legislation so we can utilize on-the-ground volun-teer efforts to improve Forest Service trails and decrease the costly trail maintenance backlog. Refocusing on volunteers and partners to help the Forest Service is a commonsense way of making progress on the backlog and opening up these trails to public ac-cess. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 845, National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act, which was recently ordered to be reported by the Committee on Agri-culture. As you are aware, the bill also was referred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, as the bill contains provisions with-in the Rule X jurisdiction of the Natural Re-sources Committee. In the interest of permitting you to pro-ceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this very important bill, this Committee agrees to discharge from further consider-ation of H.R. 845. I do so with the under-standing that the Natural Resources Com-mittee does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matter con-tained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also request that you urge the Speaker to name members of the Natural Resources Committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 845 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the coop-erative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding this matter and oth-ers between our respective committees, and congratulations on this significant achieve-ment. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, September 13, 2016. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I appreciate your sup-port in bringing H.R. 845, National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act, before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Natural Resources will forego action on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Natural Resources does not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.006 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5877 September 26, 2016 
waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this bill or similar legisla-tion in the future. In addition, should a con-ference on this bill be necessary, I would sup-port your request to have the Committee on Natural Resources represented on the con-ference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on Natural Resources as this bill moves through the leg-islative process. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 845, the National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act, is a bipartisan bill introduced by Rep-resentative W
ALZ, a member of the Ag-riculture Committee, and Representa-tive L
UMMIS , a former member of the Agriculture Committee. A 2013 GAO Trails Maintenance Re-port found that the Forest Service has a backlog of more than $314 million in trail maintenance, which would be ad-dressed by this legislation. The bill requires that the Forest Service develop a national strategy to double the amount of maintenance work done by volunteers in the next 5 years, ensuring our constituents can continue to use and enjoy these public spaces. The Agriculture Committee approved H.R. 845 by voice vote, and the bill is supported by a wide range of govern-ment, recreation, agriculture, con-servation, sportsmen, and equestrian organizations. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ). Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). I also want to thank my former committee chairman on the House Agriculture Committee, now the ranking member, Mr. P
ETERSON , for his support of this bill, as well as Chair-man C
ONAWAY of the House Agriculture Committee. Mr. Speaker, in the national forests, especially in areas where there have been bark beetle damage, the trees are starting to fall across the trails. I have talked to outfitters who are taking pack trips into the national forests. They are only in there for 2 or 3 days, and when they try to get out they have to chop their way out because so many trees have fallen across the trails, even while they are in the forest. So this maintenance backlog is getting bigger. Mr. Speaker, it makes such sense, practically speaking, when we have a huge budget deficit, to maximize the use of volunteers in the national for-ests to help maintain these trails. Now, they will be able to avail themselves of workers comp, and that is part of the reason that it has taken this bill such a long time to get to the floor. But it came out of the Agriculture Com-mittee unanimously. It is one of the most bipartisan bills in this entire Congress. It has 86 cosponsors in the House and 23 in the Senate. I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ), who is a cosponsor of this bill, for his work. I am hoping he will tell the tale that he encountered this summer when he was hiking in the West. More than 50 diverse recreation conservation groups wanted a way to increase volun-teer efforts in our national forests, in-cluding the National Association of Counties. Mr. Speaker, there are a couple of ad-ditional provisions I want to highlight in this bill. It directs a study be done on utilizing fire crews for maintenance work during off seasons for wildfire, which is a great way for them to maxi-mize, and for us to maximize, their skills in the forests. And it also re-quires the Secretary of Agriculture to identify 9 to 15 priority areas through-out the country to incorporate volun-teers and to increase trail mainte-nance. This bill has broad support. It will produce opportunities for young people to volunteer in our forests. It will allow outfitters and guides to offset some of their permit fees through work on trail maintenance performed by the permit holders to construct, improve, or maintain National Forest System trails, trailheads, or developed sites under supervision of our National Park Service. This is kind of a motherhood and apple pie bill, Mr. Speaker, and it has been my pleasure to work with Mr. W
ALZand the other proponents of this bill to bring it to the floor this after-noon. b1445 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. W
ALZ), a cosponsor of the bill. Mr. WALZ. I thank the gentleman. I echo the statements made by the gentlewoman from Wyoming. First of all, the passion and the work that she and her staff have put into this is thanked by many millions of Americans who use these trails. The gentlewoman has chosen to make this her last session of Congress; so I would like to go on record and say that the people of the great State of Wyoming have been well served by the gentle-woman’s passionate, ethical leadership and by her willingness to put the Na-tion’s business first and get things done. I thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense bill. The Nation’s outdoor industry is a $645-billion-a-year industry which hires 6.1 million Americans. The great bless-ings that we have in this Nation of the most beautiful outdoor areas in the world are a legacy that we want to pass on. One of the issues is accessing those areas. Trail maintenance is absolutely critical. Listen to the groups of people who are behind this. These are pretty impressive and diverse groups of co-sponsors, just to name a few: the Na-tional Association of Counties, the Wil-derness Society, the Western Gov-ernors’ Association, the Back Country Horsemen of America, Trout Unlim-ited, the American Motorcyclist Asso-ciation, the National Wildlife Federa-tion, and it goes on and on and on. The gentlewoman was referencing some-thing that happened. This is a real- world fix to a real-world problem with-out its costing taxpayers money. I had the opportunity this summer to be out at Glacier National Park with my family and to be up on Going-to- the-Sun Road at Logan Pass and, I think, hiking one of the most beautiful stretches on the planet—the Highline Trail. We were out about 16 miles; it was midday; and I had my children, my nephew, and my brother-in-law. We were all there and were enjoying this when we saw two Park Service folks, two young men, over there, working really hard. They had packhorses to pack their stuff in, and they were shor-ing up a trail from the glaciers that was there. I just walked over to them, and they had no idea there were hikers on the trail. I said: I want to thank you both for the work you are doing. They said: If you really want to thank us, have your Congressman call and support Mrs. LUMMIS ’ bill on trail maintenance. I could not have been more shocked to expect that there, but they under-stood the importance of it. They under-stood that they need the help and that the volunteers are there under the guidance and the expertise of the For-est Service. When we cut through some of the red tape, we get people who care about the trails out there, and we fix the problem. I thank the gentlewoman and encour-age the bill’s support. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ). Mrs. LUMMIS. I thank Mr. R
OUZER  for allowing me to do something I should have done, but Mr. W
ALZdid it for me. That is to thank my staff, espe-cially Jimmy Ward, for all of his hard work on this bill. He made sure that we continued to be moving this bill for-ward in his helping us to identify co-sponsors and working with the scoring process, which is what brings us here today; so I want to say a particular thank you to my staff. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 845, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.008 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5878 September 26, 2016 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TRANSIT SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM FLEXIBILITY ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5943) to amend the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commis-sion Act of 2007 to clarify certain al-lowable uses of funds for public trans-portation security assistance grants and establish periods of performance for such grants, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5943 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transit Se-curity Grant Program Flexibility Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ALLOWABLE USES OF FUNDS FOR PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SECURITY AS-SISTANCE GRANTS. 
Subparagraph (A) of section 1406(b)(2) of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135(b)(2); Public Law 110–53) is amended by inserting ‘‘and associated backfill’’ after ‘‘se-curity training’’. 
SEC. 3. PERIODS OF PERFORMANCE FOR PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SECURITY AS-SISTANCE GRANTS. 
Section 1406 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135; Public Law 110–53) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (m) as sub-section (n); and (2) by inserting after subsection (l) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(m) P
ERIODS OF PERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), funds provided pursuant to a grant awarded under this section for a use specified in subsection (b) shall remain avail-able for use by a grant recipient for a period of not fewer than 36 months. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Funds provided pursuant to a grant awarded under this section for a use specified in subparagraph (M) or (N) of subsection (b)(1) shall remain available for use by a grant recipient for a period of not fewer than 55 months.’’. 
SEC. 4. GAO REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the transit security grant program under section 1406 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135; Public Law 110–53). (b) S
COPE.—The review required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the type of projects funded under the transit security grant pro-gram. (2) An assessment of the manner in which such projects address threats to transpor-tation infrastructure. (3) An assessment of the impact, if any, of this Act (including the amendments made by this Act) on types of projects funded under the transit security grant program. (4) An assessment of the management and administration of transit security grant pro-gram funds by grantees. (5) Recommendations to improve the man-ner in which transit security grant program funds address vulnerabilities in transpor-tation infrastructure. (6) Recommendations to improve the man-agement and administration of the transit security grant program. (c) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and again not later than five years after such date of enactment, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the review required under this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We know that terrorists have an in-terest in and a track record of tar-geting mass transit. We saw it in Lon-don, Madrid, and Brussels, and re-cently, again, when a terrorist left a backpack of IEDs at a train station in Elizabeth, New Jersey. We must ensure that our first responders and transit agencies have the tools they need to se-cure our transit systems. That is why I introduced H.R. 5943, the Transit Security Grant Program Flexibility Act. This bill addresses con-cerns that were raised during a June 21 field hearing that the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held in Ranking Member P
AYNE ’s district on prepared-ness for incidents that impact surface transportation. As chairman of the subcommittee, I introduced this legis-lation to ensure action follows our sub-committee’s oversight. Witnesses at this field hearing testi-fied about the importance of the Tran-sit Security Grant Program but found that the period of performance was a challenging time frame to meet, espe-cially for completing vital, large-scale capital security projects. H.R. 5943 ad-dresses this challenge by codifying the period of performance for Transit Secu-rity Grant Program awards at 36 months for the majority of eligible projects and by extending the period of performance for large-scale capital se-curity projects to 55 months. Addition-ally, Transit Security Grant Program awards can be used to provide per-sonnel with security training. Unfortunately, the recipients of these awards are not allowed to use Transit Security Grant Program funds to pay for backfilling personnel who at-tend such training. In some cases, that extra cost at the transit agency has re-sulted in an inability to send staff for security training. My bill will permit Transit Security Grant Program funds to be used for this purpose, which is consistent with other Homeland Secu-rity grant programs. With more than 10 billion riders using surface transportation annually, it is vital that the Transit Security Grant Program provide flexible solu-tions for grant recipients. I am proud to sponsor this bipartisan legislation, which passed out of the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this month. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5943. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5943, the Transit Security Grant Program Flexi-bility Act. Following the March 2016 attacks on mass transit facilities in Brussels, the Committee on Homeland Security’s Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications Subcommittee held a hearing in my district at New Jersey City University to learn more about efforts to secure mass transit do-mestically. The subcommittee heard from Amtrak, New Jersey Transit, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and MTA about what they are doing to keep passengers safe and how the Federal Government can help. Witnesses lamented the drastic re-duction in Transit Security Grant funding from upwards of $385 million in 2008 to only $100 million in 2016. Unfor-tunately, in the current fiscal environ-ment, prospects for restoring this crit-ical funding are not great. Witnesses also testified that the 36-month period of performance limits the ability of transit owners to invest in important security-hardening projects that can-not be completed within that window of time. Fortunately, we can address that problem. H.R. 5943 is a bipartisan bill that would extend the period of performance for transit grant activities that are re-lated to infrastructure hardening to 55 months and would give grantees the flexibility to use the grant money for expenses that are related to covering the costs of staffing backfill for when responders are sent to security train-ing. The threats to our transit infrastruc-ture are real, Mr. Speaker. Two weeks ago, we had a close call outside a train station in Elizabeth, New Jersey, when a backpack containing a bomb was dis-covered by two citizens. Fortunately, they notified law enforcement; and al-though there was an explosion, no one was injured. Police found four other de-vices in the vicinity. H.R. 5943 will help transit owners and operators better ad-dress the threats to our critical trans-portation systems. As such, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.017 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5879 September 26, 2016 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5943 was unanimously approved by the com-mittee on Homeland Security on Sep-tember 13. It recognizes that Transit Security Grant Program grantees can spend their money better and smarter when they have the time necessary to do so. I congratulate my colleague, Mr. D
ONOVAN , on this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5943. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5943. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5943, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDER ACCESS TO INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5460) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish a review process to review applications for cer-tain grants to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national voluntary con-sensus standards, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5460 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Re-sponder Access to Innovative Technologies Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPROVAL OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘If an applicant’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENT .—If an ap- plicant’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW PROCESS .—The Administrator shall implement a uniform process for re-viewing applications that, in accordance with paragraph (1), contain explanations to use grants provided under section 2003 or 2004 to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national voluntary consensus standards developed under section 647 of the Post-Katrina Emer-gency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 747). ‘‘(3) F
ACTORS .—In carrying out the review process under paragraph (2), the Adminis-trator shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) Current or past use of proposed equip-ment or systems by Federal agencies or the Armed Forces. ‘‘(B) The absence of a national voluntary consensus standard for such equipment or systems. ‘‘(C) The existence of an international con-sensus standard for such equipment or sys-tems, and whether such equipment or sys-tems meets such standard. ‘‘(D) The nature of the capability gap iden-tified by the applicant and how such equip-ment or systems will address such gap. ‘‘(E) The degree to which such equipment or systems will serve the needs of the appli-cant better than equipment or systems that meet or exceed existing consensus standards. ‘‘(F) Any other factor determined appro-priate by the Administrator.’’. (b) INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than three years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report as-sessing the implementation of the review process established under paragraph (2) of subsection (f) of section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section), including information on the following: (1) The number of requests to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable consensus standard evaluated under such review process. (2) The capability gaps identified by appli-cants and the number of such requests grant-ed or denied. (3) The processing time for the review of such requests. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I rise in support of H.R. 5460, the First Responder Ac-cess to Innovative Technologies Act, which passed out of my subcommittee with bipartisan support on June 16 and was reported favorably by the Com-mittee on Homeland Security earlier this month. With threats consistently evolving, it is reassuring to see new technology being developed to ensure the safety of our communities and first responders. b1500 However, emerging technology is fre-quently developed faster than vol-untary consensus standards can be im-plemented. Recipients of grants under FEMA’s State Homeland Security Grant Pro-gram and the Urban Areas Security Initiative must procure equipment that meets these standards. Unfortunately, if emerging technology or equipment does not have a voluntary consensus standard and a grant recipient would like to use those funds to purchase such technology, FEMA does not have a uniform review process to consider applications for that equipment. This legislation requires FEMA to develop such a process for reviewing these re-quests. I want to thank the subcommittee’s ranking member, Representative PAYNE , for introducing this common-sense bill. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 5460 because it will ensure first responders have the ability to purchase equipment and emerging technology needed to effectively adapt to the current threat landscape. First responders in multiple jurisdic-tions in New York and New Jersey were recently called upon to respond to a se-ries of improvised explosive devices. It is clear that the threat to our commu-nities is not going away; and we, as Members of Congress, must ensure our first responders can easily access emerging technology without being hampered by unnecessary bureaucracy. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5460, the First Responder Access to Innovative Technologies Act. Mr. Speaker, a week ago, after we ob-served the fifteenth anniversary of the September 11 attacks this month, a disturbed man planted bombs in New York City, in Seaside Park, New Jer-sey, and in Elizabeth, New Jersey. Local law enforcement in my district ultimately apprehended the suspect, but not before a shootout injured two brave officers, Officer Hammer and Of-ficer Padilla of the Linden Police De-partment. In our Nation’s darkest hours, the bravest among us rush into situations everyone else tries to escape. Those heros need the best, most modern tech-nology on the market to do their jobs better and safer. With the help of the private sector, we have made significant strides in de-veloping first responder technology. Nevertheless, first responders cannot use their Homeland Security grant dol-lars to purchase the latest technology unless it meets or exceeds voluntary industry standards, which take years to develop. To ensure that our brave first responders have access to the most modern equipment, the First Re-sponder Access to Innovative Tech-nologies Act directs the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency to develop a transparent process to review re-quests to purchase equipment for which voluntary industry standards do not exist. H.R. 5460 has the support of the Secu-rities Industry Association and was ap-proved by the full committee by voice vote. Mr. Speaker, our first responders are our heros. Time and time again, they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.018 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5880 September 26, 2016 
put themselves in harm’s way to pro-tect their communities. The First Re-sponder Access to Innovative Tech-nologies Act will ensure that our first responders have the technology they need to keep themselves safe as they keep us safe. I want to thank Subcommittee Chairman D
ONOVAN for his support of this measure. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5460. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5460. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5460, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CYBER PREPAREDNESS ACT OF 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5459) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to enhance prepared-ness and response capabilities for cyber attacks, bolster the dissemination of homeland security information related to cyber threats, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5459 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cyber Pre-paredness Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. INFORMATION SHARING. 
Title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) in section 210A (6 U.S.C. 124h)— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (10), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding, in coordination with the national cybersecurity and communications integra-tion center under section 227, accessing time-ly technical assistance, risk management support, and incident response capabilities with respect to cyber threat indicators, de-fensive measures, cybersecurity risks, and incidents (as such terms are defined in such section), which may include attribution, mitigation, and remediation, and the provi-sion of information and recommendations on security and resilience, including implica-tions of cybersecurity risks to equipment and technology related to the electoral proc-ess’’; (ii) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iii) by redesignating paragraph (12) as paragraph (14); and (iv) by inserting after paragraph (11) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(12) review information relating to cyber-security risks that is gathered by State, local, and regional fusion centers, and incor-porate such information, as appropriate, into the Department’s own information relating to cybersecurity risks; ‘‘(13) ensure the dissemination to State, local, and regional fusion centers of informa-tion relating to cybersecurity risks; and’’; (B) in subsection (c)(2)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (G) as subparagraphs (D) through (H), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The national cybersecurity and com-munications integration center under sec-tion 227.’’; (C) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (ii) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) assist, in coordination with the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center under section 227, fusion centers in using information relating to cy-bersecurity risks to develop a comprehensive and accurate threat picture; and’’; and (D) in subsection (j)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (6), respec-tively; and (ii) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) the term ‘cybersecurity risk’ has the meaning given that term in section 227;’’; and (2) in section 227 (6 U.S.C. 148)— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (5)(B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding State and major urban area fusion centers, as appropriate’’ before the semi-colon at the end; (ii) in paragraph (7), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘infor-mation and recommendations’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘information, rec-ommendations, and best practices’’; and (iii) in paragraph (9), by inserting ‘‘and best practices’’ after ‘‘defensive measures’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘and State and major urban area fusion cen-ters, as appropriate’’ before the semicolon at the end. SEC. 3. HOMELAND SECURITY GRANTS. 
Subsection (a) of section 2008 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (14) as paragraphs (5) through (15), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) enhancing cybersecurity, including preparing for and responding to cybersecu-rity risks and incidents and developing State-wide cyber threat information analysis and dissemination activities;’’. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that to facili-tate the timely dissemination to appropriate State, local, and private sector stakeholders of homeland security information related to cyber threats, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity should, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, work to share actionable informa-tion related to cyber threats in an unclassi-fied form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, September is National Preparedness Month, and as chairman of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Commu-nications, I think it is fitting that we are here today to consider a number of bills that will enhance our homeland security, including legislation I intro-duced, H.R. 5459, the Cyber Prepared-ness Act of 2016. Cybersecurity is a major national se-curity issue, and the threat is real and immediate. For instance, a cyber at-tack causing widespread power outages could have major cascading con-sequences on public health and safety; however, it appears that the Nation is not adequately prepared to prevent and respond to cyber attacks. Since 2012, FEMA has released an an-nual National Preparedness Report, which highlights States’ progress in meeting 32 core capabilities as defined by the National Preparedness Goal. Each year, States have ranked their cybersecurity capabilities as one of their lowest. In May, my subcommittee, the Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications Subcommittee, held a joint hearing with the Homeland Secu-rity Committee’s Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies to look at the current state of cyber preparedness and how the Federal Government can help the States address some of the challenges that they face. Witnesses explained that, while great progress has been made in enhancing their cybersecurity capabilities, chal-lenges still remain, especially with re-gard to information sharing of cyber threats and risks and whether Home-land Security grants may be used for cybersecurity enhancements. I introduced H.R. 5459, the Cyber Pre-paredness Act of 2016, to address a number of findings from this hearing. My legislation addresses these findings by enhancing cyber risk information sharing with State and major urban area fusion centers; authorizing rep-resentatives from State and urban area fusion centers to be assigned to the Na-tional Cybersecurity and Communica-tions Integration Center, and permit-ting the NCCIC personnel to be de-ployed to fusion centers; sharing infor-mation on cyber preparedness best practices with State and local stake-holders; clarifying the eligibility of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.021 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5881 September 26, 2016 
State Homeland Security Grant Pro-gram and Urban Areas Security Initia-tive funding for cybersecurity enhance-ments; and working to combat the overclassification of cyber risk infor-mation so that it can be shared more broadly with stakeholders with a need to know. I appreciate that Chairmen M
CCAUL and R
ATCLIFFE and Ranking Member P
AYNE have joined me as original co-sponsors of H.R. 5459. This bipartisan legislation was reported favorably by the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this month. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5459, the Cyber Preparedness Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, in May the Committee on Homeland Security held a hearing to examine how the Department of Homeland Security assists States in preparing and responding to cyber at-tacks. Historically, States have rated cybersecurity among the core capabili-ties in which they have the least con-fidence. At the hearing, we heard compelling testimony from State emergency man-agers and chief information officers about the initiatives States are under-taking to reverse that trend and pre-vent cyber attacks within their State. For instance, some States like New Jersey and California have begun de-veloping their own cyber information- sharing capabilities akin to DHS’ Na-tional Cybersecurity and Communica-tions Integration Center. One of the consistent challenges wit-nesses identified, however, was the lack of robust cyber information shar-ing. H.R. 5459 addresses this challenge by promoting the sharing of cyber threat indicators and information, as well as cybersecurity best practices, with State and major urban area fusion centers. The bill also designates cybersecu-rity as an allowable use of State Home-land Security Grants and Urban Areas Security Initiative funds. Mr. Speaker, cyber attacks on sys-tems that underpin the operation of critical infrastructure have the poten-tial to wreak havoc on our commu-nities. State emergency managers and chief information officers have made clear that the better sharing of cyber information is essential to preventing cyber attacks. H.R. 5459 seeks to im-prove cyber information sharing with fusion centers. Moreover, I would note that, with re-spect to cyber threats to election equipment, the committee adopted an amendment to specifically direct DHS to share cyber threat information re-garding election equipment and tech-nology with fusion centers. The right to vote is among the most cherished, and the integrity of our election proc-ess is fundamental to our democracy. We must protect it. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5459. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5459. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5459, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SECURING OUR AGRICULTURE AND FOOD ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5346) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to make the Assist-ant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for co-ordinating the efforts of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary de-fense against terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5346 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COORDINATION OF FOOD, AGRICULTURE, AND VETERINARY DEFENSE AGAINST TERRORISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after section 526 (6 U.S.C. 321o) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 527. COORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY EFFORTS RE-LATED TO FOOD, AGRICULTURE, AND VETERINARY DEFENSE AGAINST TERRORISM. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs, shall carry out a program to coordinate the Department’s efforts related to defending the food, agriculture, and vet-erinary systems of the United States against terrorism and other high-consequence events that pose a high risk to homeland security. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—The coordina-tion program required by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: ‘‘(1) Providing oversight and management of the Department’s responsibilities pursu-ant to Homeland Security Presidential Di-rective 9 - Defense of United States Agri-culture and Food. ‘‘(2) Providing oversight and integration of the Department’s activities related to vet-erinary public health, food defense, and agri-cultural security. ‘‘(3) Leading the Department’s policy ini-tiatives relating to food, animal, and agri-cultural incidents, and the impact of such in-cidents on animal and public health. ‘‘(4) Leading the Department’s policy ini-tiatives relating to overall domestic pre-paredness for and collective response to agri-cultural terrorism. ‘‘(5) Coordinating with other Department components, including U.S. Customs and Border Protection, as appropriate, on activi-ties related to food and agriculture security and screening procedures for domestic and imported products. ‘‘(6) Coordinating with appropriate Federal departments and agencies. ‘‘(7) Other activities as determined nec-essary by the Secretary.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended— (1) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 523, 524, and 525; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 522 the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 523. Guidance and recommendations. ‘‘Sec. 524.Voluntary private sector prepared-ness accreditation and certifi-cation program. ‘‘Sec. 525. Acceptance of gifts. ‘‘Sec. 526. Integrated public alert and warn-ing system modernization. ‘‘Sec. 527. Coordination of Department of Homeland Security efforts re-lated to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against ter-rorism.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5346, Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act, introduced by Congress-man D
AVID YOUNG of Iowa. This bill seeks to authorize the Department of Homeland Security’s Food, Agri-culture, and Veterinary Defense Pro-gram within the Office of Health Af-fairs. b1515 Earlier this year, the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a hearing to examine the potential devastating im-pacts of an intentional attack on, or natural disruption of, U.S. agricultural or food production systems. The food and agriculture sector is critically important to our Nation’s economy. U.S. food and agriculture ac-counts for roughly one-fifth of the Na-tion’s economic activity, contributed $835 billion to the U.S. gross domestic product in 2014, and is responsible for 1 out of every 12 United States jobs. Coming from Iowa, Congressman Y
OUNG knows all too well the impor-tance of protecting this sector, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.024 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5882 September 26, 2016 
is vital to the economy and our way of life. I appreciate him introducing this bill, which I am pleased to cosponsor. I want to thank Chairman U
PTON of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and Chairman C
ONAWAY of the Committee on Agriculture for working with us to advance this bill. This legislation received bipartisan support in the Committee on Homeland Security. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, September 6, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for the opportunity to review H.R. 5346, ‘‘Secur-ing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Homeland Security, while the Agriculture Committee received an addi-tional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner and, accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 5346 from further consider-ation by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by dis-charging the bill, the Committee on Agri-culture does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim on this or similar matters. Fur-ther, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of con-ferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our ex-change of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this mat-ter and I look forward to continued coopera-tion between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write in regard to H.R. 5346, Securing our Agriculture and Food Act, which was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. I wanted to notify you that the Com-mittee will forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Committee on Energy and Commerce takes this action with our mutual under-standing that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5346 at this time, the Committee does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that the Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward to ad-dress any remaining issues within the Com-mittee’s jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5346 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy on Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5346, the ‘‘Secur-ing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ I appre-ciate your support in bringing this legisla-tion before the House of Representatives, and, accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Energy and Commerce for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5346, the ‘‘Secur-ing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ I appre-ciate your support in bringing this legisla-tion before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Agriculture will forego consider-ation of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Agriculture does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this bill or similar legisla-tion in the future. In addition, should a con-ference on this bill be necessary, I would sup-port a request by the Committee on Agri-culture for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5346, the Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act. H.R. 5346 would clarify the responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security’s Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Health Affairs as they relate to the Department’s re-sponsibilities under HSPD–9, the De-fense of U.S. Agriculture and Food. Accounting for nearly one-fifth of the economic activity of the Nation, agri-culture is not only critical to human health, but also to the national econ-omy. Although New Jersey’s 10th Con-gressional District is not known for its rolling fields of corn or vast cattle ranches, it is home to large inter-national ports. Customs and Border Protection agri-culture specialists are on the front lines at the Port of Newark and New-ark Liberty International Airport to protect domestic agriculture and food supply from foreign pathogens. These ports of entry are located in the largest consumer market in North America, reaching 23 million local consumers and 100 million more within a 36-hour reach. In fact, the Port of Newark and Newark Liberty International Airport are top-performing ports of entry with top interception numbers and several ‘‘First-in-Nation’’ insect finds. Despite the large size and enormous volume of these two ports, there are not enough agriculture specialists for the work that we need to be done. That is why I offered an amendment in the committee to direct the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Health Affairs to coordinate activities with other DHS components, including Customs and Border Protection. I want to thank the subcommittee chairman for his support, and I am hopeful that the coordination required by my amendment will inform staffing decisions at U.S. ports of entry. We must do what we can to ensure the food and agriculture sector is protected. I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman D
ONOVAN and Ranking Member P
AYNE . Last year’s outbreak of the highly pathogenic avian influenza forced a tough and heartbreaking reality for many folks in Iowa’s Third Congres-sional District, all over the State, and in districts across the country. Iowa suffered the largest animal dis-ease outbreak in State history, dev-astating many farmers and producers by wiping out millions of layer hens, turkeys, and backyard flocks. Now, as the Federal Government scrambled to respond to last year’s events, efforts revealed problems with their ability to react quickly and com-municate with stakeholders. I heard from numerous farmers, producers, and other stakeholders frustrated by this lack of communication and delay in ac-tion. Response efforts to the outbreak also highlighted concerns about our country’s ability to share information and quickly respond to potential agroterrorism threats and attacks. Now, as our Nation faces global and complex national security challenges, agroterrorism as well as future large- scale animal disease outbreaks pose se-rious threats to our food, agriculture, and livestock industries in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.027 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5883 September 26, 2016 
I introduced the Securing our Agri-culture and Food Act, H.R. 5346, in order to address this issue by securing our Nation’s agriculture industry, food supply, and ultimately protecting our consumers, our families, across the Na-tion. This agroterrorism preparedness leg-islation requires the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to elevate preparedness of our Nation’s food, agriculture, and veterinary sys-tems against terrorism and high-risk events. It also authorizes the Sec-retary, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, to collaborate with other Federal agen-cies to ensure food, agriculture, and animal and human health sectors re-ceive much-needed attention, and are integrated into the Department’s do-mestic preparedness policy initiatives. Whether we are preparing for future avian influenza outbreaks, animal dis-ease outbreaks, or unforeseen emer-gencies or attacks, our Federal Govern-ment must have the tools and re-sources to act quickly and keep stake-holders informed. Parents should not have to worry about the safety of the food that they serve their children. We must ensure a safe and abundant food supply for our families; and my bill, this bipartisan bill, enables us to do just that. I want to thank all Members—Home-land Security Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking Member T
HOMPSON , Sub-committee Chairman D
ONOVAN , Rank-ing Member P
AYNE for helping and making this a better bill, and Chair-man C
ONAWAY of the Committee on Ag-riculture and Chairman U
PTON of the Committee on Energy and Commerce— who worked closely with me to bring this important bill to the floor. This was truly a collaborative effort and proves that we can do things in a bipar-tisan manner and together for the good of the country. I want to thank staff as well, espe-cially those on the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications of the Committee on Homeland Security who worked so hard on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5346 was unani-mously approved by the Committee on Homeland Security on September 13. It recognizes the importance of securing our food and agriculture sector. Once again, I would like to reiterate that the proper agriculture specialist staffing at our ports helps to keep the diseases that are likely to jeopardize the agriculture industry and food sup-ply out of this country. I hope that H.R. 5346 will help improve our ability to protect the agriculture industry from biothreats. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5346. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5346. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5346, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SOCIAL SECURITY FRAUD PREVENTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3779) to restrict the inclusion of Social Security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3779 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Social Secu-rity Fraud Prevention Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. RESTRICTION OF SSNS ON DOCUMENTS SENT BY MAIL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No department or agency of the Federal Government may include the social security account number of any indi-vidual on any document sent by mail unless the head of such department or agency deter-mines that the inclusion of such social secu-rity number on such document is necessary. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each department and agency of the Federal Government shall issue regula-tions specifying the circumstances under which inclusion of a social security account number on a document sent by mail is nec-essary. Such regulations shall include— (1) instructions for the partial redaction of social security account numbers whenever feasible; and (2) a requirement that social security ac-count numbers not be visible on the outside of any package sent by mail. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act shall apply with respect to documents sent by mail on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3779, Social Security Fraud Pre-vention Act of 2016. This was intro-duced by the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. VALADAO ). Social Security numbers were first created for the sole purpose of allowing the Federal Government to track the earnings history of individuals to de-termine Social Security benefits. How-ever, over the course of time, both the Federal Government and the private sector found these numbers to be valu-able tools to keep track of individuals for a wide variety of reasons, including tax reporting and credit history. You can name how many different things where they require your Social Secu-rity number in order to figure out and identify who you are. b1530 Because of these changes, Social Se-curity numbers have become incredibly important in today’s high-tech society. In fact, they can be used for a good deal of purposes in a positive way, but they can also be used in a nefarious way to try to create a fictitious identi-fication for somebody. They are necessary for applying to college, getting a credit card, or open-ing a bank account. However, in the hands of the wrong people, Social Secu-rity numbers can lead to identity theft, something that is very destructive to those affected. Troublingly, the sponsor of this bill, Mr. V
ALADAO , reported an interaction with one of his constituents who re-ceived a government document with a Social Security number printed on the outside of the envelope. It was on the outside of the envelope. Mr. Speaker, this is totally and com-pletely unacceptable. Given the dan-gers associated with identity theft, the Federal Government must do more to safeguard Social Security numbers. Indeed, 2 weeks ago, my committee released a 231-page report detailing the majority staff’s investigative findings concerning a data breach of personally identifiable information by the United States Office of Personnel Manage-ment. Mr. Speaker, this information in-cluded the Social Security numbers of more than 20 million Americans. As a result, an Oversight and Government Reform Committee report rec-ommended Federal agencies reduce the use of Social Security numbers in order to mitigate the risk of identity theft. What the bill does that Mr. V
ALADAO  has introduced, H.R. 3779, is bring us closer to this goal by requiring Federal agencies to limit the sending of Social Security numbers via mail and to com-pletely ban sending Social Security numbers in a way in which they can be seen on the outside of any package. Ultimately, this bill will protect Americans from having their Social Security numbers needlessly revealed by the Federal Government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.028 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5884 September 26, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3779, the Social Security Fraud Prevention Act of 2016, as amended. As my colleague, the gentleman from Utah, has noted, this bipartisan legis-lation has been introduced by Rep-resentative D
AVID VALADAO and co-sponsored by Mr. S
WALWELL , both from California. This bill would strengthen efforts to prevent identity theft. In particular, it would prohibit Federal agencies from including the Social Security number of any individual on documents sent in the U.S. mail, unless an agency head determines that it is absolutely nec-essary to do so. Also, through regulations, agencies would, in the future, specify the precise circumstances under which they would need to include Social Security num-bers in printed and mailed documents inside the envelope. This bill would also require agencies to partially redact Social Security numbers, where feasible, and restrict the visibility of Social Security num-bers on the outside of any package sent by mail. As reported by the Department of Justice, nearly 18 million Americans are victims of identity theft per year. According to the 2016 Identity Fraud Study conducted by the Javelin Strat-egy & Research firm, identity theft has resulted in losses exceeding $112 billion over the last 6 years alone. That amounts to $35,600 stolen per minute over the last 6 years. The Javelin study also indicates that, as the U.S. continues to convert to chip-enabled credit card technology, identity thieves have become increas-ingly reliant on the creation of fraudu-lent customer accounts. This illicit practice is greatly enabled by the ac-cessibility and exposure of Social Secu-rity numbers. Moreover, the announcement last week by Yahoo that the account infor-mation of at least 500 million users had been stolen by hackers back in 2014 is the latest example of the massive data breaches that we are continuing to ex-perience in both the private and public sectors. In light of the complexity and fre-quency of these cyber attacks, it is im-perative that we take commonsense steps at the Federal level to protect personally identifiable information, in-cluding Social Security numbers, against misuse. During our committee’s investiga-tion, as the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the gentleman from Utah, has noted, of the critical breaches of information technology systems at the Office of Personnel Management in 2015, we dis-covered that the agency had not encrypted the Social Security numbers of over 20 million employees. We are similarly behind the curve when it comes to safeguarding Social Security information sent by Federal agencies in the mail. Mr. Speaker, the Social Security Fraud Prevention Act is a practical piece of legislation that enjoys support on both sides of the aisle. It has also received strong endorsements from or-ganizations such as the American Asso-ciation of Retired Persons, or AARP, and the National Retiree Legislative Network. Publicly, I want to thank Mr. V
ALADAO and Mr. S WALWELL for their leadership in this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS), of the 13th Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I, too, would like to agree with my colleagues and recognize our colleague from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ), for being the sponsor of this piece of legislation, which obviously enjoys bipartisan support. I am a co-sponsor of this bill. According to the Justice Depart-ment, identity theft affects nearly 18 million people, costing more than $15 billion in 2014 alone. This represents roughly 7 percent of all Americans age 16 or older. In Illinois alone, in 2014, it has been recognized that the FTC saw a 65 percent increase in identity theft. Data from the Bureau of Justice Sta-tistics also shows us that women are more likely to be victims of identity theft than men. In addition, more than 14 percent of the victims are elderly. We all know that Social Security numbers are the link to a key piece of information that criminals use to steal people’s identities. So this legislation takes an important step to ensure that our Federal agencies, our government, funded by the hardworking taxpayers of this country, are not making this problem even worse. This is a commonsense step. This is a commonsense piece of legislation that many out there watching may look to us and say: Do you mean this isn’t al-ready the law? Do you mean we are still allowing agencies to send Social Security numbers? We should have known this long ago. We should have stopped this long ago. But it is commonsense colleagues like Congressman V
ALADAO and Congress-man S
WALWELL , those fellow cospon-sors, in a bipartisan way, Republicans and Democrats, who said: You know what? Let’s solve this problem that should have been solved long ago. But now, we are going to get to it because of the leadership from Congressman V
ALADAO . I am proud to cosponsor this legisla-tion, which will have a real impact on reducing identity theft in this country. I want to commend each and every one of our colleagues who are supporting this measure. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I know that the gen-tleman from California, the lead spon-sor of this bill, has just arrived, and I want to publicly thank him, as well as the gentleman from Illinois who just spoke. I appreciate his leadership. He joined with Mr. SWALWELL on our side of the aisle. And I agree, this is a long time coming. It should have been done years ago. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ), the prime sponsor of this bill. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3779, the Social Security Fraud Prevention Act. This commonsense piece of legisla-tion will help mitigate rising instances of identity theft, which have become a significant problem across our country. What is worse, these crimes tend to af-fect the populations that need protec-tion the most, including the elderly, children, and veterans. Recovering from having your iden-tity being stolen is a burdensome and expensive process. One way to reduce occurrences of this crime is to prevent the Federal Government from mailing documents that contain the full Social Security number of an American cit-izen, unless it is absolutely necessary. I realized the need for this legislation after I was approached by a constituent in my district who showed me a letter she received from the Social Security Administration that had her full Social Security number printed on it, as well as her full name and address. Upon further investigation, we found that the Social Security Administra-tion was also printing full Social Secu-rity numbers visible on the outside of postcards. This is simply unacceptable. Social Security was established to provide older Americans financial secu-rity during their retirement years, not jeopardize their security by handling someone’s personal information poorly. Even more concerning is that the prob-lem is not exclusive to the Social Secu-rity Administration but has become a government-wide problem. My bill, H.R. 3779, would prevent the Federal Government from mailing doc-uments that contain full Social Secu-rity numbers, unless absolutely nec-essary, and require the Federal agen-cies to partially redact Social Security numbers on documents, whenever pos-sible. Additionally, the bill prevents Social Security numbers from ever being visible on the outside of a piece of mail. Please join me in supporting this commonsense piece of legislation that will help Americans avoid falling vic-tim to one of the fastest growing crimes in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.031 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5885 September 26, 2016 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to thank and congratulate Mr. V
ALADAO and others who have worked on this bill. It is a commonsense piece of legislation. I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I was privileged to introduce H.R. 3779, the Social Security Fraud Prevention Act, with my friend from California, Congressman V
ALADAO . Identity theft is a major and growing prob-lem in our nation. Almost 18 million Americans were victims of this crime in 2014, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics. Of those who lost money as a result of their victimiza-tion, the average loss was over $1,300. This is a serious, complicated problem from which no one is immune. As in most complex issues, there is not just one solution. We must attack it from a variety of angles. For example, the government certainly shouldn’t be making identity theft more likely by making it easier for criminals to get peo-ple’s Social Security Numbers. Puffing aside the merits, the reality is that Social Security Numbers right now are used in many ways to identify people and secure accounts. Having someone’s Social Security Number thus can be very helpful in stealing someone’s identity. H.R. 3779 would make it more difficult to steal someone’s Social Security Number by prohibiting any federal agency or department from including it on documents sent by mail unless it is determined to be necessary. And, when it is included it would not be visible from the outside of the envelope and would be par-tially redacted when possible. This is a common sense, bipartisan bill that is one piece of a larger comprehensive effort we need to successfully combat identity theft. I thank Congressman V
ALADAO for sponsoring it and working on it with me. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3779. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3779, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TOM STAGG UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2754) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2754 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’’. SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse referred to in sec-tion 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 2754, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 2754, as amended, would designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the Tom Stagg United States Court House. I want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. F
LEMING ), for his lead-ership on this legislation. Judge Stagg served in the U.S. Dis-trict Court for the Western District of Louisiana. He was appointed to the bench in 1974, served as a chief judge from 1984 to 1991, and assumed senior status in 1992. He served until his death last year. Earlier in his career, he held various executive positions in the pri-vate sector and was in the private prac-tice of law. b1545 Judge Stagg served our country dur-ing World War II, during our Greatest Generation, as a U.S. Army captain in the infantry. He earned the Combat In-fantry Badge, Bronze Stars for Valor and Meritorious Service, and the Pur-ple Heart with Oak Leaf Cluster. Judge Stagg’s dedication to serving our coun-try is clear, and I believe it is appro-priate to name this courthouse after him. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). Mr. Speaker, I also support this bill, as amended, which honors Judge Stagg by naming the Federal courthouse in Shreveport, Louisiana, after him. He served over 40 years, as was noted, as a district judge in the Western District of Louisiana. He was a lifelong Louisianan, who attended Louisiana State University for both his undergrad and law school education. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this important piece of leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend my colleague, Mr. CARSON . As members of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, this isn’t unusual where we come together to do important bi-partisan pieces of legislation to recog-nize some of America’s heroes. I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2754, which would name the U.S. Fed-eral Court House in Shreveport, Louisiana after Tom Stagg. Judge Stagg’s legacy is one which speaks volumes of his exemplar char-acter and distinguished career as a federal judge for the Western District of Louisiana. Upon graduation from high school, Judge Stagg valiantly served in WWII where he would rise to the rank of captain and earn the Combat Infantryman Badge, a Bronze Star for Valor, a second Bronze Star for meritorious service, and the Purple Heart with oak leaf cluster. The patriotism and dedication which he exhibited as a soldier was further built upon when he began his career as a jurist. He was nominated to serve as a federal judge for the Western District of Louisiana in 1974. He held the position as chief judge from 1984 to 1991, at which point he assumed senior status and maintained a full caseload until his pass-ing in 2015. A detailed man who commanded respect whenever he entered a room, Judge Stagg was well known for his institutional knowledge, efficiency, and thoroughness dur-ing each and every case. He was heavily ad-mired by his colleagues, many of whom be-lieved that his character reflected the most honorable qualities of a judge. A pillar within his occupation and the salt within his community, Judge Stagg’s life was an example to us all. It is more than fitting to honor Judge Stagg’s service by naming this court house, a court house which he helped design, after him. I introduced companion legislation, H.R. 5011, in the House, and I am thankful that we are able to consider S. 2754 today. I ask my colleagues for their support. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2754, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘An Act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:07 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\H26SE6.REC H26SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5886 September 26, 2016 
R.E. THOMASON FEDERAL BUILD-ING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5873) to des-ignate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5873 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse referred to in sec-tion 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5873. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, this is another example of bi-partisanship in this great institution. H.R. 5873 would designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Ave-nue in El Paso, Texas, as the R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse. Mr. Speaker, as I notice one of my colleagues from Texas here in the Chamber, I will reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my distinguished colleague, who is willing to go beyond political boundaries to get things done for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I also support this bill, which names the Federal building and U.S. Courthouse in El Paso, Texas, after Judge Thomason. He served as prosecutor. State legislator, mayor, even U.S. Congressman, as well as a Federal Judge. In his career as a politician, he was known for his commitment to public works and economic development. In his second career as a Federal judge, he was acclaimed for even handling of high-profile cases and managing a con-siderable workload of civil and crimi-nal cases. I urge my colleagues to join me in advancing this legislation, which hon-ors a great judge for his dedication to the good of the public. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ). Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Indiana for yielding to me and for his support of this bill. I would also like to thank my colleague from Illinois for his kind words of support in recognizing the ac-complishments of Robert Ewing Thomason, referred to as ‘‘R.E.’’ or ‘‘Ewing’’ by his friends in El Paso. Judge Thomason was truly the best among us, somebody who dedicated his life to public service and to serving others, and someone who really distin-guished the community that I am so honored to serve, El Paso, Texas. He was first elected to the Texas House of Representatives in 1920 and, remarkably, for an El Pasoan and, real-ly, for anyone in the State of Texas, in his second term only, he was elected by his fellow House members to be the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives in the State of Texas. This is an accomplishment to which no other El Pasoan since has ever been able to rise. This truly was the high- water mark, at least in State politics, for an El Pasoan to reach. There he dis-tinguished himself with his leadership and with his dedication, not just to our community, but to the State of Texas. He then served as the mayor of El Paso, Texas, from 1927 to 1930, where he both reflected and truly guided the growth of one of the great American cities and, certainly, the greatest Southwestern city at the time. He was responsible for attracting industry, promoting local businesses, and devel-oping the first municipal airport in El Paso, Texas. He was then elected to the United States House of Representatives where, again, he served with distinction, ris-ing to the level of the vice chairman of the Armed Services Committee during World War II—I would think, the pe-riod of the greatest stress and greatest demand for leadership out of that House committee—and again, he dis-tinguished himself. But it is truly for his service as a Federal judge for the Western District of Texas that we now remember Judge Thomason. He heard thousands of cases, presided over thousands of citi-zenship ceremonies. But the case, Mr. Speaker, that I want to call to everyone’s attention began in 1954, when 12 African Amer-ican El Pasoans attempted to enroll in what was then known as Texas Western College, today known as the University of Texas at El Paso, part of Texas’ Uni-versity of Texas system. Thelma White and 11 friends, one of whom, Mildred Parish Tutt, is the mother of our colleague, BARBARA LEE, of Oakland, California, these 12 young El Pasoans attempted to enroll at Texas Western College; and, because of the segregation clause in our State’s constitution, they were barred entry. Thelma White, who became the lead plaintiff, enlisted the support and ad-vocacy of future Supreme Court Jurist Thurgood Marshall to promote the idea that no institution of higher learning in the State of Texas should bar any-one, including the African American students in question. That case was heard in the courtroom of Judge Thomason, and, in 1955, he enjoined the State of Texas from barring these stu-dents from entry. They were able to go to Texas Western College. It absolutely shattered the concept and practice of all-white higher education in the State of Texas. In fact, he decimated the seg-regation clause of our State’s constitu-tion and destroyed one of the last bas-tions of segregation in the former Con-federacy. How fitting that his courtroom was in the old Federal courthouse which, today, we seek to name in his honor. And even more fitting is the Tom Lea mural, one of our famous El Paso art-ists, the Tom Lea mural that graces this Federal courthouse, the old Fed-eral courthouse in El Paso Texas. It has the following legend over the door: ‘‘O Pass of the North, Now the Old Gi-ants Are Gone, We Little Men Live Where Heroes Once Walked the Invio-late Earth.’’ A very fitting description of one of the giants that preceded us in El Paso, Texas, Judge Thomason. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is amazing to be able to come to this floor and learn historical facts about other congressional districts. In my district, I am lucky enough to rep-resent part of Abraham Lincoln’s old congressional district, so the history involved with Abraham Lincoln and what he meant to this country is some-thing that our textbooks teach. We come to this House floor to learn about courageous people like Judge Thomason, who served in the executive branch as mayor of El Paso, the legis-lative branch in the State and here, and then served in the judicial branch. To be honored, I think it is a testa-ment, and I, once again, want to com-mend my colleague, Mr. O’R
OURKE , for bringing this to our attention and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.036 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5887 September 26, 2016 
allowing this honor to, hopefully, be bestowed upon that courthouse. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5873. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VET CONNECT ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5162) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to dis-close to non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers certain medical records of veterans who re-ceive health care from such providers. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5162 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Vet Connect Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORITY TO DISCLOSE CERTAIN MED-ICAL RECORDS OF VETERANS WHO RECEIVE NON-DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH CARE. 
Section 7332(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) To a non-Department entity (includ-ing private entities and other departments or agencies of the Federal Government) that provides hospital care or medical treatment to veterans.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers would have 5 legislative days with-in which to revise and extend their re-marks or add any extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5162, the Vet Connect Act. Ensuring that veterans receive high- quality care has been a top priority of mine and our committee, and as the ac-cess and accountability crisis of 2014 so clearly demonstrated, the Department of Veterans Affairs alone cannot pro-vide the timely access to care that our veterans deserve. While the passage of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act 2 years ago has led to an increase in VA’s use of community providers to treat veteran patients and linked many veterans to care they would otherwise be waiting for, the Department’s strug-gle to adequately and consistently communicate with community part-ners about the veterans they are joint-ly caring for now has presented unnec-essary challenges to VA’s care in the communities’ efforts. H.R. 5162 would correct this defi-ciency by requiring VA to share med-ical record information with commu-nity providers in order to provide care or treatment to a shared patient. Mr. Speaker, this would ensure that any provider caring for a VA patient, whether in a VA medical facility or in a private sector doctor’s office, has the information that they need to provide safe and quality care. H.R. 5162 is sponsored by my friend and colleague and fellow committee member, Congressman BETOO’ROURKE  from Texas. I am grateful to him for his efforts and his leadership in spon-soring this important legislation. This bill is supported by the Amer-ican Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, and the Vietnam Veterans of America, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5162, the Vet Connect Act of 2016. The bill is sponsored by my friend and classmate, Congressman B
ETOO’ROURKE . In 2014, when Congress passed the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act, we created a program called Choice, to make access to care easier for veterans who were unable to get an appointment at their local VA medical center. These veterans have now been able to get care closer to their home with the provider of their choice. However, current law prevented the community providers from getting records from the VA regarding the pre-vious care veterans had received. This bill gives the VA authority to disclose certain medical records of veterans who receive non-VA care to community providers. Essentially, this would allow the VA to share health information with the veteran’s non-VA doctor without hav-ing HIPAA implications. Current treat-ments are already covered under HIPAA, and this bill would allow pre-vious treatments to be disclosed, there-by improving the continuity of care. b1600 I commend my colleague from Texas for being a leader in ensuring safe, quality health care for veterans. He has been a champion for veterans in El Paso and has turned the concerns that he has heard from his constituents into thoughtful legislation that helps vet-erans across our country. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation and urge my colleagues to support this bill as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ), the author of this bill. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank my colleague, the ranking member, Mr. T
AKANO from California, for his support and his work on the committee and not just pro-moting commonsense bills like these, but working across the aisle with col-leagues on both sides to ensure that we move the concerns and the cares of vet-erans in this country forward. His lead-ership at this critical time is so impor-tant, and I am grateful for it. I would also like to thank the chair-man of our committee, Mr. M
ILLER  from Florida, for his leadership in real-ly ensuring that the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee remains one of the most important and perhaps one of the last refuges for bipartisanship in Con-gress. It is really through his leader-ship—and I have been lucky enough to serve with him now almost 4 years— that we have been able to do some real-ly outstanding things for veterans in this country. I know that he would be the first to agree that we are not there yet. There is no ‘‘mission accom-plished’’ banner that hangs behind us, but we have made extraordinary progress under his guidance and his willingness to work with Members from both sides of the aisle—all Mem-bers of the committee—and I am truly grateful for his support of this bill. I should also note, Mr. Speaker, that this bill is cosponsored by Dr. B
ENISHEK from Michigan, a stout de-fender of veterans and, from his med-ical background, someone who is uniquely capable of informing impor-tant legislation like this one. As both of the previous speakers have stated, this ensures that we connect veterans in our communities, the places that we represent, with the care that they have earned and that they deserve. In the VA today, we have an acknowledged shortage of 43,000 clin-ical positions. We have to acknowledge that we will not be able to see every single veteran in the instances when they most need care with current ca-pacity within the VA. Therefore, it is incumbent upon us to ensure that we leverage the capacity of the doctors, nurses, and providers in the commu-nities that we represent to the best of our ability. Critical to that is health information exchange records sharing so that the doctors in the community know what they need to know about the veteran they are about to see so they deliver the best, most informed care that they can possibly deliver, and that we get the best outcomes for these veterans. This bill ensures that we share med-ical information effectively, privately, conforming to HIPAA, maintaining the veteran’s privacy, and yet effectively ensure that that veteran gets the care that they have earned, that they need, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.037 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5888 September 26, 2016 
that they deserve and that—thanks to this committee and its leadership— they are finally beginning to get. Those who are charged with ensuring that we coordinate care between the VA and private providers say that this is the most critical thing for us to do if we are to effectively share patient record information. It is estimated that today only about 3 percent of veterans proactively opt into this records sharing. That means that most of them are not getting the fully informed care that they would otherwise get. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in support of this bill, which would go a long way to ensuring that we do everything we can with the ca-pacity both within the VA and outside the VA to deliver critical care to our veterans who are most in need. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing this legislation, H.R. 5162. I, once again, thank my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ) for his pas-sionate advocacy for veterans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important piece of legisla-tion. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5162. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NO VETERANS CRISIS LINE CALL SHOULD GO UNANSWERED ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5392) to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5392 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPROVEMENTS TO VETERANS CRISIS LINE. 
(a) Q UALITY ASSURANCE DOCUMENT .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop a quality assurance document to use in car-rying out the Veterans Crisis Line. Such doc-ument shall— (1) outline clearly defined and measurable performance indicators and objectives to im-prove the responsiveness and performance of the Veterans Crisis Line, including at backup call centers; (2) include quantifiable timeframes to meet designated objectives to assist the Sec-retary in tracking the progress of the Vet-erans Crisis Line and such backup call cen-ters in meeting the performance indicators and objectives specified in paragraph (1); and (3) with respect to such timeframes and ob-jectives, be consistent with guidance issued by the Office of Management and Budget. (b) PLAN.—The Secretary shall develop a plan to ensure that each telephone call, text message, and other communications received by the Veterans Crisis Line, including at backup call centers, is answered in a timely manner by a person, consistent with the guidance established by the American Asso-ciation of Suicidology. Such plan shall in-clude guidelines to carry out periodic testing of the Veterans Crisis Line, including such backup centers, during each fiscal year to identify and correct any problems in a time-ly manner. (c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report con-taining the document developed under sub-section (a) and the plan developed under sub-section (b). (d) V
ETERANS CRISIS LINEDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Veterans Crisis Line’’ means the toll-free hotline for veterans es-tablished under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5392, the No Veterans Crisis Line Should Go Unanswered Act. The Department of Veterans Affairs estab-lished the Veterans Crisis Line to en-sure that any veteran that was contem-plating suicide would be able to call for help no matter the time and no matter the circumstance. Over time, VCL’s mission has expanded to include vet-erans facing all manners of personal emergencies, and the Veterans Crisis Line services have expanded to include a chat service and a texting operation. Yet the crisis line purpose has re-mained the same: to provide a place where veterans facing crisis would be able to get the help that they need any time of day or night. However, earlier this year, the VA Inspector General found that some calls to the crisis line were routed to backup crisis centers and ultimately sent to voice mail and that other line callers did not receive the immediate assistance that they desperately need-ed. The IG also noted that VA failed to provide a directive or handbook detail-ing the guidance necessary for the proper Veterans Crisis Line processes and procedures, and it failed to provide adequate orientation and training to crisis line staff, it failed to monitor contracted backup call centers, and ex-perienced a number of quality assur-ance gaps. Though VA has assured us that these issues have been addressed and will never happen again, the risk of leaving a veteran in the midst of a crisis alone and without help is unacceptable to any Member of this body. H.R. 5392 would require that VA de-velops a quality assurance document that includes clearly defined and meas-urable performance standards with ap-propriate timelines and benchmarks to improve responsiveness and outcomes for the crisis line mainline and con-tracted backup call centers. It would also require VA to develop a plan to en-sure that each telephone call, each text message, or other communications re-ceived by the crisis line mainline or at a contracted backup call center is an-swered in a timely manner by an ap-propriate, qualified live person, con-sistent with the guidance established by the American Association of Suicidology. This bill is sponsored by my friend and colleague, Congressman DAVID Y
OUNG from Iowa. I want to thank him for his efforts and his leadership on sponsoring this very important and, to some, very simple fix to something that needs to be taken care of. Nothing could be more important than guaranteed timely access to the veterans’ services and support that they need in an emergency situation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this commonsense piece of legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding H.R. 5392, the No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act. The Veterans Crisis Line actually provides three ways veterans can ac-cess help when they are in crisis. Vet-erans, servicemembers, and their loved ones can call the 1–800 number, send a text message, or chat online to receive free, confidential support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, even if they are not registered with VA or enrolled in VA health care. The responders at the Veterans Crisis Line are especially trained and experi-enced in helping veterans of all ages and circumstances, from those coping with mental health issues that were never addressed to recent veterans dealing with relationships or the tran-sition back to civilian life. Since its launch in 2007 through May 2016, the Veterans Crisis Line has an-swered over 2.3 million calls and initi-ated the dispatch of emergency serv-ices to callers in imminent crisis near-ly 61,000 times. This bill requires improvements to the Veterans Crisis Line by having the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.040 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5889 September 26, 2016 
VA create quality assurance guidelines that will include clearly defined and measurable performance indicators and objectives to improve the responsive-ness and performance of the Veterans Crisis Line. The bill also requires the VA to de-velop a plan to ensure that each tele-phone call, text message, and other communications received by the Vet-erans Crisis Line is answered in a time-ly manner by a person, consistent with the guidance established by the Amer-ican Association of Suicidology. As Suicide Prevention Awareness Month comes to a close, Congress must take these necessary steps to improve the Veterans Crisis Line for all vet-erans who depend on it. I support this legislation, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I am proud to introduce the sponsor of this impor-tant piece of legislation. The gen-tleman is from the Third District of Iowa, from the small town of Van Meter, Iowa, home to Bob ‘‘The Heater From Van Meter.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I introduced the No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act, H.R. 5392, a bipartisan piece of legislation, doing this after hearing from a constituent who called the Veterans Crisis Line for help but never was connected to a live person. Though I have spoken on the floor about this issue before, as well as oth-ers, I remain deeply concerned with the many struggles and challenges our vet-erans face as they transition from Ac-tive Duty to civilian life and beyond. These are brave women and men who have sacrificed much in service to their country. Now, our servicemembers have given up holidays, missed birth-days, weddings, and other important life events of their family members, communities, and friends. They have been mobilized or deployed to some of the most volatile regions of the world for months on end, and the list goes on. They are our friends, family, and neighbors, and they make significant sacrifices because they believe in this great Nation and strive to protect the freedoms we have guaranteed. Now, unfortunately, more and more veterans carry deep scars—emotional war wounds—ones we cannot see. These men and women deserve our support. Now, our country has a responsibility to ensure our brave veterans not only have the benefits that they have earned, but have access to services and resources intended to help them through the storms of life. Mr. Speaker, it is hard for anyone to ask for help sometimes, and the sad fact is today and every day this week, 20 veterans will take their lives. So it is unacceptable for any veteran who is reaching out for help and a listening ear to be turned away unanswered, es-pecially when help may mean the dif-ference between life and death. That is why I introduced, with bipartisan sup-port from my colleagues, legislation to make critical improvements to the Veterans Crisis Line. This bipartisan bill requires the VA to create and implement documented plans to improve responsiveness and performance of the crisis line—an im-portant step to ensure our veterans have unimpeded access to the mental health resources that they need. Even the VA has acknowledged these problems, which were also documented in two separate investigations con-ducted by the VA Office of Inspector General and the Government Account-ability Office. This bill drives account-ability within the Veterans Crisis Line, ensuring any call or text or messages are answered, and ensuring the quality processes, including those guiding staff training, are addressed and provided to Congress. b1615 Our men and women in uniform have answered our Nation’s call, and we must work to do better and ensure their calls do not go unanswered. Mr. Speaker, I want to especially thank Chairman M
ILLER and his staff for working so closely with me on this bill. It is a pleasure serving with him, and his leadership on these issues will be missed in his retirement. September is National Suicide Pre-vention Awareness Month. It is only fitting that we pass this bill today to help our veterans. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. W
ALZ), my colleague and friend, the highest ranking non-commissioned officer to serve in Con-gress. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) for his unwavering work for the care of our veterans. And to the chairman, as has been noted so often, at a time when partisanship seems to win the day or be on the news, I can as-sure him that the care of our Nation’s veterans knows no political bound-aries, and the work that has been done should be noted. I also want to thank the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for bringing this bill forward. Like everything in life, there is a symmetry to things, and I think the story of how we got to this point might be well spoken or told. The gentleman represents the Third Dis-trict of Iowa, the new one. Back in 2006, there was a young Army Reservist named Joshua Omvig, who grew up in a small community in Iowa, literally down the road from where they filmed ‘‘Field of Dreams.’’ He re-turned from Iraq a week before Thanksgiving in 2006 and joined his family at that most American of all holidays to be back together. That evening of Thanksgiving, Joshua took his own life in front of his mother. The crushing loss of a son, the crush-ing loss of a son of the Midwest was overwhelming. But the Omvigs did something that Americans do and something that this Nation always does. They turned their grief into ac-tion. They went to their Congressman at that time in the old Third District, Lieutenant Colonel Leonard Boswell, himself a decorated Vietnam veteran and helicopter pilot. They put together what then became the Joshua Omvig Veterans Suicide Prevention Act. This was back in 2007, when nobody was talking about 20 veterans a day and no one was talking about mental health and no one was talking much about transition. We were in the heart of the Iraq war. We were in Afghanistan. Our veterans were coming back, and, right-fully noted, we were unprepared for them. In this piece of legislation, there are a couple of sections in here that are very clear on what Mr. YOUNG ’s legisla-tion does—exactly what it should do and what this Congress should do—pro-vide oversight and improve on legisla-tion. Section 1720F said that the VA would establish 24-hour mental health care. In carrying out the comprehensive pro-gram, the Secretary shall provide for mental health care availability to vet-erans on a 24-hour basis. It would es-tablish a hotline to carry this out, and the Secretary would provide a toll-free hotline for veterans to be staffed by ap-propriately trained mental health pro-fessionals. And for those who don’t think that that was needed, since that time, 2.5 million calls have been made to that hotline, 300,000 online chats, and 55,000 texts. When someone calls that line, they are at a breaking point. One of our warriors is at a point where they had nowhere else to turn. The intent of this Congress and this Nation—not Democrat, not Repub-lican—was to provide them the re-sources and the trained personnel nec-essary. What was noted in a GAO re-port, what Mr. Y
OUNG has noted, and what this committee has noted is that the VA was not fulfilling fully what they should have. If one veteran falls through the cracks, we have failed. I don’t care if 2.5 million were picked up. If 2.5 million plus one, and that last one was not picked up, we have failed. Mr. Y
OUNG ’s piece of legislation is simple, eloquent, asks the VA to do what they are supposed to do, and then do what should expected: report back to Congress so that we can provide our oversight ability. I want to thank the chairman, the ranking member, and this committee for doing exactly what we are supposed to do. We are supposed to make sure that the VA fulfills the commitment that the United States and its citizens want to care for every single veteran that is out there. This was a smart piece of legislation. It was championed by the parents of a warrior who took his own life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.042 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5890 September 26, 2016 
And keep in mind, when this was championed, we did not even bury our veterans who took their own lives with military honors because it was still something we didn’t talk about. It was believed that they weren’t casualties of war. In the 10 years since that time, we have made strides, we have made progress, and we understand that the cost of war continues on. I want to thank Mr. Y
OUNG for con-tinuing the legacy that comes out of Iowa, the deep care for those that serve in our heartland, continuing the bipar-tisan legacy of the Third District of Iowa to improve on a really smart, needed piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this, and I encour-age this body to continue to find ways to solve problems, work together, and show that, when it comes to unity around our veterans, there is not an inch of daylight between the two sides of this body. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Second District of Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). He is from the metropolis of Oakland, Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for recognizing that Oak-land, Maine, is a central Maine me-tropolis, and I thank the chairman for quickly bringing this very important bipartisan bill to the floor. I want to salute the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the Congressman who has been in the lead with respect to this issue. Mr. Speaker, when I was a boy grow-ing up in central Maine, our brave men and women in uniform who were re-turning from the battlefield in Viet-nam were not treated well. I remember those days, and a lot of us also do. I be-lieve our country, Mr. Speaker, has learned a lesson that that shall never happen again. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, today, 22 vet-erans commit suicide in our country every day, and the majority of those veterans have served in Vietnam. When one of our veterans, any veteran, is in trouble and they call the crisis hotline, we need to make sure that those phones are answered and the individ-uals on the other end, our heroes, are not hung up on, inadvertently or other-wise. We need to make sure we take care of our veterans. Mr. Speaker, in the State of Maine, we love our veterans. The character of our country is measured in great part by how we treat our vet-erans. I am thrilled to cosponsor this bill because it will help correct this issue. I would like to close, Mr. Speaker, with a quote from George Washington: ‘‘The willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter how justified, shall be di-rectly proportional to how they per-ceive how the veterans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by their nation.’’ Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Y
OUNG for bringing this important legislation to the floor. I encourage everybody in this Cham-ber, Republicans and Democrats, to get behind this terrific bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. GABBARD ), who is also a mem-ber of the Hawaiian National Guard and an Iraq war veteran. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, not too long ago, I was woken up abruptly one morning by a text message from a friend of mine that I had both served and trained with in the Army. His mes-sage was alarming because it came after many months of struggle in his life: nightmares, posttraumatic stress, many late nights staying up self-medi-cating with alcohol, troubles with his family, and a constant desire coming from him that the only way he knew how to deal with the challenges that he had was to deploy again and again and again. Finally, he was home and he got to a point where he felt comfortable asking for help. He summoned up the courage one day—he was at his civilian job dur-ing the day—finally to call his local VA hotline, and he got a voice-mail. This strong, battle-worn, courageous infantryman broke down in tears and ran out of the office building where he worked. His frustration and disappoint-ment and even heartbreak was palpable that, even as he had spent so many years of his life answering the call to duty again and again and again, sacri-ficing so much, at that one moment that he made that very difficult deci-sion to finally ask for help, no one was there. No one answered the phone. He detailed this in a text message to me. I immediately called him and spent a couple of hours on the phone with him talking things through. I thanked him—he said: Sorry for both-ering you about this—but I thanked him for making that call and letting me know what happened to him, giving me the opportunity to not only see how I could help him as my friend, but to see how we collectively can take action to help all of our brothers and sisters, unfortunately, many of whom are going through challenges that are not so different from his. Just a few days ago, a veteran in my district called the Veterans Crisis Line for the first time. Her psychologist had encouraged her to place a test call to the crisis line so she could feel com-fortable with how it worked, she could see how it worked, and she would feel comfortable making that phone call in the future if she got to a point where she needed it at a point of emergency. So she called that number with her psychologist and they waited on hold for 24 minutes. It took 24 minutes be-fore someone finally answered the phone. Now, I can tell you, when I call the airlines to change a reservation or when I call the bank to deal with an issue, I get frustrated when I get placed on hold for 5 minutes or 10 minutes. I feel like this is a waste of my time and I am going to hang up the phone. It is virtually impossible for most people to understand that, when some-one has a bottle of prescription drugs in their hand or a gun or they are on the verge of taking their own life and they are sitting on hold for 24 minutes, what do we think the outcome will be? Sometimes we are seeing that the shortcomings and gaps of the VA and these help lines have been filled by phone call networks that have been slapped together by troops, whether they are soldiers or marines or airmen or sailors, who are looking out for their buddy, doing what they can to make sure that everyone has got each other’s phone numbers so that, if you get to that point where you need help, you have got someone to call who is going to answer the phone, who is going to talk you down from the edge, helping to make sure that, after they have survived the rigors and horrors of war and combat, they have a chance to live in peace when they come home. With the average of 22 veterans who go through all of that and who do come home yet are still taking their lives every single day, we cannot afford to give up. We cannot afford 24 minutes on hold. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Hawaii an addi-tional 30 seconds. Ms. GABBARD. This is why I strong-ly support and have cosponsored this critical piece of legislation, and I com-mend my colleague from Iowa for in-troducing it, H.R. 5392, the No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act. This bill establishes quality stand-ards and metrics to make sure that every call to the Veterans Crisis Line is answered quickly and by a live trained person. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in passing this legislation today be-cause the lives of our veterans depend on it. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation. I thank my colleagues who came to the floor to speak in sup-port of H.R. 5392. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, urge all of my colleagues on my side of the aisle to please join me in supporting this particular piece of leg-islation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5392. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.043 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5891 September 26, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
VETERANS EMERGENCY TREATMENT ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3216) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the emergency hospital care furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to certain veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3216 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Emergency Treatment Act’’ or the ‘‘VET Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF EMERGENCY HOS-PITAL CARE FURNISHED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO CERTAIN VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1730A the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 1730B. Examination and treatment for emergency medical conditions and women in labor ‘‘(a) M
EDICAL SCREENING EXAMINATIONS .— In carrying out this chapter, if any enrolled veteran requests, or a request is made on be-half of the veteran, for examination or treat-ment for a medical condition, regardless of whether such condition is service-connected, at a hospital emergency department of a medical facility of the Department, the Sec-retary shall ensure that the veteran is pro-vided an appropriate medical screening ex-amination within the capability of the emer-gency department, including ancillary serv-ices routinely available to the emergency de-partment, to determine whether an emer-gency medical condition exists. ‘‘(b) N
ECESSARY STABILIZING TREATMENT  
FOR EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDITIONS AND  L
ABOR .—(1) If an enrolled veteran comes to a medical facility of the Department and the Secretary determines that the veteran has an emergency medical condition, the Sec-retary shall provide either— ‘‘(A) such further medical examination and such treatment as may be required to sta-bilize the medical condition; or ‘‘(B) for the transfer of the veteran to an-other medical facility of the Department or a non-Department facility in accordance with subsection (c). ‘‘(2) The Secretary is deemed to meet the requirement of paragraph (1)(A) with respect to an enrolled veteran if the Secretary offers the veteran the further medical examination and treatment described in such paragraph and informs the veteran (or an individual acting on behalf of the veteran) of the risks and benefits to the veteran of such examina-tion and treatment, but the veteran (or indi-vidual) refuses to consent to the examina-tion and treatment. The Secretary shall take all reasonable steps to secure the written in-formed consent of such veteran (or indi-vidual) to refuse such examination and treat-ment. ‘‘(3) The Secretary is deemed to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) with respect to an enrolled veteran if the Secretary offers to transfer the individual to another medical facility in accordance with subsection (c) of this section and informs the veteran (or an individual acting on behalf of the veteran) of the risks and benefits to the veteran of such transfer, but the veteran (or individual) re-fuses to consent to the transfer. The hospital shall take all reasonable steps to secure the written informed consent of such veteran (or individual) to refuse such transfer. ‘‘(c) RESTRICTION OF TRANSFERS UNTIL VET-
ERAN STABILIZED .—(1) If an enrolled veteran at a medical facility of the Department has an emergency medical condition that has not been stabilized, the Secretary may not trans-fer the veteran to another medical facility of the Department or a non-Department facil-ity unless— ‘‘(A)(i) the veteran (or a legally responsible individual acting on behalf of the veteran), after being informed of the obligation of the Secretary under this section and of the risk of transfer, requests in writing a transfer to another medical facility; ‘‘(ii) a physician has signed a certification (including a summary of the risks and bene-fits) that, based upon the information avail-able at the time of transfer, the medical ben-efits reasonably expected from the provision of appropriate medical treatment at another medical facility outweigh the increased risks to the veteran and, in the case of labor, to the unborn child from effecting the transfer; or ‘‘(iii) if a physician is not physically present in the emergency department at the time a veteran is transferred, a qualified medical person (as defined by the Secretary in regulations) has signed a certification de-scribed in clause (ii) after a physician, in consultation with the person, has made the determination described in such clause, and subsequently countersigns the certification; and ‘‘(B) the transfer is an appropriate transfer as described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) An appropriate transfer to a medical facility is a transfer— ‘‘(A) in which the transferring medical fa-cility provides the medical treatment within the capacity of the facility that minimizes the risks to the health of the enrolled vet-eran and, in the case of a woman in labor, the health of the unborn child; ‘‘(B) in which the receiving facility— ‘‘(i) has available space and qualified per-sonnel for the treatment of the veteran; and ‘‘(ii) has agreed to accept transfer of the veteran and to provide appropriate medical treatment; ‘‘(C) in which the transferring facility sends to the receiving facility all medical records (or copies thereof), related to the emergency condition for which the veteran has presented, available at the time of the transfer, including records related to the emergency medical condition of the veteran, observations of signs or symptoms, prelimi-nary diagnosis, treatment provided, results of any tests and the informed written con-sent or certification (or copy thereof) pro-vided under paragraph (1)(A), and the name and address of any on-call physician (de-scribed in subsection (d)(1)(C) of this section) who has refused or failed to appear within a reasonable time to provide necessary stabi-lizing treatment; ‘‘(D) in which the transfer is effected through qualified personnel and transpor-tation equipment, as required including the use of necessary and medically appropriate life support measures during the transfer; and ‘‘(E) that meets such other requirements as the Secretary may find necessary in the interest of the health and safety of veterans transferred. ‘‘(d) C
HARGES .—(1) Nothing in this section may be construed to affect any charges that the Secretary may collect from a veteran or third party. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall treat any care provided by a non-Department facility pur-suant to this section as care otherwise pro-vided by a non-Department facility pursuant to this chapter for purposes of paying such non-Department facility for such care. ‘‘(e) NONDISCRIMINATION .—A medical facil-ity of the Department or a non-Department facility, as the case may be, that has special-ized capabilities or facilities (such as burn units, shock-trauma units, neonatal inten-sive care units, or (with respect to rural areas) regional referral centers as identified by the Secretary in regulation) shall not refuse to accept an appropriate transfer of an enrolled veteran who requires such special-ized capabilities or facilities if the facility has the capacity to treat the veteran. ‘‘(f) N
ODELAY IN EXAMINATION OR TREAT -
MENT .—A medical facility of the Department or a non-Department facility, as the case may be, may not delay provision of an appro-priate medical screening examination re-quired under subsection (a) or further med-ical examination and treatment required under subsection (b) of this section in order to inquire about the method of payment or insurance status of an enrolled veteran. ‘‘(g) W
HISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary may not take adverse action against an employee of the Department be-cause the employee refuses to authorize the transfer of an enrolled veteran with an emer-gency medical condition that has not been stabilized or because the employee reports a violation of a requirement of this section. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘emergency medical condi-tion’ means— ‘‘(A) a medical condition manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity (in-cluding severe pain) such that the absence of immediate medical attention could reason-ably be expected to result in— ‘‘(i) placing the health of the enrolled vet-eran (or, with respect to an enrolled veteran who is a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child) in serious jeop-ardy; ‘‘(ii) serious impairment to bodily func-tions; or ‘‘(iii) serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part; or ‘‘(B) with respect to an enrolled veteran who is a pregnant woman having contrac-tions— ‘‘(i) that there is inadequate time to effect a safe transfer to another hospital before de-livery; or ‘‘(ii) that transfer may pose a threat to the health or safety of the woman or the unborn child. ‘‘(2) The term ‘enrolled veteran’ means a veteran who is enrolled in the health care system established under section 1705(a) of this title. ‘‘(3) The term ‘to stabilize’ means, with re-spect to an emergency medical condition de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), to provide such medical treatment of the condition as may be necessary to assure, within reasonable medical probability, that no material dete-rioration of the condition is likely to result from or occur during the transfer of the en-rolled veteran from a facility, or, with re-spect to an emergency medical condition de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B), to deliver (in-cluding the placenta). ‘‘(4) The term ‘stabilized’ means, with re-spect to an emergency medical condition de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), that no material deterioration of the condition is likely, with-in reasonable medical probability, to result from or occur during the transfer of the indi-vidual from a facility, or, with respect to an emergency medical condition described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.045 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5892 September 26, 2016 
paragraph (1)(B), that the woman has deliv-ered (including the placenta). ‘‘(5) The term ‘transfer’ means the move-ment (including the discharge) of an enrolled veteran outside the facilities of a medical fa-cility of the Department at the direction of any individual employed by (or affiliated or associated, directly or indirectly, with) the Department, but does not include such a movement of an individual who— ‘‘(A) has been declared dead; or ‘‘(B) leaves the facility without the permis-sion of any such person.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections of such chapter is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 1730A the following new item: ‘‘1730B. Examination and treatment for emergency medical conditions and women in labor.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. b1630 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 3216, the Vet-erans Emergency Treatment—or VET— Act. It should be common sense, if a vet-eran is in need of medical attention and arrives on the grounds of a Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical facil-ity, that veteran would be seen, as-sessed, and treated immediately. How-ever, recently, a veteran who experi-enced a medical emergency in Wash-ington State traveled as far as the parking lot of his local VA emergency room before finding he could go no fur-ther, and he called the VA and asked for help in making it through the doors. He was told by the VA staff who answered his call that he should hang up and dial 911. To hear the VA staff express an un-willingness or an apprehension about assisting a veteran in the midst of his having a medical emergency in its own parking lot is not only unacceptable, it is emblematic of how much the VA has lost its way. H.R. 3216 would require the VA to de-termine whether a medical emergency exists among any enrolled veteran who presents at a VA facility and would prohibit the VA from transferring a medically unstable veteran unless the veteran submits a written request to be transferred or it finds that it is clini-cally unnecessary. It would also pro-hibit the VA from taking an adverse action against any employee who re-fuses to authorize a transfer or who prevents the VA from delaying needed care by inquiring about payment meth-od or insurance status. This legislation would help ensure that, in the case of a medical emergency, a veteran’s health remains the number one priority, which is where it should always belong. This bill is sponsored by my friend and colleague, Congressman DAN N
EWHOUSE from Washington State. I am grateful to him for sponsoring this measure, and I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in support of it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in regard to H.R. 3216, the Vet-erans Emergency Treatment Act. This bill requires that, if an enrolled veteran in the VA requests treatment at a VA Emergency Department, he or she will get that examination or treat-ment whether or not it is related to a service-connected condition. It also prohibits the VA from transferring a patient to another facility without its having the written consent of that vet-eran unless a physician deems the transfer medically necessary. It further prohibits the VA from taking adverse action against any VA employee in his refusing to authorize the transfer of an enrolled veteran if it is contrary to the veteran’s wishes. The purpose of this legislation is to have the VA follow the Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from the Fourth District of Wash-ington State (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), the spon-sor of this piece of legislation. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding me some time to speak on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, President Abraham Lin-coln once famously charged all Ameri-cans with the responsibility ‘‘to care for him who shall have borne the bat-tle.’’ If you speak with veterans today, you will learn that the quality of health care provided to them, many times, does not reflect this duty. In recent years, we have learned of multiple incidents in which the VA has failed to provide emergency care to veterans in need. In addition to the in-cidents that happened in my home State, another notable incident oc-curred in New Mexico, in the year 2014, when a veteran collapsed in the cafe-teria of a VA facility, and he ulti-mately died when the VA refused to transport him 500 yards across the campus to the ER. My legislation will ensure that every enrolled veteran who arrives at the Emergency Department of a VA med-ical facility and who seeks emergency treatment is assessed and treated in order to prevent further injury or death. This is accomplished by apply-ing the statutory requirements of the Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act, or EMTALA, to emergency care that is furnished by the VA to our veterans. This is a 1986 Federal statute that grants every individual a Federal right to emergency care. It requires a hos-pital to conduct a medical examination to determine if an emergency medical condition exists. If one does, then the hospital must either stabilize the pa-tient or effectuate a proper transfer at the patient’s request. Currently, VA hospitals are considered to be non-par-ticipating hospitals and, therefore, are not obligated to fulfill the require-ments of EMTALA. The VET Act will remove the non-participating designa-tion from VA hospitals and require them to fulfill the requirements of EMTALA, just as every other hospital does. Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to sup-port and pass H.R. 3216. It is time we ensure that our veterans receive proper medical treatment during emergency medical situations, all without requir-ing additional spending. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3216, the Veterans Emergency Treatment Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to support Mr. NEWHOUSE ’s piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3216. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 37 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1832 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 6 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 3537, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 5392, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.024 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5893 September 26, 2016 
electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
DANGEROUS SYNTHETIC DRUG CONTROL ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3537) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how con-trolled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 258, nays 101, not voting 72, as follows: 
[Roll No. 557] YEAS—258 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Cicilline Clark (MA) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Marino McCarthy McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—101 
Adams Amash Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Eshoo Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Labrador Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lummis Massie McClintock McCollum McDermott Moore Moulton Mulvaney Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Ribble Rokita Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Smith (WA) Stewart Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
NOT VOTING—72 
Beatty Becerra Bishop (UT) Blackburn Buchanan Butterfield Carney Carter (GA) Clarke (NY) Collins (NY) Costello (PA) Crenshaw Crowley DeSantis Duckworth Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Farr Fincher Fleming Forbes Fudge Gowdy Grayson Gutie´rrez Heck (NV) Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jolly Jones Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Lieu, Ted Lipinski Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCaul McGovern Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Nadler Pittenger Poe (TX) Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Roskam Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Schiff Schrader Shimkus Simpson Speier Tonko Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Westmoreland 
b1852 Ms. BROWN of Florida, Messrs. STUTZMAN, THOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, HONDA, HOYER, CARSON of Indiana, ROKITA, NOLAN, CA´RDENAS, LEWIS, VARGAS, and Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mses. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and KUSTER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to add certain synthetic substances to schedule I, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
NO VETERANS CRISIS LINE CALL SHOULD GO UNANSWERED ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5392) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Vet-erans Crisis Line, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 357, nays 0, not voting 74, as follows: 
[Roll No. 558] YEAS—357 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.049 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5894 September 26, 2016 
Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—74 
Beatty Becerra Blackburn Buchanan Butterfield Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Cohen Collins (NY) Costello (PA) Crenshaw Crowley DeSantis Duckworth Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Farr Fincher Fleming Forbes Fudge Gowdy Grayson Gutie´rrez Heck (NV) Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jones Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Lieu, Ted Lipinski Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCaul McGovern Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mullin Nadler Newhouse Pittenger Poe (TX) Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Roskam Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Schiff Schrader Shimkus Simpson Speier Tonko Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Westmoreland b1900 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, on September 26, 2016, I missed the voting session. If present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘Yes’’—H.R. 3537—Dangerous Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2016. ‘‘Yes’’—H.R. 5392—No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unan-swered Act. I intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on both of these bills. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I was not present during votes on September 26, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5392 and ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 3537. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will post-pone further proceedings today on ad-ditional motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record votes on postponed ques-tions will be taken later. 
f 
COAST GUARD AND MARITIME TRANSPORTATION AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2016 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5978) to amend title 14, United States Code, to clarify the functions of the Chief Acquisition Officer of the Coast Guard, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5978 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Amendments Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—COAST GUARD, NAVIGATION, AND SHIPPING Sec. 101. Coast Guard major acquisition pro-grams. Sec. 102. Prospective payment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care for the Coast Guard. Sec. 103. Oil spill disbursements auditing and report. Sec. 104. Deadline for compliance with alter-nate safety compliance pro-gram. Sec. 105. Coast Guard pier in Wilmington, North Carolina. Sec. 106. Backup global positioning system. Sec. 107. Arctic alternative planning cri-teria. TITLE II—OTHER MATTERS Sec. 201. Vessel ‘‘Apollonia’’. Sec. 202. Reimbursement for non-Federal construction costs of certain aids to navigation. Sec. 203. Corrections to provisions enacted by Coast Guard Authorization Acts. TITLE I—COAST GUARD, NAVIGATION, AND SHIPPING SEC. 101. COAST GUARD MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) F UNCTIONS OF CHIEF ACQUISITION OFFI-
CER.—Section 56(c) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of paragraph (8), strik-ing the period at the end of paragraph (9) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10)(A) keeping the Commandant in-formed of the progress of major acquisition programs (as that term is defined in section 581); ‘‘(B) informing the Commandant on a con-tinuing basis of any developments on such programs that may require new or revisited trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance, including— ‘‘(i) significant cost growth or schedule slippage; and ‘‘(ii) requirements creep (as that term is defined in section 2547(c)(1) of title 10); and ‘‘(C) ensuring that the views of the Com-mandant regarding such programs on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and perform-ance trade-offs are strongly considered by program managers and program executive officers in all phases of the acquisition proc-ess.’’. (b) C
USTOMER SERVICE MISSION OF DIREC-
TORATE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 561(b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) to meet the needs of customers of major acquisition programs in the most cost- effective manner practicable.’’; (B) in section 562, by repealing subsection (b) and redesignating subsections (c) through (g) as subsections (b) through (e), respec-tively; (C) in section 563, by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, the Commandant shall commence implemen-tation of’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commandant shall maintain’’; (D) by adding at the end of section 564 the following: ‘‘(c) A
CQUISITION OF UNMANNED AERIAL SYS-
TEMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—During any fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the de-sign or construction of the Offshore Patrol Cutter, the Commandant— ‘‘(A) may not award a contract for design of an unmanned aerial system for use by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(B) may acquire an unmanned aerial sys-tem only— ‘‘(i) if such a system has been acquired by, or has been used by, the Department of De-fense or the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, or a component thereof, before the date on which the Commandant acquires the system; and ‘‘(ii) through an agreement with such a de-partment or component, unless the un-manned aerial system can be obtained at less cost through independent contract action. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.026 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5895 September 26, 2016 
‘‘(2) L IMITATIONS ON APPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) S
MALL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS .— The limitations in paragraph (1)(B) do not apply to any small unmanned aerial system that consists of— ‘‘(i) an unmanned aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds on takeoff, including all com-ponents and equipment on board or other-wise attached to the aircraft; and ‘‘(ii) associated elements (including com-munication links and the components that control such aircraft) that are required for the safe and efficient operation of such air-craft. ‘‘(B) P
REVIOUSLY FUNDED SYSTEMS .—The limitations in paragraph (1) do not apply to the design or acquisition of an unmanned aerial system for which funds for research, development, test, and evaluation have been received from the Department of Defense or the department in which the Coast Guard is operating.’’; (E) in subchapter II, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 578. Role of Vice Commandant in major ac-quisition programs ‘‘The Vice Commandant— ‘‘(1) shall represent the customer of a major acquisition program with regard to trade-offs made among cost, schedule, tech-nical feasibility, and performance with re-spect to such program; and ‘‘(2) shall advise the Commandant in deci-sions regarding the balancing of resources against priorities, and associated trade-offs referred to in paragraph (1), on behalf of the customer of a major acquisition program. ‘‘§ 579. Extension of major acquisition pro-gram contracts ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 564(a)(2) of this title and section 2304 of title 10, and subject to subsections (b) and (c) of this section, the Secretary may acquire addi-tional units procured under a Coast Guard major acquisition program contract, by ex-tension of such contract without competi-tion, if the Director of the Cost Analysis Di-vision of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity determines that the costs that would be saved through award of a new contract in ac-cordance with such sections would not ex-ceed the costs of such an award. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF ADDITIONAL  U
NITS.—The number of additional units ac-quired under a contract extension under this section may not exceed the number of addi-tional units for which such determination is made. ‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATION OF COSTS UPON RE-
QUEST .—The Director of the Cost Analysis Division of the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall, at the request of the Secretary, determine for purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) the costs that would be saved through award of a new major acquisition program contract in accordance with section 564(a)(2) for the acquisition of a number of additional units specified by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) the costs of such award, including the costs that would be incurred due to acquisi-tion schedule delays and asset design changes associated with such award. ‘‘(d) N
UMBER OF EXTENSIONS .—A contract may be extended under this section more than once.’’; and (F) in section 581— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (10) as paragraphs (9) through (12), respec-tively, and by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), re-spectively; (ii) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) C
USTOMER OF A MAJOR ACQUISITION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘customer of a major acqui-sition program’ means the operating field unit of the Coast Guard that will field the system or systems acquired under a major acquisition program.’’; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (7), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(8) MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM .—The term ‘major acquisition program’ means an ongoing acquisition undertaken by the Coast Guard with a life-cycle cost estimate greater than or equal to $300,000,000.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to subchapter II the following: ‘‘578. Role of Vice Commandant in major ac-quisition programs. ‘‘579. Extension of major acquisition program contracts.’’. (c) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct a review of— (A) the authorities provided to the Com-mandant in chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, and other relevant statutes and regulations related to Coast Guard acquisi-tions, including developing recommenda-tions to ensure that the Commandant plays an appropriate role in the development of re-quirements, acquisition processes, and the associated budget practices; (B) implementation of the strategy pre-pared in accordance with section 562(b)(2) of title 14, United States Code, as in effect be-fore the enactment of this Act; and (C) acquisition policies, directives, and reg-ulations of the Coast Guard to ensure such policies, directives, and regulations establish a customer-oriented acquisition system. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Commandant shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report con-taining, at a minimum, the following: (A) The recommendations developed by the Commandant under paragraph (1) and other results of the review conducted under such paragraph. (B) The actions the Commandant is taking, if any, within the Commandant’s existing authority to implement such recommenda-tions. (3) M
ODIFICATION OF POLICIES , DIRECTIVES , 
AND REGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall modify the acquisition policies, directives, and regulations of the Coast Guard as nec-essary to ensure the development and imple-mentation of a customer-oriented acquisi-tion system, pursuant to the review under paragraph (1)(C). (d) A
NALYSIS OF USING MULTIYEAR CON-
TRACTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an analysis of the use of multiyear contracting, includ-ing procurement authority provided under section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, authority similar to that granted to the Navy under section 121(b) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 111 Stat. 1648) and section 150 of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 111–242; 124 Stat. 3519), and block buy authority to acquire Fast Re-sponse Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, heavy polar icebreakers, and medium polar icebreakers. (2) V
ESSELS TO BE ANALYZED .—Under para-graph (1) the Secretary shall analyze— (A) the acquisition of at least 5 Fast Re-sponse Cutters, beginning with Hull 43; (B) the acquisition of at least 5 Offshore Patrol Cutters, beginning with Hull 5; (C) the acquisition of at least 3 heavy polar icebreakers; and (D) the acquisition of at least 3 medium polar icebreakers. (3) CONTENTS .—The analysis under para-graph (1) shall include the costs and benefits of using multiyear contracting, the impact of multiyear contracting on delivery timelines, and whether the acquisitions ex-amined would meet the tests for the use of multiyear procurement authorities. 
SEC. 102. PROSPECTIVE PAYMENT OF FUNDS NECESSARY TO PROVIDE MEDICAL CARE FOR THE COAST GUARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 520. Prospective payment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care ‘‘(a) P
ROSPECTIVE PAYMENT REQUIRED .—In lieu of the reimbursement required under section 1085 of title 10, for periods when the Coast Guard is not operating as a service in the Navy the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall make a prospective payment to the Sec-retary of Defense of an amount that rep-resents the actuarial valuation of treatment or care— ‘‘(1) that the Department of Defense pro-vides to members of the Coast Guard, former members of the Coast Guard, and dependents of such members and former members (other than former members and dependents of former members who are a Medicare-eligible beneficiary or for whom the payment for treatment or care is made from the Medi-care-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund) at facilities under the jurisdiction of the De-partment of Defense or a military depart-ment; and ‘‘(2) for which a reimbursement would oth-erwise be made under such section 1085. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the prospec-tive payment under subsection (a) shall be— ‘‘(1) in the case of treatment or care to be provided to members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts ap-propriated for the operating expenses of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(2) in the case of treatment or care to be provided former members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts appropriated for retired pay; ‘‘(3) determined under procedures estab-lished by the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(4) paid during the fiscal year in which treatment or care is provided; and ‘‘(5) subject to adjustment or reconcili-ation as the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy and the Secretary of Defense determine appro-priate during or promptly after such fiscal year in cases in which the prospective pay-ment is determined excessive or insufficient based on the services actually provided. ‘‘(c) N
OPROSPECTIVE PAYMENT WHENSERV-
ICE IN NAVY.—No prospective payment shall be made under this section for any period during which the Coast Guard operates as a service in the Navy. ‘‘(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRICARE.—This sec-tion shall not be construed to require a pay-ment for, or the prospective payment of an amount that represents the value of, treat-ment or care provided under any TRICARE program.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘520. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.032 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5896 September 26, 2016 
(c) R EPEAL .—Section 217 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–120), and the item relating to that sec-tion in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act, are repealed. 
SEC. 103. OIL SPILL DISBURSEMENTS AUDITING AND REPORT. 
Section 1012 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712) is amended— (1) by repealing subsection (g); (2) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘Within one year after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, and annually thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, on the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code,’’; and (3) by amending subsection (l)(2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— ‘‘(A) a list of each disbursement of $500,000 or more from the Fund in the preceding fis-cal year, including disbursements to Federal agencies; ‘‘(B) a list of each disbursement of $500,000 or more from the Fund in the fiscal year pre-ceding the preceding fiscal year that has not been reimbursed by a responsible party; and ‘‘(C) a description of how each use of the Fund described in subparagraph (A) or (B) meets the requirements of subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 104. DEADLINE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH AL-TERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 4503(d)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘After January 1, 2020,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary,’’ and inserting ‘‘For each of fish-ing vessels, fish processing vessels, and fish tender vessels, after the later of January 1, 2020, or the end of the 3-year period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary pre-scribes an alternate safety compliance pro-gram developed in cooperation with the com-mercial fishing industry for such a vessel, such a vessel shall comply with the applica-ble alternate safety compliance program’’. 
SEC. 105. COAST GUARD PIER IN WILMINGTON, NORTH CAROLINA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act a re-port on— (1) short-term plans for berthing the USCGC Diligence in Wilmington, North Carolina, while the Coast Guard pier in Wil-mington is being repaired; and (2) long-term plans for repairing and main-taining such pier so that it can be used to berth such vessel and any future Coast Guard cutter stationed in Wilmington. (b) C
OSTESTIMATES .—The report shall in-clude cost estimates and timeframes for such short- and long-term plans. 
SEC. 106. BACKUP GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Positioning, Naviga-tion, and Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2016’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Subtitle VIII of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 807—POSITION, NAVIGATION, AND TIMING ‘‘Sec. ‘‘80701. Land-based complementary and backup system. ‘‘§ 80701. Land-based complementary and backup system ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, shall provide for the establishment, sustainment, and op-eration of a reliable land-based enhanced LORAN, or eLORAN, positioning, naviga-tion, and timing system to provide a com-plement to and backup for the Global Posi-tioning System (in this section referred to as ‘GPS’) to ensure the availability of uncorrupted and nondegraded positioning, navigation, and timing signals for military and civilian users in the event that GPS sig-nals are corrupted, degraded, unreliable, or otherwise unavailable. ‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS .—The system estab-lished under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) be wireless; ‘‘(2) be terrestrial; ‘‘(3) provide wide-area coverage; ‘‘(4) deliver a precise, high-power 100 kilo-hertz signal; ‘‘(5) be synchronized with coordinated uni-versal time; ‘‘(6) be resilient and extremely difficult to disrupt or degrade; ‘‘(7) be able to penetrate underground and inside buildings; ‘‘(8) be capable of ready deployment to re-mote locations; ‘‘(9) take full advantage of the infrastruc-ture of the existing, unused Government long-range navigation system (commonly known as ‘LORAN’); ‘‘(10) incorporate the expertise of the pri-vate sector with respect to development, building, and operation; ‘‘(11) work in concert with and complement any other similar positioning, navigation, and timing systems; ‘‘(12) be available for use by Federal and non-Federal government agencies for public purposes at no cost; and ‘‘(13) incorporate such other requirements determined necessary by the Commandant. ‘‘(c) R
EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than three months after the date of enactment of this section, the Commandant, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, shall publish a request for proposals to solicit op-tions for— ‘‘(A) eLORAN system architecture; and ‘‘(B) business models for the design, instal-lation, operation, and maintenance of an eLORAN system in accordance with this sec-tion for a period of no less than 20 years. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTING OPTIONS .—The request for proposals shall request options that— ‘‘(A) incorporate the expertise of the pri-vate sector; and ‘‘(B) allow for the expeditious installation, daily operation, and routine maintenance of an eLORAN system architecture. ‘‘(d) I
MPLEMENTATION DATE.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, shall provide to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a plan to en-sure that the system required under this sec-tion is fully operational not later than 3 years after such date of enactment.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subtitle VIII of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to chapter 805 the following: ‘‘807. Position, Navigation, and Tim-ing................................................ 80701’’. 
SEC. 107. ARCTIC ALTERNATIVE PLANNING CRI-TERIA. 
(a) G ENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may approve alternative plan-ning criteria for an area of lesser geographic extent than the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic for purposes of complying with sections 155.1035(i) and 155.5035(i) of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, only if the Com-mandant— (1) publishes the proposed alternative plan-ning criteria in the Federal Register for no-tice and comment in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code; (2) completes a study of the economic im-pacts on the Arctic of such criteria; and (3) submits a report on such study to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (b) DEFINITION .—For the purposes of this section ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning that term has under section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). TITLE II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 201. VESSEL ‘‘APOLLONIA’’. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a certificate of documentation with a coastwise endorsement for the vessel Apol-lonia (United States official number 1266527). 
SEC. 202. REIMBURSEMENT FOR NON-FEDERAL CONSTRUCTION COSTS OF CERTAIN AIDS TO NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of amounts specifically provided in advance in subsequent appropriations Acts and in accordance with this section, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may reim-burse a non-Federal entity for costs incurred by the entity for a covered project. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—The Commandant may not provide reimbursement under subsection (a) with respect to a covered project unless— (1) the need for the project is a result of the completion of construction with respect to a federally authorized navigation channel; (2) the Commandant determines, through an appropriate navigation safety analysis, that the project is necessary to ensure safe marine transportation; (3) the Commandant approves the design of the project to ensure that it meets all appli-cable Coast Guard aid to navigation stand-ards and requirements; (4) the non-Federal entity agrees to trans-fer the project upon completion to the Coast Guard to be operated and maintained by the Coast Guard as a Federal aid to navigation; (5) the non-Federal entity carries out the project in accordance with the same laws and regulations that would apply to the Coast Guard if the Coast Guard carried out the project, including obtaining all permits required for the project under Federal and State law; and (6) the Commandant determines that the project satisfies such additional require-ments as may be established by the Com-mandant. (c) L
IMITATIONS .—Reimbursements under subsection (a) may not exceed the following: (1) For a single covered project, $5,000,000. (2) For all covered projects in a single fis-cal year, $5,000,000. (d) E
XPIRATION .—The authority granted under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this section. (e) C
OVERED PROJECT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered project’’ means a project carried out by a non-Federal entity to construct and establish an aid to naviga-tion that facilitates safe and efficient ma-rine transportation on a federally authorized navigation channel. 
SEC. 203. CORRECTIONS TO PROVISIONS EN-ACTED BY COAST GUARD AUTHOR-IZATION ACTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE CORRECTION .—The Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.032 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5897 September 26, 2016 
114–120) is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015’’ each place it ap-pears (including in quoted material) and in-serting ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ITLE 46, U NITED STATES CODE.— (1) Section 7510 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1)(D), by striking ‘‘en-gine’’ and inserting ‘‘engineer’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(9), by inserting a pe-riod after ‘‘App’’. (2) Section 4503(f)(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, that’’ and inserting ‘‘, then’’. (c) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO THE PRIBILOF  I
SLANDS .— (1) S
HORT TITLE CORRECTION .—Section 521 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120), as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 105(e)(1) of the Pribilof Islands Transition Act (16 U.S.C. 1161 note; Public Law 106–562) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 522(b)(2) of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (d) T
ITLE 14, U NITED STATES CODE.— (1) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 2702 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘$6,981,036,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,986,815,000’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘$140,016,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$134,237,000’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of part III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the pe-riod at the end of the item relating to chap-ter 29. (e) N
ATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES COST A
SSESSMENT .—Section 604(a) of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–120) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘365 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act,’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2017,’’. (f) C
ONTINUATION ON ACTIVE DUTY: BOARD .— Section 290(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘five officers serving in the grade of vice admiral’’ and inserting ‘‘5 officers (other than the Commandant) serving in the grade of admiral or vice admi-ral’’. (g) C
ERTIFICATE OF DOCUMENTATION .—Sec- tion 604(b) of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Authorization Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281) is amended by inserting ‘‘and fisheries endorsement’’ after ‘‘endorse-ment’’. (h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of Public Law 114– 120. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5978. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before we talk about H.R. 5978, I would like to talk about what is not in this bill, which is prob-ably one of the most important things that is my duty, Mr. GARAMENDI ’s duty, and the Coast Guard’s duty to get done—and that is build a polar ice-breaker. Let me tell you why there is no polar icebreaker in this bill: the CBO couldn’t get their act together in time to score this one way or another. So, again, this body is held ransom by the Congressional Budget Office not scor-ing something one way or another, whether it is good to go or not. The reason it is so important that we have more polar icebreakers and that we included the language that passed the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee last week is this: we do not have 24/7, 365-day polar icebreaking ability for the Arctic. The Russians have over 40 polar icebreakers. That is over 40, some of which are even nu-clear. China has got more than 20 now. The United States only has one that is capable of crushing heavy ice, and even that is not available 24/7, 365. The High Latitude Region Mission Analysis revealed the following Coast Guard missions—defense readiness; ice operations; marine environmental pro-tection; and ports, waterways, and coastal security in the Arctic—were significantly impacted by the gap in this mission performance. It is these gaps and the knowledge that, when the Polar Star reaches the end of its ex-tended service life, we will have a pe-riod where the Coast Guard doesn’t have a heavy icebreaker at all, let alone what it has now, which is limited capability in the Arctic. Progress is being made on the acqui-sition front. Mr. G
ARAMENDI and I and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee granted the Coast Guard the capability to do block buys, which is what the Navy has, where you can purchase more than one vessel at a time, which saves billions of dollars. We also gave them the ability to have lead-time materials, which means they could buy the materials way in advance, which would save tens of mil-lions of dollars. The Coast Guard now has this ability for the FRC and the OPC. We want them to have it for the icebreaker as well, but because of the CBO not scoring this, we weren’t able to get the language in. Here is the specific language that is missing from H.R. 5978: ‘‘The Commandant of the Coast Guard, subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in ad-vance in subsequent appropriations acts may enter into a contract for the acquisition of no less than three heavy polar icebreakers; and may enter into a contract for acquisition of additional polar icebreakers, except that the total number of icebreakers acquired under this subsection may not exceed six.’’ We are talking about three. Right now we have one. ‘‘Such acquisitions may be made through block buy contracts; may be incrementally funded; may include combined purchases, also known as economic order quantity purchases, of materials and components; and long lead time materials; and may include advance construction funding.’’ This is what the Navy has for every ship that they make. This is one reason we created a joint program office be-tween the Coast Guard and the Navy, so that the Navy can push the Coast Guard to do the right thing. The Coast Guard, let it be said, at the best, has been dragging their feet on acquiring these icebreakers. In fact, they have been pushing back against Congress every inch of the way on this. In my point of view, this is just like UAVs, or the unmanned aerial vehicles that we have now, Predators and the like. Congress earmarked those be-cause the Air Force did not want pilot-less airplanes. Then you would have to get rid of pilots. So the Air Force pushed back day and night in the late nineties and this Congress earmarked Predator drones. That is why we have Predator drones. The military pushed back against Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected ve-hicles, also known as MRAP vehicles, which have saved thousands of lives in Iraq and Afghanistan, also pushed by Congress, not the U.S. military. In things like this, Congress is able to see things outside the box, which the Coast Guard cannot in this case. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) has been an extraordinary leader on trying to ad-dress a critical need that the United States has. The Arctic Ocean is opening. There is not only a Northwest Passage, but there is a Northeast Passage. And this year, just a couple of weeks ago—less than 2 weeks ago—a cruise ship passed through the Northwest Passage with-out the aid of an icebreaker. We absolutely have to have a polar icebreaker. As the chairman said, we have one icebreaker today, and it is going to go in for overhaul. When it does, we have no heavy icebreaker ei-ther for the North Pole or the South Pole. We are in trouble. We have to have this. The U.S. Navy has to have it. U.S. security has to have it. And certainly for the commerce in the Arctic, we have to have it. It is a reality. The Arc-tic Ocean is opening. Commerce will take place. And it will also need mili-tary availability in that area. The legislation that is before us today does not have the proper lan-guage in it because of CBO sitting on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.032 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5898 September 26, 2016 
their duff and doodling numbers when we know we need this language. The Senate appropriations bill has a billion dollars for icebreakers, but there is no authorization. Unfortu-nately, because of our rules here, we had to strip the language out. Later, we hope to put the language back in, but it is not available today. We have to have this. We go back meeting after meeting, hearing after hearing, year after year, 4 or 5 years that we have been working on this, and then, at the very last moment, CBO can’t get its act together. Well, I am sorry, CBO. We ought to waive the rules and get on with what we need to do here, which is to provide the author-ization. The language that the chairman has worked out with me and others would not only provide the authorization, but would do it in such a way as to give us the very best possible financial deal on the construction of icebreakers—that is a block buy—and also authorizing, should the money be available in the future, an additional three lighter ice-breakers beyond the three heavy ice-breakers. Not to say we are going to build it all at once, but the authorization is in the law. That then allows the Coast Guard to properly line it up for the very best deal that we can get, maybe one at a time, maybe two or three over a 5- or 10-year period of time. Unfortunately, that language had to be stripped out. So when the chairman started his ex-planation of this bill, he did so to call all of our attention to what is not in the bill that should have been in the bill, but for CBO and the rules that we have that require us to have CBO’s ac-counting before we move an authoriza-tion. That is where we are today. Unfortu-nately, it is where we are. So we are going to move this bill along. We will probably—hopefully—come back before this session is over in the lameduck session and write this thing properly. Unfortunately, today we are not there. There is more to be said about the rest of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, now we are going to get back to H.R. 5978, which is a very good bill in and of itself that, once again, doesn’t have the language that we tried to get in. H.R. 5978, the Coast Guard and Mari-time Transportation Amendments Act of 2016, is a catch-all bill that addresses a number of different Coast Guard and maritime transportation issues. The bill involves improvements to the Coast Guard acquisition authori-ties to ensure the acquisition program keeps in mind the needs of Coast Guard operating units when acquiring assets. This provision also requires an analysis on the use of multiyear procurement and block buy authorities related to the purchase of Fast Response Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and polar ice-breakers, but just a report. We already know from watching the Navy do business for the last few dec-ades that block buys save hundreds of millions of dollars. At the request of the GAO, the bill repeals a GAO report regarding dis-bursements from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. The information that was collected by GAO will be incorporated into an existing Coast Guard report. Due to certain recent weather events impacting a Coast Guard pier in Wil-mington, North Carolina, the Coast Guard is required to issue a one-time report detailing short- and long-term plans to replace and maintain the pier. Certain fishing industries will be as-sisted by the bill, including those that would be affected by a prescribed Al-ternative Safety Compliance Program to be issued by the Coast Guard by Jan-uary 1, 2017. If the service does not issue the pro-gram by January 1, 2017, which is hope-fully the case, the bill would provide a 3-year window for industry compliance from the date the Coast Guard issues the program. It has been a long-term interest for many, including Ranking Member G
ARAMENDI , who has been instru-mental—and I would say more instru-mental than myself—in preparing the language included in this legislation that there be a reliable land-based po-sitioning, navigation, and timing sys-tem to complement, supplement, and back up the Global Positioning System that we now use, the GPS. We have all seen what the Chinese can do now in knocking down sat-ellites. If our GPS goes out, there is no other way for us to navigate the oceans or to navigate land. The eLoran system does this to ensure the continuous availability of uncorrupted or non-de-graded signals for military and civilian users. The bill directed the Coast Guard to establish and maintain such a backup system. b1915 Aids to navigation are important tools that allow vessels to safely navi-gate waterways. The bill would allow the Commandant, subject to appropria-tions, to reimburse a non-Federal enti-ty for costs incurred by that entity to construct and establish an aid to navi-gation that would otherwise be con-structed by the Coast Guard. Aids to navigation facilitate safe and efficient maritime transportation on federally authorized navigation chan-nels. Specific conditions for reimburse-ment are outlined. Reimbursements for a single project are limited to $5 mil-lion, and the authority expires 4 years after the date of enactment of the bill. There are concerns with the Coast Guard’s Western Alaska Captain of the Port Zone approving alternate plan-ning criteria for areas covering only a portion of the zone. This action would create two adjacent areas with dif-ferent levels of prevention and response preparedness. This bill requires public notice, an economic study, and a report to Congress on the study before ap-proval of any criteria not covering the full Western Alaska zone. Lastly, the bill makes a variety of technical changes to provisions in en-acted Coast Guard Authorization Acts. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I join Chairman HUNTER in strong sup-port for the legislation and to advance this new policy initiative to improve the oversight of the Coast Guard and the major acquisition programs, and also to advance the safety and security of the U.S. maritime industry. H.R. 5978, the Coast Guard and Mari-time Transportation Amendments Act, is bipartisan legislation. We have talked about some of the provisions that are not in the bill. I will try to talk about those that are in the bill. It deserves the robust support from Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle, and I urge its quick passage, probably as early as today. I thank the gentleman, Mr. H
UNTER , for his unwavering support of the Coast Guard and the work that we are able to do together with the members of the committee. Of great significance, this legislation will address an overlooked and under-appreciated threat to our national and economic security: the fact that GPS, Global Positioning System, it has been identified for nearly 20 years as the sin-gle point of failure, with serious impli-cations for our national security and economy. I know we are not able to use these little machines called cell phones on the floor, but if we could, they are to-tally reliant on GPS. You go down to the ATM, it will not work without GPS. Our systems of navigation, in-cluding such things as positive train control, totally dependent upon GPS. In fact, Wall Street, totally dependent on GPS. It is timing, navigation, and positioning. That is GPS. We have no backup; other countries do. You might ask, why is China, why is Russia, why are they building a GLAN-based backup to GPS? Well, they know that if there is trouble, the first thing that is going to disappear is GPS. Right now, GPS can be knocked out by somebody driving down the freeway with their 18-wheeler and using an antiradar device. You might ask what happened at the Newark airport. That is exactly what happened. GPS was knocked out by somebody on Inter-state 95 with a radar device. It is a very weak signal, but it is an extraordinarily important signal. So this bill provides for a backup system which has been discussed for nearly 20 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.054 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5899 September 26, 2016 
years, and we have gone round and round the Bush—I guess that is the right thing—and the Clinton, in be-tween, without any action. So this bill would actually push this forward to give us an opportunity to establish a backup system, which is ac-tually very old but will be updated with the enhanced LORAN system, dat-ing back to the 1940s, which was the first navigational system that we built in the United States. Much of the system is already avail-able; the towers, the locations, much of that is in place. This would authorize a public-private partnership to put that in place. I won’t go into it anymore, but it is high time that we get on with this. The chairman laid out how it is going to be done in his talk and, hopefully, we can finally get this underway. There are many, many other pieces that are in this legislation. We have talked a little bit about the Coast Guard icebreakers. We do have a study—oh, my goodness, another study. It is the best we could do at the mo-ment. The chairman and I talked about what we would like to accomplish with more than that with his actual author-ization. The block buy, we have got to do it, and, hopefully, we will. There are other things that are in the bill that the chairman has described. I won’t go into them today in any more detail but to say that, in my written statement, it will be covered. One more thing, to back up the GPS, I include in the R
ECORD about 15 years of studies by Federal Government agencies that all say we have got to have a backup system, and the eLORAN is the best. Mr. Chairman, shall we continue on and beat this for a while longer or shall we say let’s pass the bill and get on with it? I am pleased to rise and join Chairman H
UNTER in strong support of this legislation to advance new policy initiatives to improve the oversight of the Coast Guard’s major acquisi-tion programs and to advance the safety and security of the U.S. maritime industry. H.R. 5978, the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Amendments Act of 2016, is bi-partisan legislation that was developed to ad-dress issues that have arisen since the Con-gress passed a two-year comprehensive Coast Guard authorization bill earlier this year. This legislation is deserving of robust sup-port from members on both sides of the aisle and I urge its quick passage by the House today so it can be sent to the other body for its consideration and passage before the 114th Congress adjourns sine die. I want to thank Chairman H
UNTER for his unwavering leadership and for the cooperative spirit of this excellent staff in working with me and other Democratic members to address our interests and concerns in this legislation. Of greatest significance, this legislation will address an overlooked need and under-appre-ciated threat to our national and economic se-curity—the fact that the Global Positioning System, or GPS, has been identified as a sin-gle point of failure with serious implications for our national security and economy. GPS has revolutionized how we live, work, and play. Signals provided by GPS satellites ensure that literally everything that we rou-tinely depend on not only runs, but runs with unprecedented reliability and precision. We have all benefitted from GPS: whether through the distribution of power from our electric grid; the coordination of timing signals for trains and traffic signals; or, to improve the efficiency of maritime search and rescue mis-sions launched by the Coast Guard. There is no denying that GPS has been a tremendous technological asset. But the reality is that GPS signals are relatively weak and fairly easy to degrade, disrupt or jam. This is not a hypothetical matter; this threat is real, and it is happening now. Just last week, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, Admiral Paul Zukunft, while speaking at a National Harbor Safety Con-ference in Portland, Oregon, cited over 100 in-stances in which vessels experienced disrup-tion to their GPS reception. There is nothing we can do to change the underlying physics of the GPS signal. We can, however, take necessary and appropriate ac-tions now to ensure that a reliable land-based back-up system for positioning, navigation and timing signals is available when needed. Moreover, if the Russians, the Chinese, the EU, and other nations are developing land- based GPS back-up systems, the United States should have its own system as well. Since 2001 the Federal Government, nota-bly the PNT Executive Committee, has been evaluating options. The Executive Committee concluded in December, 2014 that an en-hanced LORAN, or eLORAN system, would be the most cost-effective and reliable back-up for GPS signals. What this legislation will do is force the Fed-eral Government to finally take action on its own recommendation. The Coast Guard, which for decades oper-ated the LORAN-C navigation system (the predecessor of GPS), would be directed to publish a request for proposals, complete a plan for the architecture of an eLORAN sys-tem, and get a system built and fully oper-ational within three years. Make no mistake, this is a significant under-taking. But the stakes of doing nothing is a risky roll of the dice we would be well-advised to avoid. I strongly urge members on both sides to support this important provision. I am also very pleased that this legislation continues to move forward in our efforts to re-capitalize the Coast Guard’s legacy fleet of polar class heavy icebreakers. It is clear that we are witnessing the open-ing of the Arctic to maritime commerce, and with it, the creation of a whole new ocean of operational responsibility for the Coast Guard. In this most challenging of maritime environ-ments, it is vital that the Service has the icebreaking capabilities it will need to operate safely and effectively. I must express my disappointment that we were unable to retain the ‘‘block buy’’ provi-sion that was reported out of the Transpor-tation Committee. Nevertheless, the analysis of multi-year pro-curement and block buy contracting called for in this legislation would be helpful to have on hand when the Congress ultimately does ap-propriate funds for the construction of these vital new national security assets. I also want to express my support for other provisions in the bill, notably language that will ensure commercial fishermen a full three years to comply with new alternative safety compliance program requirements from the date the Coast Guard publishes these require-ments. Additionally, I want to express my support for the provision that would grant to the Coast Guard authority to reimburse private entities for their costs to construct a Federal naviga-tion aid. The additional sideboards that were added have clarified the scope and intent of this new authority. I want to thank Congress-man BLAKE FARENTHOLD for his willingness to work to improve this provision. Mr. Speaker, I again want to express my appreciation to Chairman H
UNTER and his staff for their support for the Coast Guard and the U.S. Maritime industry, and for their collabora-tion in developing this legislation. I also want to thank the Chairman of the full Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Congressman B
ILLSHUSTER , and the Ranking Member on the full Committee, Congressman P
ETER DEFAZIO, for their leadership and sup-port for the Committee’s maritime agenda. In closing, this legislation is bipartisan and non-controversial. It deserves the full support of the House. 
NSPD–39: U.S. S PACE -BASED POSITION , NAVI-
GATION , AND TIMING POLICY , DECEMBER 15, 2004 
FACT SHEET  The President authorized a new national policy on December 8, 2004 that establishes guidance and implementation actions for space-based positioning, navigation, and timing programs, augmentations, and activi-ties for U.S. national and homeland security, civil, scientific, and commercial purposes. This policy supersedes Presidential Decision Directive/National Science and Technology Council–6, U.S. Global Positioning System Policy, dated March 28, 1996. I. Scope and Definitions This policy provides guidance for: (1) devel-opment, acquisition, operation, sustainment, and modernization of the Global Positioning System and U.S.-developed, owned and/or op-erated systems used to augment or otherwise improve the Global Positioning System and/ or other space-based positioning, navigation, and timing signals; (2) development, deploy-ment, sustainment, and modernization of ca-pabilities to protect U.S. and allied access to and use of the Global Positioning System for national, homeland, and economic security, and to deny adversaries access to any space- based positioning, navigation, and timing services; and (3) foreign access to the Global Positioning System and United States Gov-ernment augmentations, and international cooperation with foreign space-based posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services, in-cluding augmentations. For purposes of this document: ‘‘Interoperable’’ refers to the ability of civil U.S. and foreign space-based posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services to be used together to provide better capabili-ties at the user level than would be achieved by relying solely on one service or signal; ‘‘Compatible’’ refers to the ability of U.S. and foreign space-based positioning, naviga-tion, and timing services to be used sepa-rately or together without interfering with each individual service or signal, and with-out adversely affecting navigation warfare; and ‘‘Augmentation’’ refers to space and/or ground-based systems that provide users of space-based positioning, navigation, and timing signals with additional information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.056 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5900 September 26, 2016 
that enables users to obtain enhanced per-formance when compared to the un-aug-mented space-based signals alone. These im-provements include better accuracy, avail-ability, integrity, and reliability, with inde-pendent integrity monitoring and alerting capabilities for critical applications. II. Background Over the past decade, the Global Posi-tioning System has grown into a global util-ity whose multiuse services are integral to U.S. national security, economic growth, transportation safety, and homeland secu-rity, and are an essential element of the worldwide economic infrastructure. In the year 2000, the United States recognized the increasing importance of the Global Posi-tioning System to civil and commercial users by discontinuing the deliberate deg-radation of accuracy for non-military sig-nals, known as Selective Availability. Since that time, commercial and civil applications of the Global Positioning System have con-tinued to multiply and their importance has increased significantly. Services dependent on Global Positioning System information are now an engine for economic growth, en-hancing economic development, and improv-ing safety of life, and the system is a key component of multiple sectors of U.S. crit-ical infrastructure. While the growth in civil and commercial applications continues, the positioning, navigation, and timing information provided by the Global Positioning System remains critical to U.S. national security, and its ap-plications are integrated into virtually every facet of U.S. military operations. United States and allied military forces will con-tinue to rely on the Global Positioning Sys-tem military services for positioning, navi-gation, and timing services. The continuing growth of services based on the Global Positioning System presents op-portunities, risks, and threats to U.S. na-tional, homeland, and economic security. The widespread and growing dependence on the Global Positioning System of military, civil, and commercial systems and infra-structures has made many of these systems inherently vulnerable to an unexpected interruption in positioning, navigation, and/ or timing services. In addition, whether de-signed for military capabilities or not, all positioning, navigation, and timing signals from space and their augmentations provide inherent capabilities that can be used by ad-versaries, including enemy military forces and terrorist groups. Finally, emerging for-eign space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services could enhance or undermine the future utility of the Global Positioning System. The United States must continue to im-prove and maintain the Global Positioning System, augmentations, and backup capa-bilities to meet growing national, homeland, and economic security requirements, for civil requirements, and to meet commercial and scientific demands. In parallel, we must continue to improve capabilities to deny ad-versary access to all space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services, particularly including services that are openly available and can be readily used by adversaries and/or terrorists to threaten the security of the United States. In addition, the diverse re-quirements for and multiple applications of space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services require stable yet adaptable policies and management mechanisms. The existing management mechanisms for the Global Positioning System and its aug-mentations must be modified to accommo-date a multi-use approach to program plan-ning, resource allocation, system develop-ment, and operations. Therefore, the United States Government must improve the policy and management framework governing the Global Positioning System and its aug-mentations to support their continued abil-ity to meet increasing and varied domestic and global requirements. III. Goals and Objectives The fundamental goal of this policy is to ensure that the United States maintains space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services, augmentation, back-up, and service denial capabilities that: (1) provide uninterrupted availability of positioning, navigation, and timing services; (2) meet growing national, homeland, economic secu-rity, and civil requirements, and scientific and commercial demands; (3) remain the pre- eminent military space-based positioning, navigation, and timing service; (4) continue to provide civil services that exceed or are competitive with foreign civil space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services and augmentation systems; (5) remain essen-tial components of internationally accepted positioning, navigation, and timing services; and (6) promote U.S. technological leader-ship in applications involving space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services. To achieve this goal, the United States Gov-ernment shall: Provide uninterrupted access to U.S. space-based global, precise positioning, navi-gation, and timing services for U.S. and al-lied national security systems and capabili-ties through the Global Positioning System, without being dependent on foreign posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services; Provide on a continuous, worldwide basis civil space-based, positioning, navigation, and timing services free of direct user fees for civil, commercial, and scientific uses, and for homeland security through the Glob-al Positioning System and its augmenta-tions, and provide open, free access to infor-mation necessary to develop and build equip-ment to use these services; Improve capabilities to deny hostile use of any space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services, without unduly disrupting civil and commercial access to civil posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services out-side an area of military operations, or for homeland security purposes; Improve the performance of space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services, including more robust resistance to inter-ference for, and consistent with, U.S. and al-lied national security purposes, homeland se-curity, and civil, commercial, and scientific users worldwide; Maintain the Global Positioning System as a component of multiple sectors of the U.S. Critical Infrastructure, consistent with Homeland Security Presidential Directive–7, Critical Infrastructure Identification, Prioritization, and Protection, dated Decem-ber 17, 2003; Encourage foreign development of posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services and systems based on the Global Positioning System. Seek to ensure that foreign space- based positioning, navigation, and timing systems are interoperable with the civil services of the Global Positioning System and its augmentations in order to benefit civil, commercial, and scientific users world-wide. At a minimum, seek to ensure that for-eign systems are compatible with the Global Positioning System and its augmentations and address mutual security concerns with foreign providers to prevent hostile use of space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services; and Promote the use of U.S. space-based posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services and capabilities for applications at the Federal, State, and local level, to the maximum prac-tical extent. IV. Management of Space-Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Services This policy establishes a permanent Na-tional Space-Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Executive Committee. The Exec-utive Committee will be co-chaired by the Deputy Secretaries of the Department of De-fense and the Department of Transportation or by their designated representatives. Its members will include representatives at the equivalent level from the Departments of State, Commerce, and Homeland Security, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, and from other Departments and Agencies as required. Components of the Executive Office of the President, including the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, the National Security Council staff, the Homeland Security Coun-cil staff, the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, and the National Economic Council staff, shall participate as observers to the Executive Committee. The Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission shall be invited to participate on the Execu-tive Committee as a Liaison. The Executive Committee shall meet at least twice each year. The Secretaries of Defense and Trans-portation shall develop the procedures by which the Committee shall operate. The Executive Committee shall make rec-ommendations to its member Departments and Agencies, and to the President through the representatives of the Executive Office of the President. In addition, the Executive Committee will advise and coordinate with and among the Departments and Agencies responsible for the strategic decisions re-garding policies, architectures, require-ments, and resource allocation for maintain-ing and improving U.S. space-based posi-tioning, navigation, and timing infrastruc-tures, including the Global Positioning Sys-tem, its augmentations, security for these services, and relationships with foreign posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services. Specifically, the Executive Committee shall: Ensure that national security, homeland security, and civil requirements receive full and appropriate consideration in the deci-sion-making process and facilitate the inte-gration and de-confliction of these require-ments for space-based positioning, naviga-tion, and timing capabilities, as required; Coordinate individual Departments’ and Agencies’ positioning, navigation, and tim-ing program plans, requirements, budgets, and policies, and assess the adequacy of funding and schedules to meet validated re-quirements in a timely manner; Ensure that the utility of civil services ex-ceeds, or is at least equivalent to, those rou-tinely provided by foreign space-based posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services; Promote plans to modernize the U.S. space-based positioning, navigation, and timing infrastructure, including: (1) develop-ment, deployment, and operation of new and/ or improved national security and public safety services when required and to the maximum practical extent; and (2) deter-mining the apportionment of requirements between the Global Positioning System and its augmentations, including consideration of user equipment; Review proposals and provide rec-ommendations to the Departments and Agencies for international cooperation, as well as spectrum management and protec-tion issues; and Establish a space-based Positioning, Navi-gation, and Timing Advisory Board. The board shall be comprised of experts from out-side the United States Government, and shall be chartered as a Federal Advisory Committee. The Executive Committee shall establish the National Space-Based Positioning, Navi-gation, and Timing Coordination Office. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.033 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5901 September 26, 2016 
office shall provide the staff functions for the Executive Committee. It shall be led by a full-time Director chosen by, and reporting to the Executive Committee, and shall in-clude a cadre of full-time staff provided by Departments and Agencies represented on the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee shall determine the resources for the National Space-Based Positioning, Navi-gation, and Timing Coordination Office, in-cluding funding, location, staffing, and com-position, consistent with the direction of this policy. The National Space-Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Coordination Office shall serve as the Secretariat for the Execu-tive Committee and shall perform those functions delegated by the Executive Com-mittee. Departments and Agencies shall pro-vide appropriate information to the National Space-Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Coordination Office to ensure inter-agency transparency about positioning, navi-gation, and timing programs, policies, budg-ets, and activities that might affect mutual interests or interagency dependencies. The Interagency Global Positioning System Ex-ecutive Board is hereby disestablished, and the Executive Committee or the National Space-Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Coordination Office, as appropriate, shall assume its functions as defined in the Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Execu-tive Committee Charter, consistent with the direction provided in this policy. The Executive Committee shall advise and coordinate the interdepartmental resource allocation for the Global Positioning System and it augmentations on an annual basis. The Secretary of Defense shall have primary responsibility for providing resources for de-velopment, acquisition, operation, sustainment, and modernization of the Glob-al Positioning System. The Secretary of Transportation shall provide resources to the Secretary of Defense for assessment, de-velopment, acquisition, implementation, op-eration, and sustainment of additional des-ignated Global Positioning System civil ca-pabilities beyond the second and third civil signals already contained in the current Global Positioning System program Global Positioning System civil signal performance monitoring, augmentations, and other unique positioning, navigation, and timing capabilities will be funded by the agency or agencies requiring those services or capabili-ties, including out-year procurement and op-erations costs. Any new technical features proposed and funded by the civil agencies shall not degrade or displace existing or planned national security functions of the system. If the Executive Committee rec-ommends that the availability of Global Po-sitioning System capabilities should be ac-celerated, the Executive Committee will make recommendations regarding the re-sources required to accelerate those capabili-ties. Resource issues will be resolved during the regular budget process. The details of the cost sharing between: (1) the Department of Defense and the Depart-ment of Transportation, for the Global Posi-tioning System; and (2) Departments and Agencies sponsoring augmentations, and/or unique or accelerated capabilities, shall be outlined in a Five-Year National Space- Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Plan, consistent with the guidance provided in this policy. V. Foreign Access to U.S. Space-based Posi-tioning, Navigation, and Timing Capabili-ties Any exports of U.S. positioning, naviga-tion, and timing capabilities covered by the United States Munitions List or the Com-merce Control List will continue to be li-censed pursuant to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations or the Export Adminis-tration Regulations, as appropriate, and in accordance with all existing laws and regula-tions. As a general guideline, export of civil or other non-United States Munitions List space-based positioning, navigation and tim-ing capabilities that are currently available or are planned to be available in the global marketplace will continue to be considered favorably. Exports of sensitive or advanced positioning, navigation, and timing informa-tion, systems, technologies, and components will be considered on a case-by-case basis in accordance with existing laws and regula-tions, as well as relevant national security and foreign policy goals and considerations. In support of such reviews, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretaries of Defense, Commerce, and Energy, the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the Director of Central Intelligence, shall modify and main-tain the Sensitive Technology List directed in U.S. Commercial Remote Sensing Space Policy, dated April 25, 2003, including those technology items or areas deemed sensitive for positioning, navigation and timing appli-cations. The Secretaries of State and Com-merce shall use the list in the evaluation of requests for exports. VI. Agency Roles and Responsibilities Departments and Agencies shall allocate the resources required to fulfill the objec-tives of this policy. Nothing in this policy shall diminish the operational and budgetary authorities of the Departments and Agen-cies. The Secretary of Defense shall: Have responsibility for development, ac-quisition, operation, security, and continued modernization of the Global Positioning Sys-tem, while facilitating appropriate civil and homeland security Department and Agency representation and participation in these ac-tivities, and any decisions that affect civil and homeland security equities; Develop, acquire, operate, realistically test, evaluate, and maintain navigation war-fare capabilities and other capabilities re-quired to: Effectively utilize the Global Positioning System services in the event of adversary jamming or other interference; Deny to adversaries position, navigation, and timing services from the Global Posi-tioning System, its augmentations, and/or any other space-based position, navigation, and timing systems without unduly dis-rupting civil, commercial, and scientific uses of these services outside an area of military operations, or for homeland security pur-poses; and Identify, locate and mitigate, in coordina-tion with Departments and Agencies, as ap-propriate, any interference on a global basis that adversely affects use of the Global Posi-tioning System for military operations; Ensure the earliest operational avail-ability for modernized military and naviga-tion warfare capabilities; Train, equip, test, and exercise U.S. mili-tary forces and national security capabilities in operationally realistic conditions that in-clude denial of the Global Positioning Sys-tem. In cooperation with the Secretaries of Transportation and Homeland Security, and as appropriate, with the Secretary of State, develop guidelines that facilitate these ac-tivities and Navigation Warfare training, testing, demonstrations, and exercises with-out unduly disrupting or degrading home-land security and civil services and oper-ations, either internationally or domesti-cally; Promote use of Global Positioning System national security services to allied military forces to facilitate interoperability between U.S. and allied forces and capabilities, and to maintain their use as the pre-eminent mili-tary space-based positioning, navigation, and timing capability; Consistent with the guidance in Section V of this policy, make Global Positioning Sys-tem national security services, user equip-ment, information, and technology available for use by allied military forces; and Work with allies to monitor access to na-tional security services and user equipment, in order to limit the potential for adver-saries to use these capabilities against U.S. and allied military forces; Maintain the commitment to discontinue the use of the feature known as Selective Availability designed to degrade globally the Standard Positioning Service of the Global Positioning System; Facilitate access to appropriate levels of national security services and user equip-ment at the Federal level to meet critical re-quirements for emergency response and other homeland security purposes, and, on an exceptional basis, for civil purposes, in-cluding state or local emergency response; Develop improved, dedicated national secu-rity positioning, navigation, and timing ca-pabilities, including but not limited to more diverse, flexible, and capable signals and services; Maintain lead responsibility for negoti-ating with foreign defense organizations any cooperation regarding access to or informa-tion about Global Positioning System mili-tary services; and In cooperation with other Departments and Agencies, assess the utility and feasi-bility of hosting secondary payloads on Glob-al Positioning System satellites, including, but not limited to those intended to enhance global search and rescue capabilities for all users. No secondary payload may adversely affect the performance, schedule, or cost of the Global Positioning System, its signals or services. Resources required for the assess-ment, development, acquisition, integration, and operation of secondary payloads shall be the responsibility of the sponsoring agency or agencies. The Secretary of Transportation shall: Have lead responsibility for the develop-ment of requirements for civil applications from all United States Government civil De-partments and Agencies; Ensure, in cooperation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security, the performance monitoring of U.S. civil space-based positioning, naviga-tion, and timing services; Consistent with the guidance in Section V of this policy, and in coordination with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of State, facilitate: (1) foreign development of civil positioning, navigation, and timing services and systems based on the Global Po-sitioning System; and (2) international par-ticipation in the development of civil appli-cations for U.S. space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services; Ensure, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, that space-based positioning, navigation, and timing public safety services meet or exceed international performance standards, including but not limited to those used for these services in aviation and/or maritime applications; In cooperation with other Departments and Agencies, promote the use of U.S. civil space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services and capabilities for transpor-tation safety; Represent the civil Departments and Agen-cies in the development, acquisition, man-agement, and operations of the Global Posi-tioning System; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.033 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5902 September 26, 2016 
Develop, acquire, operate, and maintain Global Positioning System space or terres-trial augmentations for civil transportation applications; Ensure the earliest operational avail-ability for modernized civil signals and serv-ices on the Global Positioning System and its augmentations, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense; In coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, develop, acquire, oper-ate, and maintain backup position, naviga-tion, and timing capabilities that can sup-port critical transportation, homeland secu-rity, and other critical civil and commercial infrastructure applications within the United States, in the event of a disruption of the Global Positioning System or other space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services, consistent with Homeland Security Presidential Directive–7, Critical Infrastructure Identification, Prioritization, and Protection, dated December 17, 2003; and In cooperation with the Secretary of De-fense, assess and assist, as appropriate, in the international acceptance for using the military positioning, navigation, and timing services of the Global Positioning System for operations in civil airspace. The Secretary of Commerce shall: Represent U.S. commercial interests with other Departments and Agencies in the re-quirements review of the Global Positioning System and related space-based augmenta-tions; In coordination with the Secretaries of State, Defense, and Transportation and the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, seek to protect the radio frequency spectrum used by the Global Positioning System and its augmentations through ap-propriate domestic and international spec-trum management and regulatory practices; In coordination with the Secretaries of De-fense and Transportation, and the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, facilitate cooperation be-tween the United States Government and U.S. industry as appropriate to identify mu-tually acceptable solutions that will pre-serve existing and evolving uses of space- based positioning, navigation, and timing services, while allowing for the development of other technologies and services that de-pend on use of the radio frequency spectrum; In cooperation with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, develop and provide to the Sec-retary of Transportation requirements for use of the Global Positioning System and its augmentations to support civil space sys-tems; and In cooperation with other Departments and Agencies, promote the use of U.S. civil space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services and capabilities for applica-tions at the Federal, State, and local level, to the maximum practical extent. The Secretary of State shall: In cooperation with the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of Transportation, and other Departments and Agencies promote the use of civil aspects of the Global Posi-tioning System and its augmentation serv-ices and standards with foreign governments and other international organizations; Take the lead for negotiating with foreign governments and international organizations regarding civil and, as appropriate and in co-ordination with the Secretary of Defense, military positioning, navigation, and timing matters, including but not limited to coordi-nating interagency review of: Instructions to U.S. delegations for bilat-eral and multilateral consultations relating to the planning, management, and use of the Global Positioning System and related aug-mentation systems; and International agreements with foreign gov-ernments and international organizations re-garding the planning, operation, manage-ment, and/or use of the Global Positioning System and its augmentations; and Modify and maintain, in coordination with the Secretaries of Defense, Commerce, and Energy, the Director of Central Intelligence, and the Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, the Sen-sitive Technology List created by U.S. Com-mercial Remote Sensing Space Policy, dated April 25, 2003. In particular, include sensitive technology items and/or information related to positioning, navigation, and timing appli-cations. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall: Identify space-based positioning, naviga-tion, and timing requirements for homeland security purposes to the Secretary of Trans-portation, and coordinate the use of posi-tioning, navigation, and timing capabilities and backup systems for homeland security purposes by Federal, State, and local govern-ments and authorities; In coordination with the Secretary of Transportation, and with other Departments and Agencies, promote the use of the Global Positioning System positioning and timing standards for use by Federal agencies, and by State and local authorities responsible for public safety and emergency response; In coordination with the Secretary of De-fense, and in cooperation with the Secre-taries of Transportation and Commerce, en-sure: Mechanisms are in place to identify, un-derstand, and disseminate timely informa-tion regarding threats associated with the potential hostile use of space-based posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services within the United States; and Procedures are developed, implemented, and routinely exercised to request assistance from the Secretary of Defense should it be-come necessary to deny hostile use of space- based position, navigation and timing serv-ices within the United States; In coordination with the Secretaries of De-fense, Transportation, and Commerce, de-velop and maintain capabilities, procedures, and techniques, and routinely exercise civil contingency responses to ensure continuity of operations in the event that access to the Global Positioning System is disrupted or denied; In coordination with the Secretaries of Transportation and Defense, and in coopera-tion with other Departments and Agencies, coordinate the use of existing and planned Federal capabilities to identify, locate, and attribute any interference within the United States that adversely affects use of the Glob-al Positioning System and its augmentations for homeland security, civil, commercial, and scientific purposes; and In coordination with the Secretaries of Transportation and Defense, and the Direc-tor of Central Intelligence, and in coopera-tion with other Departments and Agencies: (1) develop a central repository and database for reports of domestic and international in-terference to the civil services of the Global Positioning System and its augmentations for homeland security, civil, commercial, and scientific purposes; and (2) notify promptly the Administrator, National Tele-communications and Information Adminis-tration, the Chairman of the Federal Com-munications Commission, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of Central Intelligence, and other Departments and Agencies in cases of domestic or international interference with space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services to enable appropriate in-vestigation, notification, and/or enforcement action. The Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, in co-operation with the Secretary of Commerce, shall develop and provide to the Secretary of Transportation requirements for the use of the Global Positioning System and its aug-mentations to support civil space systems. The Director of Central Intelligence shall identify, monitor, and assess the develop-ment of foreign threats to the use of the Global Positioning System positioning, navi-gation, and timing architectures and related services; provide information to assist the Secretary of Defense in development of coun-termeasures; Departments and Agencies detecting inter-ference, or receiving reports of domestic or international interference adversely affect-ing the performance of U.S. space-based posi-tioning, navigation, and timing services shall provide timely reports to the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of De-fense, and the Director of Central Intel-ligence. Upon notification by the Secretary of Homeland Security: The Secretary of Commerce, in coopera-tion with other Departments and Agencies, and with the Chairman of the Federal Com-munications Commission shall take appro-priate and legally permissible actions re-quired to mitigate interference to U.S. space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services within the United States; and The Secretary of State shall, as appro-priate, notify and/or coordinate the notifica-tion of foreign governments and inter-national organizations in cases of inter-ference with U.S. space-based positioning, navigation, and timing services caused by foreign government or commercial activi-ties. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. There are a lot of good things in it for the Nation. As a former computer technician, I know there is nothing worse than a sin-gle point of failure in the network. GPS is a single point of failure for a lot of things; eLORAN is absolutely must- have. We can talk about what is not in the bill as well, but I do want to talk about a section that is specifically important to the district I represent. Section 202 grants the authority for the Coast Guard to reimburse non-Fed-eral entities for the cost of construc-tion to certain aids to navigation. This authority ensures these types of safe-ty-related navigation projects can move forward in a timely fashion. We are all too aware of how slow the government can be, especially when it comes to funding projects, so we have come up with a way here where we can work with non-Federal partners to im-prove the safety of our navigation sys-tem. It doesn’t cost the government anything. The non-Federal partners go ahead and put in the equipment up to Coast Guard standards with Coast Guard approval and get it done now; and then, when the Coast Guard gets the money, when the red tape and gov-ernment machine moves through its procedure, they can get reimbursed, while our mariners can enjoin the en-hanced safety and our ports can enjoy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.034 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5903 September 26, 2016 
the enhanced economic activity as a result of being able to, for instance, traverse channels in low-light condi-tions. It is safety. It is good for the econ-omy. In fact, one of the problems that brought this to my attention was when there was a project in Corpus Christi, the La Quinta Channel. Somehow, the aids to navigation never got built, even though this channel has been dredged and is in use. The pilots say it is unsafe to use in low-light conditions, and it looks like it could be years before the Coast Guard gets around to funding it. Well, the Port of Corpus Christi is willing to pony up the money today. The Coast Guard says: All right; when we get it, we will give it back. This piece of legislation allows that to hap-pen. It is good government, along with lots of other pieces of this legislation, something we need to pass, and I urge my colleagues to git-r-done. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We need polar icebreakers. This body is going to push; Mr. G
ARAMENDI and I are going to push and push until we have polar icebreakers and we have at least 
1⁄140the capability of Russia. That is a pretty low bar that we are setting for ourselves, but we are going to set it right here, right now, in this body. Let’s at least have 
1⁄140of the capability or Russia, build those polar ice-breakers. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 5978. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following materials: 
EXELIS , U RSANAV, THE DEPARTMENT OF  H
OMELAND SECURITY AND THE U.S. C OAST  G
UARD ENTER AGREEMENT TO TRIAL G
ROUND -BASED POSITION , NAVIGATION AND  T
IMING SIGNAL  H
ERNDON , VA, May 22, 2015.—Exelis (NYSE: XLS), UrsaNav, Inc., the Department of Homeland Security’s Science and Tech-nology Directorate (DHS S&T), and the U.S. Coast Guard have entered into a cooperative research and development agreement (CRADA) for testing and demonstration at former LORAN-C sites. These sites are the legacy ground-based radio navigation infra-structure of the decommissioned LORAN-C service that could be retained and upgraded to provide eLORAN low frequency service. The team will evaluate eLORAN as a po-tential complementary system to the cur-rent Global Positioning System (GPS) cur-rently in wide use throughout the United States. The capabilities and potential utili-zation methods of eLORAN will be explored in depth to identify all strengths, capacities, and potential vulnerabilities of the tech-nology. Under the CRADA, Exelis will use the former LORAN-C assets to put eLORAN sig-nals in space for research, test and dem-onstration of the ability of eLORAN to meet precise positioning, navigation and timing (PNT) requirements of government and pri-vately-owned critical infrastructure. The first station Exelis will broadcast from is lo-cated in Wildwood, NJ. The broadcast will provide a usable signal at a range up to 1000 miles. ‘‘eLORAN is an ideal technology to com-plement GPS for critical, resilient and as-sured PNT,’’ said Ed Sayadian, vice presi-dent of Civil & Aerospace Systems for Exelis. ‘‘eLORAN is a difficult to disrupt technology that offers PNT and wide area broadcast data capabilities indoors, in underground lo-cations and other GPS-denied environ-ments.’’ ‘‘A preponderance of government, aca-demic, and industry reports have concluded that eLORAN is the best independent, multi- modal solution to provide assured PNT as a complement to GPS,’’ said Chuck Schue, president and CEO of UrsaNay. Exelis and UrsaNav have entered into this CRADA because they believe that low fre-quency signals, such as eLORAN, operate independently of GPS signals and can pro-vide alternative timing, either standalone, or as a component of a PNT service. Exelis also believes that as a result of its wealth of experience in its PNT portfolio, that there are many civil and defense applications that require precise time and/or position in GPS- denied environments. Examples include radio frequency interference, both inten-tional and unintentional; signal attenuation from heavy forest canopy, terrain or build-ings; and indoor and underground locations. About UsaNav: UrsaNav, Inc. is a Veteran- Owned and Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business focused on delivering innova-tive engineering and information solutions, and associated professional services to gov-ernment and commercial clients worldwide. UrsaNav is the World’s leading supplier of eLORAN technology, equipment, and serv-ices with deep experience in the design, de-velopment, and deployment of PNT systems. For more information, visit our website at www.ursanay.com. About Exelis: Exelis is a diversified, top- tier global aerospace, defense, information and services company that leverages a great-er than 50-year legacy of deep customer knowledge and technical expertise to deliver affordable, mission-critical solutions for global customers. Exelis is a leader in posi-tioning and navigation, sensors, air traffic management solutions, image processing and distribution, communications and informa-tion systems; and focused on strategic growth in the areas of critical networks, ISR and analytics, electronic warfare and com-posite aerostructures. Headquartered in McLean, Virginia, Exelis employs approxi-mately 10,000 people and generated 2014 sales of approximately $3.3 billion. For more infor-mation, visit our website at www.exelisinc.com. 
DECEMBER 8, 2015. Hon. P
ETER A. D EFAZIO, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN DEFAZIO: Thank you for your August 31, 2015, letter regarding the importance of the Global Positioning Sys-tem (GPS) and the need for a complementary positioning, navigation, and timing (PNT) capability for the nation. We share your concerns regarding the im-portance of GPS to our critical infrastruc-ture and security requirements. Seeking to implement the guidance from National Secu-rity Presidential Directive 39, the Depart-ment of Defense, the Department of Home-land Security, and the Department of Trans-portation established an interagency process in 2014 to assess those information sources that are complementary to GPS and that could be used to ensure the continuity of PNT services to critical infrastructure. Through this interagency process, the Na-tional Space-Based PNT Executive Com-mittee (EXCOM) reviewed several potential solutions and assessed that an enhanced Loran (eLoran) network could be a viable na-tionwide complementary capability for GPS applications in U.S. critical infrastructure. The EXCOM also assessed that a timing-fo-cused network could be implemented in the near term with properly scoped specifica-tions, costs, and cost sharing arrangements. As you stated, there may be opportunities to work with private and commercial entities to initiate these complementary capabili-ties. The EXCOM met on September 3, 2015, and agreed to a two-fold strategy for activities to explore a national complementary capability to GPS: pursue potential near-term opportu-nities to leverage public and private sector capabilities and resources to support a tim-ing-focused eLoran network, while also docu-menting the requirements for a more com-prehensive complementary PNT capability for the nation’s critical infrastructure. The EXCOM acknowledges the challenges associated with this undertaking, especially given the fact that no government-wide set of requirements has been established for such a complementary capability. However, sufficient data exists from previous studies to produce initial cost estimates and basic system specifications to determine the ap-propriate scope of the effort. We are building on these data and estimates to develop a more detailed approach for an initial timing- focused eLoran capability. This initial tim-ing network could provide a near-term solu-tion while we continue our efforts to pre-scribe a complete set of requirements nec-essary to support a full complementary PNT capability for the nation. We look forward to working with you as we continue our efforts to provide a complemen-tary PNT capability for U.S. critical infra-structure. We have sent a similar response to each co-signer of your letter. Sincerely, VICTOR M. M ENDEZ , Deputy Secretary of Transportation, Co- Chair, National Ex-ecutive Committee for Space-Based Po-sitioning, Naviga-tion, and Timing. R
OBERT O. W ORK, Deputy Secretary of Defense, Co-Chair, National Executive Committee for Space- Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing. 
[From the DHS Science & Technology Press Office, Apr. 20, 2016] DHS S&T D
EMONSTRATES PRECISION TIMING  T
ECHNOLOGY AT THE NEWYORKSTOCK EX-
CHANGE  W
ASHINGTON .—The Department of Home-land security, Science and Technology Direc-torate (S&T) announced today the successful demonstration of the Enhanced Loren (eLoran), a precision-timing technology for financial transactions at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). eLoran is a low-frequency, high-power radio navigation signal that is broadcasted by ground-based transmission stations, al-lowing the signal to penetrate through build-ings and provide precision timing indoors and throughout urban environments. ‘‘Accurate position, navigation, and timing is necessary for the function and integrity of many critical infrastructure sectors, such as the electric grid, communication networks, and financial institutions,’’ said DHS Under Secretary for Science and Technology Dr. Reginald Brothers. ‘‘Ensuring the contin-uous and uninterrupted availability of crit-ical information ensures our national secu-rity.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.057 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5904 September 26, 2016 
DHS S&T, U.S. Coast Guard, UrsaNav, Inc., and Harris Corporation study eLoran through a Cooperative Research and Devel-opment Agreement for applicability to pro-vide timing information for critical infra-structure applications. The demonstration at the NYSE was hosted by Juniper Networks on April 19 and presented to technical rep-resentatives from the financial services, en-ergy, and communication sectors. We are constantly working with critical infrastructure partners like the financial sector to help build their capabilities and re-silience to a variety of hazards, including space weather and other cyber or physical threats to the system’s continuity,’’ stated DHS Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection Caitlin Durkovich. Precise and synchronized timing of finan-cial transactions is critical to markets worldwide and is mandated by regulation in the European Union and is increasingly re-quired in the United States. Today, precision timing capabilities are provided primarily by satellite-based Global Positioning System (GPS). However, GPS’s space-based signals are low-power and susceptible to possible disruptions. GPS signals are also difficult to receive indoors and in urban canyons. ‘‘During the technology demonstration in-side the NYSE building, we were able to not only provide signals indoors but also provide timing information to within 30 nanoseconds of our UTC reference,’’ said Sarah Mahmood, S&T program manager for the eLoran co-operation agreement. Recognizing the challenges of space-based signals and the importance of having mul-tiple timing-sources, eLoran is one tech-nology being considered to provide a com-plementary timing solution to existing GPS technology. 
[From the Atlantic, June 13, 2016] W
HATHAPPENS IFGPS F AILS? (By Dan Glass) It only took thirteen millionths of a sec-ond to cause a whole lot of problems. Last January, as the U.S. Air Force was taking one satellite in the country’s con-stellation of GPS satellites offline, an incor-rect time was accidentally uploaded to sev-eral others, making them out of sync by less time than it takes for the sound of a gunshot to leave the chamber. The minute error disrupted GPS-dependent timing equipment around the world for more than 12 hours. While the problem went unno-ticed by many people thanks to short-term backup systems, panicked engineers in Eu-rope called equipment makers to help re-solve things before global telecommuni-cations networks began to fail. In parts of the U.S and Canada, police, fire, and EMS radio equipment stopped functioning. BBC digital radio was out for two days in many areas, and the anomaly was even detected in electrical power grids. Despite its name, the Global Positioning System is not about maps; it’s about time. Each satellite in the constellation (24 are needed, plus the U.S. has several spares) has multiple atomic clocks on board, syn-chronized with each other and to Coordi-nated Universal Time (UTC)—the time standard used across the world—down to the nanosecond. The satellites continually broadcast their time and position informa-tion down to Earth, where GPS receivers in equipment from iPhones to automated trac-tors acquire signals and use the minuscule differences in their arrival time to determine an exact position. While GPS was initially conceived to aid navigation, globally synchronized time is now a much more critical function of the system. Telecom networks rely on GPS clocks to keep cell towers synchronized so calls can be passed between them. Many electrical power grids use the clocks in equipment that fine-tunes current flow in overloaded networks. The finance sector uses GPS-derived timing systems to timestamp ATM, credit card, and high-speed market transactions. Computer network synchroni-zation, digital television and radio, Doppler radar weather reporting, seismic monitoring, even multi-camera sequencing for film pro-duction—GPS clocks have a hand in all. But last January’s system failure brings up an often-ignored question: What if all these flying clock radios were wiped out, and ev-erything on the ground started blinking 12:00? According to Mike Lombardi, a metrologist at the National Institute for Standards and Technology, ‘‘Nobody knows exactly what would happen.’’ Since so many of these technologies were designed specifi-cally with GPS in mind, the unsettling truth, he says, is ‘‘there’s no backup.’’ This isn’t a secret. Concern for the con-sequences of the country’s reliance on this invisible utility has been growing among in-dustry and government workers for more than 15 years, after the Department of Transportation issued a report on the need for a backup navigation system, in 2001. But while the means to create one has existed since, a winding bureaucratic path has kept it from actually being implemented. And that leaves many of the everyday tools soci-ety depends on vulnerable until one is. There are plenty of reasons GPS could fail. Intentional attack is one, as emphasized by a declassified 2012 risk estimate by the Department of Homeland Security. One of the system’s most basic problems is its sig-nals are weak enough to be easily ob-structed. Truckers with cheap jamming de-vices designed to elude employer tracking have unintentionally interfered with airport systems; criminals thwarting GPS tags on stolen goods in shipping containers have ac-cidentally shut down port operations. On a grander scale, North Korea has tormented South Korea with waves of jamming attacks. (jamming devices are now illegal in the U.S., but not difficult to obtain illicitly.) A few steps up from jamming devices in both complexity and damage are spoofers: systems that get GPS receivers to lock on to mimicked signal. Spoofers don’t trigger equipment alarms, and deliver altered time and position information to unaware users. It’s been suggested that Iran used this tactic to lead astray two U.S. Navy patrol boats captured in the Gulf last January. A plausible worst-case attack scenario would look something like this: Spoofers feed erroneous data to electrical substation equipment in a metro area, which could overheat power lines and transformers, caus-ing widespread outages. Meanwhile, multiple hidden jammers could cripple cellphone serv-ice, and also force fire, police, and emer-gency medicine departments to revert to old, single-frequency channels. Supplies in this scenario could only be bought in many places with cash, which would be limited without ATM service. According to the DHS report, it could take 30 days or more before the malicious devices are located and dis-abled. The longer it took, the more systems that would be compromised. As for unintentional threats to GPS, the DHS risk estimate lists space debris, space weather, defective software, and good old- fashioned human mistakes, among other things. Of these threats, space weather is the most potentially catastrophic, according to Norwegian geophysicist Pal Brekke, whose country was hardest hit by the January out-age. Eruptions of high energy radiation from the sun (known as solar flares) and ejections of electrically charged gases have disabled satellites in the past. With satellites and the chips inside them getting smaller as technology progresses, ‘‘one particle from the sun that penetrates a satellite can ruin things,’’ Brekke says. ‘‘It wouldn’t take that large of an event to take out all GPS.’’ So far, mitigating the loss of GPS signals has involved two approaches. One is inter-operability with other global navigation sat-ellite systems like Russia’s GLONASS (which also failed due to a ground control error in 2014) or the European and Chinese systems, both of which are expected to be up by 2020. The other is better clocks, says Lombardi, the NIST metrologist, who’s pub-lished numerous articles on the topic. ‘‘The typical cell tower clock has an oscillator similar to that of a wristwatch,’’ he says, ‘‘and can drift out of tolerance in minutes without a signal.’’ How long a clock can maintain time on its own, called ‘‘holdover,’’ also affects electrical grids, many of which rely on GPS-dependent devices called synchrophasors used to precisely regulate current flow, as well as help locate faults in the network. A lack of such timing tech-nology was the reason it took some Canadian technicians three months to locate failures after the infamous blackout of 2003. Chip-scale atomic clocks the size of a penny are a promising new technology that can hold time for about a day, but are cur-rently too expensive to deploy widely. More-over, hedging and holdover still aren’t backups for when space-based signals are simply unavailable. The bulk of a more promising, comprehen-sive backup system already exists, right here on the ground. After the sextant but before GPS, navigators around the world used Long Range Aids to Navigation, or ‘‘LORAN,’’ a terrestrial system of transmitters and re-ceiving equipment first developed during WWII. By the mid-1990s, Loran ‘‘tower chains’’ provided coverage for North Amer-ica, Europe, and other regions in the North-ern Hemisphere. Its use declined in favor of the much finer accuracy of GPS after it be-came available for civil use in 1995, but the U.S. Coast Guard continued working on an improved system using the existing infra-structure. If adopted, ‘‘Enhanced’’ LORAN, or eLoran, could provide positioning accu-racy comparable to GPS. Broadcast at hun-dreds of thousands of watts, the signal is vir-tually un-jammable, and unlike GPS, can even be received indoors, underwater, and in urban or natural canyons. It also turns out that eLoran can provide a UTC time signal with sub-microsecond time resolution across a large geographical area. The technology is available—the Coast Guard demonstrated a working prototype last year—so why isn’t America using it? John Garamendi, a California congressman, asked this question at a July 2015 congres-sional hearing on the Federal Radio-navigation Plan, the nation’s primary plan-ning document for position, navigation, and timing (PNT). ‘‘There are two kinds of time,’’ he opened, ‘‘real time . . . and then federal time, which seems to be the forever time. The e-Loran system was identified as a backup 15 years ago, and here we are, federal time, not yet done.’’ Cost doesn’t seem to be a problem. A com-plete alternate PNT system is estimated at $350 million to $400 million; it costs $1 billion yearly to maintain GPS. And science and in-dustry appears to share a consensus that eLoran is the solution. Even the Air Force Colonel and engineer who created GPS, Brad Parkinson, had been on record for years say-ing ‘‘eLoran is the only cost-effective backup for national needs.’’ In a 2004, a presidential directive tasked DHS and DOT with creating a backup to the GPS system. In 2008, the DHS issued a press 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.048 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5905 September 26, 2016 
release that it was committing to the system and transferred control from the Coast Guard to its National Protection and Pro-grams Directorate. But push and pull be-tween DHS and the Coast Guard appears to have slowed progress. After this year’s satellite error, many Eu-ropean officials who had previously followed America’s reluctance to adopt eLoran stepped up development. Meanwhile, pres-sure from Garamendi, who argued in his ad-dress that ‘‘without an eLoran system in place ASAP, this country is in serious, seri-ous jeopardy,’’ prompted a letter to him from the Deputy Secretaries of Defense and Transportation informing that the PNT Ex-ecutive Committee has agreed that an eLoran-based timing network ‘‘could provide a near term solution’’ (if private entities bore some of the cost) while they ‘‘continue [their] efforts to prescribe a complete set of requirements necessary to support a full complementary PNT capability for the na-tion.’’ In other words, it seems: federal time. Why is the sense of urgency among deci-sion-makers so out of sync? Could some of it be similar to why people delay backing up our computers even though they’ve been tell-ing themselves to for weeks? How do we de-cide, when presented a risk with unknown odds, when it’s time to sacrifice time and re-sources to prevent it? Now is a critically important time to an-swer that question, as the world actually been given odds on another, even more cata-strophic risk than GPS failure: destruction of the electrical power infrastructure itself. On July 23, 2012, a billion-ton cloud of elec-trified gases blasted off the far side of the sun at over six million miles per hour. Ac-cording to professor Daniel Baker at Univer-sity of Colorado, this coronal mass ejection (CME) ‘‘was in all respects at least as strong as the 1859 Carrington Event,’’ referring to the strongest solar storm ever recorded, which set fire to telegraph stations and caused auroras down to Cuba. As was widely reported two years ago, if the 2012 CME had occurred one week later, it would have hit Earth. Space Katrina would be biblically cata-strophic. Power could be out for years while electrical transformers were repaired, if the resources are even available to do so. ‘‘Col-lateral effects of a longer-term outage would likely include disruption of the transpor-tation, communication, banking, and finance systems, and government services; the breakdown of the distribution of potable water owing to pump failure; and the loss of perishable foods and medications because of lack of refrigeration,’’ reads a 2008 National Academy of Sciences report. In 2014, physicist from San Diego cal-culated the likelihood of a Carrington-level event in the next decade. The odds he came up with were 12 percent. The predicament of events like this is not that they’re occurring more frequently, but that the rapid development of technology is opening the tools on which humanity de-pends to an increasingly wide variety of rare but potentially destructive cosmic threats. In the span of a century, we’ve transferred much of the weight of modern society to global infrastructures with wobbly legs. If they collapse, time will very quickly appear to move backward. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5978, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
DR. OTIS BOWEN VETERAN HOUSE Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5509) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs tem-porary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indiana, as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Vet-eran House’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5509 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS TEMPORARY LODG-ING FACILITY, INDIANAPOLIS, INDI-ANA. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs tem-porary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indi-ana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House’’. Any reference to such temporary lodging facility in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5509, which will formally re-name the home for families of veterans undergoing medical treatment in Indi-anapolis as the Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House. Passing this bill today is the least we can do to repay an individual who gave so much of himself to serving our Nation, to providing care to his neighbors as a family physician, and to supporting our veterans. As a lifelong Hoosier, Dr. Bowen was born and raised in Indiana and later went on to receive his bachelor’s and his medical degree from Indiana Uni-versity. As a newly minted doctor, ‘‘Doc,’’ as he became known, coura-geously served in the U.S. Army from 1943 to 1946. During his service in World War II, he bravely tended wounded servicemen during the first wave of Al-lied troops in the invasion of Okinawa in 1945. After serving his country, Doc Bowen came home to Indiana and set up a family medical practice in his home-town of Bremen, Indiana. During his 26 years of private practice, he delivered over 3,000 babies in a town with a popu-lation of just over 4,500 people. It was during this time that he also became involved with Indiana politics. Rising all the way from local coroner to speaker of the Indiana House of Rep-resentatives and, eventually, one of our State’s most popular Governors, Doc Bowen consistently won the trust and respect of Hoosiers with his patented bedside manner. As Governor, Doc Bowen drew upon his war experiences as a combat physi-cian to improve healthcare services in Indiana by pioneering a statewide emergency medical services system. Upon leaving office in 1981, Doc Bowen served as a professor of medi-cine and director of undergraduate medical practice education at the IU Medical Center in Indianapolis. Doc Bowen returned to public service in 1985, when he answered the call of President Ronald Reagan to become the first doctor to serve as Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. There he spearheaded the Federal Government’s response to the spread of AIDS, promoted public awareness of the dangers of the disease, and worked toward its eradication. Throughout his career, Doc Bowen was active in our community as a force for good and advocate for others. Most notably, Doc Bowen was an active member of the American Legion post in Bremen for 59 years. He was also a member of the VFW, the American Medical Association, and he sat on the board of the Lilly Endowment, a phil-anthropic organization based in Indian-apolis. Through Doc Bowen’s leadership on the Board of the Lilly Endowment, the Richard L. Roudebush Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center se-cured a $9.9 million charitable grant to construct a home for the families of veterans undergoing surgery at the center. As a doctor, Doc Bowen knew that love is a vital component of the healing process and that a family can’t dedi-cate their time and energy to the re-covery process when they have to worry about where their next meal might be coming from or where they might lay their heads at night while visiting their family members at the hospital. Unfortunately, in 2013, Doc Bowen passed away at the age of 95. Through-out his career, he touched so many Hoosiers and always worked to enrich the lives of others through selfless sac-rifice, hard work, and dedication. The eulogy of Pastor Rhode at his funeral summed up Doc’s life most eloquently when he said: ‘‘He only sought to work for others. He took the talents and gifts God gave him and used them to his fullest.’’ b1930 This is a lesson we all can learn from and is the reason I am proud to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.047 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5906 September 26, 2016 
this bill. I also want to thank all of my Hoosier colleagues from both sides of the aisle who signed on and support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to join my colleague, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) in supporting H.R. 5509, a bill to name the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indi-ana, as the Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House. Dr. Bowen was born near Rochester, Indiana. He graduated from Indiana University and received his M.D. de-gree from Indiana University School of Medicine. During World War II, he served in the U.S. Army Medical Corps from 1943 to 1946, and was with the first wave of Allied troops in the invasion of Okinawa in 1945, and was honorably discharged as a captain in 1946. When he returned home, he began his private practice, acquiring a respected place in Bremen, Indiana, as the coun-try doctor. After serving in the Indiana Legisla-ture for 14 years, Dr. Bowen was elect-ed the 44th Governor of Indiana and ul-timately served as the Secretary of Health and Human Services under President Ronald Reagan. I am very pleased to support this leg-islation and urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to thank my dear friend and colleague from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) for those remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). She is my dear friend from northern Indiana who has also served on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Representative B
ROOKS from Indiana. I am thrilled to stand here tonight and be a part of naming this facility in Indianapolis the Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House. Dr. Bowen spent most of his life in my district, Indiana’s Second District. He was the consummate Hoosier, known for his personal integrity and leadership in service to this Nation and the State of Indiana. His nickname was Doc, as he was af-fectionately known, and I would be one person knocking on his door every so often just to check in and see how he was doing. He had a wall of fame in his house like none other. I would love to just sit and listen to his words of wis-dom over the years. He was born in Rochester, Indiana, in Fulton County. He graduated from Francesville High School. To this day, today, all of those areas in those counties are proud that he actually resided in those areas. He received his medical degree from IU in 1942, completed his residency at Memorial Hospital of South Bend, joined the U.S. Medical Army Corps, was part of the first wave of troops to storm the beaches of Okinawa during World War II. After leaving the service, he started a family practice in Bremen, Indiana. In 1952, Doc began his career in public service, serving as Marshall County coroner in 1956, when he was elected to the Indiana House of Rep-resentatives. He was elected Governor of Indiana in 1972 and reelected in 1976. In 1985, Ronald Reagan appointed him as the Secretary of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Service, the first medical doctor to serve in that role. His commitment to serving Hoosiers made him one of the most adored pub-lic servants in the State of Indiana. His dedication is exemplified by the fact that after all these accomplishments and awards, he said his proudest achievement was delivering those 3,000 babies as a family physician in Mar-shall County. I can’t think of a more deserving per-son to name this facility after. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 5509. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before we conclude, I would like to take a moment to person-ally thank Chairman MILLER for all that he has done throughout his tenure in the House of Representatives and in shepherding this bill. I also would like to thank his staff who have helped us bring this bill to the floor. The people of Florida’s First Con-gressional District couldn’t have asked for a more dedicated public servant. The work that Chairman M
ILLER has done to advance the rights and care of veterans is truly remarkable. Whether it was in the trenches of war for Doc Bowen or in political office or at his doctor’s office, Doc Bowen had a clear passion for serving others. How-ever, he always reserved a special place in his heart for his fellow veterans, like Chairman M
ILLER . That is why it is only appropriate that the house—the home—that he helped build for vet-erans and their families carry his name and serve as a permanent reminder of the character and fortitude of this leg-endary man. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge pas-sage today. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5509. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOLD FARC ACCOUNTABLE (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday, Colombians in my Con-gressional District will go to the polls to vote on the Colombia-FARC deal, deciding whether to hold the narco-ter-rorist organization known as the FARC accountable for its innumerable crimes committed over more than 50 years. Yet, in a deal brokered by the duplicitous Castro regime, the FARC members may soon get off scot-free— no jail time and no compensation to the family members of their victims. FARC members will even be allowed to run for office. Good grief. This is a bad deal, Mr. Speaker, and it should not be financed by American taxpayers. The only things the FARC and its criminal backers in Havana are interested in are more opportunities to continue running drugs, lining their pockets, and destabilizing Latin Amer-ica. Colombians in my district can vote on the deal in either Coral Gables, Hia-leah, or Kendall, as well as many other places surrounding Miami. For more information on voting locations, they can contact the Colombian consulate in Miami. f 
SHOOTING AT CASCADE MALL IN BURLINGTON, WASHINGTON (Ms. D
ELBENE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a very heavy heart. On Fri-day night, there was a tragic shooting at the Cascade Mall in Burlington, where five people were killed. The victims included a 16-year-old cancer survivor from Mount Vernon High School, a dedicated public servant from Arlington and her 95-year-old mother, a Boeing employee from Lake Stevens, and a Macy’s cosmetic counter worker. As our community comes together during this difficult time, our region grieves for the victims, their families, and all those affected by this tragedy. We will always remember Sarai Lara, Belinda Galde, Beatrice Dotson, Chuck Eagan, and Shayla Martin. I want to thank our local law en-forcement for their long hours search-ing for the shooter who was appre-hended less than 24 hours after the in-cident. While there is no one law that will prevent every single instance of sense-less violence, we must do more to end the tragic cycle of gun violence affect-ing our communities. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SECOND HAR-VEST FOOD BANK OF NORTH-WESTERN PENNSYLVANIA’S BACKPACK PROGRAM (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.060 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5907 September 26, 2016 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of the efforts of an Erie County- based food bank to combat childhood hunger across northwestern Pennsyl-vania, especially in several counties of Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. In 2011, the Second Harvest Food Bank of Northwest Pennsylvania launched its backpack program, which enlists the help of volunteers to fill backpacks with enough meals and snacks to help feed children over the weekends of each school year. Over this past weekend, around 70 volunteers, including residents, teach-ers, and businessowners from Warren County gathered to supply backpacks to around 350 students in the Warren County School District. The backpacks are expected to last those second and third grade students through the end of the year. In Erie County, around 1,100 students benefit from the program in the Erie County School District with meals being distributed to children through-out its 15 elementary schools. Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that a program such as this is necessary, but I am proud that there are folks in the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional Dis-trict and the surrounding area who are willing to help step up to the plate for kids in need. 
f 
NATIONAL VOTER REGISTRATION DAY (Mr. HONDA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the 226 million Ameri-cans who are eligible to vote and to recognize September 27 as National Voter Registration Day. However, this year is different. With the recent attacks on our democracy, unscrupulous actors seek to gain ac-cess to confidential and sensitive infor-mation and distort the outcome of elections. In Arizona, the secretary of state just took offline its voter registration database because of credible threats to its system. In Illinois, 15 million records were recently exposed and nearly 200,000 accessed by hackers. The Russian Government hacked the Demo-cratic Party’s emails and files in an at-tempt to distort our elections. Our elections should be free of for-eign influence. As the representative for Silicon Valley, I value technology in our democracy. That is why I intro-duced legislation to declare our elec-tion technology as critical infrastruc-ture, so we can give local and State of-ficials the Federal resources they need to protect our votes and the purity of our democracy. On this National Voter Registration Day, too much is on the line for us not to act. RECOGNIZING KU CHANCELLOR BERNADETTE GRAY-LITTLE (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, as a proud Jayhawk, I rise today to recognize a great leader for the State of Kansas who has made a positive impact on the lives of many fellow Kansans—KU Chancellor Bernadette Gray-Little. Last week, Chancellor Gray-Little announced her retirement in 2017, and I wanted to recognize some of the major accomplishments during her tenure at KU. From day one, she set aggressive goals through her Bold Aspirations ini-tiative to advance the university into the 21st century as a leader in edu-cation and research. It was a great suc-cess, leading to KU being designated as a National Cancer Institute and work-ing towards a Comprehensive Cancer Center designation. The KU Alz-heimer’s Disease Center also received national designation from the National Institute on Aging. As someone who utilized both stu-dent loans and Pell grants, I was great-ly appreciative of her vocal support for these programs to help every student achieve their dreams regardless of in-come level. Today, on behalf of the United States Congress, I would like to thank Chan-cellor Gray-Little for her leadership and service to our beloved Jayhawk community and wish her and her hus-band, Shade, well in their next endeav-ors. Rock Chalk, Jayhawks. 
f 
VETERAN SUICIDE CRISIS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am holding here in my hand a wristband that was given to me over this week-end. It says: ‘‘22 every day.’’ Unfortu-nately, shamefully, this is in reference to the number of veterans that commit suicide in this country every day. There are many reasons, but one of the reasons it should not be is that, A, they could not get through on a tele-phone call to somebody at the VA; or that they had given up hope that they were going to have their needs met after the promise that was made to them wasn’t kept because they could not get what they needed for their health care and for other benefits that were promised them as being members of our military. So my hat is off to AMVETS and many other folks, including people out there on social media, that are dedi-cated to doing 22 push-ups a day to get awareness up amongst their friends for the loss of approximately 22 veterans per day on suicide. We have to get our act together here and pass legislation to make sure they at least will get their phone calls an-swered, especially at a time of crisis like that, when they are contemplating perhaps a suicide. Mr. Speaker, this needs to be done soon and with the dedication that they have given to us. f 
b1945 AMERICA HAS NOT FORGOTTEN YOU The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, a friend of mine works part time in a hardware store. He is retired from sev-eral other careers, but he continues to enjoy helping people in a retail-service environment. Recently, he kindly gave me, as we were talking about gardening, some hosta plants that he had grown. As I drove through his neighborhood look-ing for his house, I suspected his home was the one flying the large American flag. I knew that Mike, my friend, had served in Vietnam, but, as we spent some time digging up the plants and visiting around his garden, I learned a lot more about his harrowing experi-ence as a marine. You see, Mr. Speaker, Mike’s squad was assigned to protect an area in the northern part of south Vietnam. They were a pesky bunch, as Mike put it, and the north Vietnamese grew tired of the constant haranguing, so they launched a counterassault. Mike’s squad was outnumbered 10 to 1, and they were hit pretty hard. A call went out for help, but the first helicopter to arrive was blown apart. Mike sustained severe wounds. A bul-let to the chest collapsed his lung, shrapnel tore through a foot and a leg, and another bullet grazed his head. To breathe, Mike had to keep clearing his throat with his finger to remove the gurgling blood. And at the point where he could no longer physically fight, he crawled to a slightly more secure place and propped himself up on a sack. Mike told me he remembered two things— the wind blowing through his hair and his mother. Who would tell her that he had died? Only three Americans survived that battle. Fortunately, another helicopter quickly landed and a corpsman came to Mike’s rescue, stabilized him, and helped return him to safety. A doctor performed quick and precision surgery, and the medical personnel nursed him back to health, for which Mike was al-ways grateful. But something always nagged him. He never got a chance to thank the corpsman who risked his own life to save him. And, finally, in 2001, he went online, did some research, and found the man 30 years later. Mike wrote to him and said: I have not forgotten you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.061 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5908 September 26, 2016 
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that our country’s economic, political, and cultural settlement is straining under a number of very harsh realities. Con-centration of economic and political power, coupled with signs of social col-lapse, are contributing to a growing sense of vulnerability and anxiety in our society. Amid a divisive and dis-orienting political season, terrorist at-tacks in San Bernardino, Orlando, Min-nesota, and New York have reminded us of the grave threats to life and our cherished liberties. Take a moment, Mr. Speaker, to no-tice how many Nebraskans and how many Americans like Mike fly our flag. It means something. The flag stands for an ideal, for a value, for the propo-sition that all persons have dignity. And when that dignity is safeguarded, a people can flourish. That is America. But I think more people need to hear, Mr. Speaker, that we have not forgot-ten you. The fundamental questions right now before us are, who are we as a Nation, where are we going as a peo-ple, and how will we find our greatness again? Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I had an ex-traordinary privilege. I would like to share the story with you and the body. I was invited to attend the dedication of a new veterans memorial in a small town in the heart of the Great Plains north of Lincoln, Nebraska, where I live. This town is called Wahoo. It was actually made famous because in the old David Letterman show he named it as the hometown office. But Wahoo is more than a late night show’s joke. It is a place where a com-munity lives, works, and has a deep sense of interconnectedness and well- being. It is a place of extraordinary greatness. In this small town, about 500 people from the entire county came and gathered right there at the court-house for the dedication of a new me-morial honoring the 101 servicemem-bers who had been killed from the small farming community and the sur-rounding area—soldiers, troops, mili-tary personnel from World War I to our present day. All of their names were read in an honor roll, many having Czech and German names, who were such an important part of the original settlement of that area, as well as the Swedish. When I approached the microphone to say a few words, I recalled the old movie ‘‘To Kill a Mockingbird,’’ based upon the old novel. Mr. Speaker, as you will recall, in that movie, the lawyer Atticus Finch gives a defense of a man who is unjustly accused of a crime. The community from which that man had come had to sit in the upper balcony of the courtroom because of the prejudice of that time. And as Atticus Finch was getting ready to leave the courtroom, the reverend, who was in the midst of that community in the gallery, says to his young child, the lawyer’s young child: ‘‘Stand up, your father’s pass-ing.’’ At that beautiful ceremony right there in the Great Plains, it started with the public high school choir and the Catholic high school choir singing our national anthem. When that oc-curred, no one sat on a bench, no one took a knee. We all stood because it was not about us, it was about them, the men and women before us, living and dead, who had answered the call to service. And whether they had cooked or cleaned or computed or were in the worst conceivable firefight, nonethe-less, they said: yes, I will serve, I will sacrifice, for the meaning of our Na-tion. We live in a time, Mr. Speaker, when our world is screaming for meaning. What we are really searching for is not an answer that can be found here in this body. We have an important role to debate the most pressing issues of the day, whether those are national se-curity, economic security, and even cultural security. The most important answers aren’t found necessarily down the street in the White House. They are not going to be answered necessarily in the great debate that is about to occur moments from now on the television. The answer is found in the debate about meaning itself. When we find things that bind us, like this extraordinary ceremony yes-terday nestled in the heart of America, where people young and old came to honor our veterans, when we look back to those who came before us, giving them their due in a memorial that ap-propriately honors them, we bind our-selves in a noble idea that sacrifice for one another, sacrifice, even for a na-tion, is sometimes not only necessary, but it is worthy of the fullness of the call in the human heart. But we still have hard questions be-fore us. So what should we do? The first pathway, Mr. Speaker, to finding solutions is to adequately identify the problem. And in one word, I believe the problem is fragmentation. What do I mean by that? It is a creeping separateness, whether in eco-nomic affairs, government affairs, for-eign affairs, or our own basic ex-changes in local community life. Peo-ple are feeling alone, isolated. In many cases, they feel like they lack control over the most basic things, the simple things in their own life. Far remote systems seem to be the new governing order. Informative insti-tutions that used to provide the con-tinuity of tradition and nest people into an ongoing desire and pathway to-ward hope by giving them the gifts of that tradition and the responsibility nested within community, as well as the accountability, have all become fragmented. These burdens press upon our people in a most profound way, and, in particular, in regards to their own economic well-being. These days, economic measures are on everyone’s mind. There is a tremen-dous amount of anxiety, even hopeless-ness, in our uncertain times. And while the stock market has certainly re-bounded and corporate profits have soured, many families are facing down-ward mobility, stagnant wages, de-creased opportunity, the feeling of dis-enfranchisement, and the inability to achieve financial security. Part of our problem is our country’s damaged micro-enterprise sector, that entrepreneurial space where most new jobs in the country are actually cre-ated. And we are not even talking about corporations that are 100 to 500 employees. We are talking about shops that are 1 to 5 people. This morning, I made a phone call as I was getting on the plane to return here from Nebraska because, Mr. Speaker, I received this in the mail. This is a flyer announcing a doors-clos-ing sale from a small business called Havelock Furniture. This furniture company anchors the north end of a little community called Havelock, which is now subsumed into the great-er community of Lincoln, Nebraska. It distressed me when I received this. At first, I thought they might be an-other victim of corporate consolida-tion, an inability to compete as a small furniture store in a sector that might be, again, increasing the concentration into fewer and fewer hands. So I just picked up the phone, and I called Sue. Now, this is an advertise-ment for a closing-business sale, and it is giving me a discount if I want to come there and buy something. But Sue lays out, in very heartfelt terms, the reality of their circumstances: The family has been in business for 61 years, and now I am retiring forever. She goes on to say: And I am offering our friends and employees and pre-ferred customers a special discount. Well, I can’t ever recall if I have met Sue. And, by the way, at the top of this, Mr. Speaker—I don’t know if you can see it—is a picture of the founder, Mel Everson, and it says: In loving memory. As I recall, Sue is his daugh-ter. I called Sue just to find out what was going on, and also to express my thanks for their willingness to be in business this long, carry on an impor-tant tradition for an important part of our town, and be an integrated part of an old Main Street that still occupies a unique part of the community where I live. We talked a little bit about what happened. And, fortunately, it wasn’t the result of any type of pressure com-ing from outside economic forces that were beyond her control, it was simply the necessary decision that had to be made for family reasons. But, nonethe-less, I felt a heartfelt loss. And why? Because on a deeper level, Sue’s busi-ness is the loss of a symbol of commu-nity mutuality and economic affairs, a gathering place where human inter-action reinforces social vibrancy. Mr. Speaker, our country needs a 21st century vision of what economic suc-cess can look like. Benign competition with a robust small business sector cre-ates the conditions for a sustainable dynamism, a humane economy that prioritizes personal relationships and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.063 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5909 September 26, 2016 
community ties, fosters stronger entrepreneurialism, forges better con-sumer products, and creates more jobs for persons who need them. b2000 Just as a healthy society and the principle of self-responsibility are the preconditions for prosperity, properly ordered markets support social cohe-sion. Markets at their best are driven by startup innovation and sustained by widespread ownership. The return of small business, with a new participatory economy, can extend the dignity and just rewards of meaningful work. It will help us fight poverty and help us to rebuild our economy in this century. Now, what are some good examples of this economic mutuality I am referring to where no person or no thing is thrown away? I recently saw a presentation by a CEO of a major corporation. He threw up a PowerPoint on the screen, and I thought we were getting ready to look at some boring quarterly earnings pro-jections or something like that; but in-stead of rolling out the PowerPoints and graphs, the CEO showed a simple picture. It was a picture of a young woman on her wedding day, a bride on her father’s arm. The CEO then said this: ‘‘Everyone is someone’s daughter. Everyone is some-one’s son.’’ In other words, persons matter—persons matter in a society; persons matter in a business; persons matter as we debate the great public policy issues before us because, ulti-mately, that is the purpose, the well- being of persons. The point was powerfully made. The understanding of work and the work-place—the proper understanding of work as nested within the workplace— are essential to human dignity and to human happiness; and this CEO of a very large corporation said he believed business could be the greatest force for good in the world. That is a strong and proper perspective. Mr. Speaker, as I was recently look-ing around my garage, looking to clean out a few things, I came upon an old, antiquated pickax. It is really a sub-stantial piece of hardware. I bought this years ago and used it numbers of times in my yard. Then the handle fi-nally broke, and I had a hard time throwing it away—it is a bad habit I have, I guess. But it sat there in my ga-rage, a substantial piece of iron. So, in-stead of throwing it away, I took it with me to the local hardware store, and then I went to look at some new ones. I asked the clerk: ‘‘What do you think? Do you sell handles?’’ He said: ‘‘No, we do not sell new han-dles.’’ He said: ‘‘You are probably bet-ter off buying a new one and putting this one on the wall in the man cave.’’ So I went and looked at a new one and toyed with the idea; but then the clerk said: ‘‘Well, look. Let me do a little re-search for you, and I will get back to you.’’ So he did. He went out and found a company in America that made pickax handles out of hickory. He took it a lit-tle further. He went ahead and ordered the handle for me, and he replaced it himself. When I went to the store about week later, there it was—a piece of old, old hardware, ready to be put back to work with a replacement han-dle proudly made in America and made of hickory. If you had done a straight analysis of the cost involved in this repair project, it was not worth it. I only saved about $10 by repairing versus buying a new one. I had to wait a week or so, and I had to go to the store twice, but there are unmeasured benefits here. Let’s talk about those. First of all, an old piece of iron is not in a landfill; a re-newable resource of hickory wood was deployed; an American company made a little profit; and the hardware store’s clerk had the satisfaction of a hand- built opportunity. I will tell you, I must say, I am pretty proud of my re-freshed, repurposed pickax, and I put it right to work on some old bushes I had in the yard. More importantly, Mr. Speaker, if we are going to rebuild our economy, thinking about how we manufacture, how we maintain, and how we rebuild what is still useful can unlock the ben-efits of a well-functioning market sys-tem. This small act of taking some-thing old but solid and getting it back into useful service provides some in-sights on how to better secure eco-nomic well-being. The disposable na-ture of so many goods as they are now manufactured, with the intended life expectancy ever more narrowed, de-creases costs in the short term—but cheaper isn’t always best. The ability to repair and recycle and to repur-pose—to keep the useful life of a re-source as long as possible—is smart ec-onomics. It is a fundamental principle of conservation, and it is a key to re-viving the small business service sec-tor. Perhaps, Mr. Speaker, this is an emerging trend. I was watching the Olympics. During it, I noticed a com-mercial in which a major retailer gave a subtle message about cheap imports. During the commercial, as the song ‘‘Dream On’’ built up steadily in the background, the commercial featured people waking up, going about the rou-tine of life, getting their kids to school, and making their way to a fac-tory, where they used their hands to make things—tough and gritty work, but connected to a deeper meaning. At the end of the commercial, the com-pany stated it will invest $250 billion in American manufacturing in the years to come. Maybe we are on the front end of a trend, Mr. Speaker. I certainly hope so. An economic model that chases more and more output alone is not a valid measure of value. Our country’s eco-nomic reboot requires a return to a hu-mane economy—one focused on qual-ity, durability, and the work of human hands and, as much as we can, made in America. Without this focus, we will forever chase that which we cannot find, and perhaps more and more people are realizing that we should shift to what is dependable, not disposable; to what is fixable, not forgettable; to what is reparable and not just replace-able. Using my repurposed hickory- handled, American-made pickax gives me a great deal of time to think about these things, Mr. Speaker. It also gives me a pretty good workout—a winner all the way around. Mr. Speaker, I want to reference something else that I happened to see. There is a show—I am not sure if it is still on—that is called ‘‘Undercover Boss,’’ and I have seen it a few times. I find the program to be quite engaging and very, very human. The premise of the show is that the CEO, the chief ex-ecutive officer, of a major company goes undercover as an employee. Then, from there, he participates in the grit-ty work of building things, of cleaning up, of working the phones, and of per-forming basic administrative tasks. During this particular episode that I saw, the boss spent some time out in the field, repairing a broken sewer line. Then he was in an office, answering calls, and was at a manufacturing plant where the equipment was crafted. The CEO was assigned to one of the company’s top welders for training at the manufacturing facility. As part of his disguise, he wore safety glasses and a do-rag. The first mistake that the CEO made was that of burning a hole through the metal that he was sup-posed to be joining. After the welder who was supervising him gently cor-rected his technique, they took a break, and the conversation turned to job security. The middle-aged welder, who was a long-time, dedicated employee and a team leader at that corporation, told the boss about the worry that he has and that he overhears at the manufac-turing plant. Would they just show up one day and see a ‘‘closed’’ sign hang-ing on the cyclone fence? Given what is going on in America, no one knows for sure whether the company would just pack up and move overseas like so many others have. The simple conversation in the break room in middle America captured what so many Americans are justifiably con-cerned about. Although the govern-ment’s aggregate statistics show an overall unemployment rate of about 5 percent, the numbers hide a disturbing reality. For too many people, the rhet-oric of free markets has not translated into better opportunity or security. As I mentioned, stagnant wages and down-ward mobility, staggering student loan debt, job insecurity, and the increased cost of living are all real difficulties marking the new normal for an in-creasing number of families in our so-ciety. In another segment of the television show, the disguised CEO had to work on a home drainage system. The elder-ly woman who lived in the well-kept 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.064 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5910 September 26, 2016 
but very simple house was told that the bill to fix the problem was $1,200. She responded in a very worried voice about her many doctor bills and about how much medicine she had to buy. The employee who was supervising the CEO then paused, considered the situa-tion, and gently spoke back to the el-derly woman and said to her: ‘‘Well, how about $500?’’ The employee, as it turns out, had taken it upon himself to cut his own commission in order to help this elderly, vulnerable person, all while his undercover boss watched. After several other meaningful en-counters with his employees, the show concluded with the CEO’s revealing his true identity and commending every-one with whom he had interacted. He made some poignant points about his experiences—how deeply they had touched his life and how they would now impact his management style. To the welder, he said: ‘‘I want you to take the message back: ‘We are staying in America.’ Give them that assurance from me.’’ To the man who reduced the bill at the cost of his own salary, he re-warded him for his compassion and dedication. Business can be a force for great good, Mr. Speaker. The true potential of companies depends upon their people for their greatness. In this case, the CEO was willing to do a self-evaluation of his own leadership style and of the very fundamental purpose of the com-pany, itself. Perhaps a scorecard should be kept to feature businesses that do the right thing: trying to keep the best jobs in America, consistently inno-vating, and paying just salaries to per-sons who work hard to support them-selves and their families. In order to discover—to discover, per-haps, something about himself, to dis-cover the true meaning of work, to dis-cover the true value of the persons under his authority—the CEO went un-dercover. By doing so, he found what he had not seen: a properly functioning market economy that genuinely works for both profits and persons, repairing fractures in our society, and enhancing community interdependency. That is the point, Mr. Speaker: community interdependency is the true source of our Nation’s strength. When I was a much younger man, I owned a rear-wheel drive Ford Bronco II. They don’t make them anymore. I loved that little truck. I sold it shortly after I was married. That little truck was great for that time in my life, but navigating winter conditions could be a bit tough. One night, while traveling on an interstate during really forboding weather, I came over the crest of a hill, and what lay before me was surreal. It must have happened just seconds before. A large 18-wheeler truck had jackknifed. Cars were spun in every direction, flung into the me-dian. There was a clear sheet of ice that no one had expected. b2015 In an instant, my reality changed. In an instant, everything changed. I had to make a choice. I rapidly decreased my speed, gripped the wheel, and fo-cused my total attention on the road before me only just barely navigating the treachery. Mr. Speaker, many Americans feel that they have been tossed around in a bewildering unpredictability of our current policy, economic, and political dynamics. Many Americans are looking for new leadership that offers a com-pelling, inspirational, and stable vision that can restore the true security of our Nation. If we so choose, one of the strengths of the American system of government is its capacity for constant replenishment. In the midst of an unpredictable gov-ernment transition season, it may sound a bit peculiar to speak of oppor-tunity. But could this moment give us the chance, as a people, to reassess and realign? Perhaps so, if we so choose. As we began this conversation, Mr. Speaker, I talked about pointing to the problems in order to understand solu-tions. I think a stronger America might be glimpsed through four mutu-ally supporting principles: government decentralization, economic patriotism, foreign policy realism, and social con-servation. Mr. Speaker, just like every football game has four quarters, let’s think of our solutions as our four-quarter game plan: government decentralization, economic patriotism, foreign policy re-alism, and social conservation. What do I mean? First, a return to a more decentral-ized form of government will restore an important source of America’s strength. I, in no way, wish to belittle the essential important debates that occur in this body and elsewhere in the Federal Government. We have a role. We have a role to create the conditions so that the rest of society can flourish. The ultimate role we have is to seek justice and the just structures that can bring about order for persons and com-munities to flourish. When the Federal Government grows beyond its effectiveness, it infringes upon basic liberties, it stifles innova-tion, it crushes creativity, and it also takes away the responsibility that we have for one another. A creeping tend-ency to nationalize every conceivable type of problem erodes community re-solve. Now, while the Federal Government does have a central role in maintaining the guardrails for stability, the rule of law, and a fair opportunity economy, America’s governing system is de-signed to operate most effectively at different levels. Those close to an op-portunity or a problem ought to have the first authority to seize the oppor-tunity or solve the problem. I find it notable that the veterans memorial ceremony that I went to just yesterday did not include any government funds. It was made up of community resolve and community sacrifice. As a quick civics lesson, as an aside, the Rules Committee on which the gen-tleman from Georgia sits is still work-ing tonight, trying to craft the struc-ture for the debate that will occur on certain pieces of legislation to come before us in short order. Let me return to something I said, Mr. Speaker. Just like every football game has four quarters, I believe we ought to think of our solutions as a four-quarter game plan. The first is re-turning to a healthy concept of decen-tralized government, a healthy Fed-eralism where those closest to a re-sponsibility or opportunity have first- order priority in taking responsibility or seizing that opportunity, again, not to denigrate the very essential role that the Federal Government plays in creating the conditions for stability and rule of law and a just playing field, particularly in the economy, as well as national security, but other levels of governance are essential to community well-being. Second, economic inclusion or eco-nomic patriotism should help America recover from an arthritic economy. As I mentioned earlier, although the gov-ernment’s aggregate statistics show an overall unemployment rate at about 5 percent, these numbers continue to hide certain realities. There are stag-nant wages and downward mobility making life very difficult for a number of families. Mr. Speaker, it is sad to say this, but this Washington-Wall Street axis, which promotes the transnational cor-poration as the new ruling entity for society, cannot secure the well-being of our economy. They cannot. Instead of a globalized supply-side elitism, America needs a vibrant marketplace of her own that expands the space for constructive interdependency and community dyna-mism which will fight poverty and drive innovation, at the heart of which, again, is small business. Small business is the key, along with a fair regulatory environment and the right type of healthcare reform that will actually end up decreasing cost, while protecting vulnerable persons and reset the architecture so that we have a 21st century healthcare system that is truly just, that is fair, that is actually going to achieve the condi-tions for creativity and innovation in the marketplace. What we have now is a healthcare system that is an increas-ing drag on the small business sector; and, therefore, the number of jobs that we see created are going down. We are living in an entrepreneurial winter— the number of jobs being created are less from small businesses, are less than the number of small businesses that are actually dying. We are in an entrepreneurial winter. This has never happened before in the history of our country. So, focusing on the small business sector and returning to, again, a fair regulatory environment and appro-priately addressing a new architecture for health care, which doesn’t simply shift costs but, at its heart, protects vulnerable persons, improves 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.066 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5911 September 26, 2016 
healthcare outcomes and reduces cost is a key to restoring the small business sector. Third key is foreign policy realism. What do I mean? Foreign policy real-ism charts a course between overinterventionalism and isola-tionism. America has an important role to play on the global stage today. However, many Americans are alarmed at an exhausted, drifting, and often counterproductive foreign policy. The posture of foreign policy adventurism, sometimes coupled with naive assump-tions about democracy promotion, re-quires a recalibration. Leveraging American strength through strategic international relationships and authen-tic friendships will help us navigate the 21st century marked by a changing geopolitical framework. Mr. Speaker, I believe in the three Ds: strong defense, smart diplomacy, sustainable develop-ment. That is the right balance in our foreign policy considerations. Fourth key is social conservation. Social conservation provides the condi-tions for order, opportunity, and happi-ness. We usually don’t put those to-gether, social and conservation. We think of conservation as the important protection of our land and water and the air we breathe, not throwing things away unnecessarily. Thinking of the ideals of the ecosystem where all things are interdependent, or looking out into the vast horizons of nature and letting it pull ourselves to a higher realm of that which is beautiful, even that which is divine, we have all had that experience. We know it in nature. We see it. Could we possibly see the idea of an ecosystem of community where we ac-tually think that it is more than poli-tics for the promotion of sustainable values? As society has become more fragmented, it is harder and harder for us to craft policies that meet society’s needs. Washington cannot spend enough fast enough to fix the deep wounds in our culture, Mr. Speaker. Social conservation recognizes that family life, faith life, and civic life pro-vide a continuity of tradition, giving meaning to life and creating stability, particularly for children. Those of us who have had the scarring experience of coming from broken situations, we know this intuitively. Those of us who struggled with the deep scars of having what you know and what keeps you safe torn from you, we know that the formative institutions that preserve the good are invaluable to opportuni-ties later in life. Our sense of well-being, the strength of our Nation ultimately does depend upon the strength of the formative in-stitutions that give rise to family life, faith life, and civic life. That is the strength of America. We are confronting intensifying struggles about the direction of our country, and the fault lines are, sadly, widened. I think there are things that still bind us. I would like to think that what I am saying speaks to every Mem-ber of Congress here, that it transcends the superficial political boundaries that we set up that are, yes, based upon the different philosophical perspectives on the nature of what Washington ought to be and not. But I would like to think, again, that this rises above, because they are binding elements of the human heart. It is what we all long for: to be nested, to be secure within a community of loving persons around us who care enough to hold us account-able, who care enough to demand that we take responsibility for them and with them. Although we are encountering rough weather in our country, we can choose to rediscover this best sense of our-selves. We can choose to rediscover commonsense governance, which will uphold these ideals and be built upon them. We can choose right-sized eco-nomic models. We can choose to redis-cover universal foundational values that are consistent with the desire of all persons’ hearts. This is how the greatness can be restored again. This is how we make America great again. This is how we find ourselves and find one another and find a vision that binds us together and makes us all proud to stand as America’s flag is flown. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5303, WATER RESOURCES DE-VELOPMENT ACT OF 2016; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES; AND WAIVING A RE-QUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES Mr. WOODALL (during the Special Order of Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ) from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–790) on the resolution (H. Res. 892) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5303) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and devel-opment of water and related resources, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules; and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions re-ported from the Committee on Rules, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 954, CO-OP CONSUMER PRO-TECTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. WOODALL (during the Special Order of Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–791) on the resolution (H. Res. 893) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 954) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the individual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Con-sumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO- OP) program, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of per-sonal reasons. Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Ms. M
ATSUI (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of travel delay. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 21, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 5936. To authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into certain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, to make certain improvements to the enhanced-use lease authority of the Depart-ment, and for other purposes. H.R. 5985. To amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, September 27, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6968. A letter from the Secretary, Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Sys-tem Safeguards Testing Requirements for Derivatives Clearing Organizations (RIN: 3038-AE29) received September 21, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6969. A letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s no-tification of its 2016 compensation program adjustments, including the Agency’s current 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE7.067 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5912 September 26, 2016 
salary range structure and the performance- based merit pay matrix, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1833b(a); Public Law 101-73, Sec. 1206; (103 Stat. 523); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 6970. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Ted N. Branch, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6971. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Safety and Effectiveness of Consumer Antiseptics; Topical Antimicrobial Drug Products for Over-the-Counter Human Use [Docket No.: FDA-1975-N-0012; Formerly Part of Docket No.: 1975N-0183H] (RIN: 0910-AF69) received September 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6972. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Amendment to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations: Tunisia, Eri-trea, Somalia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Liberia, Cote d’Ivoire, Sri Lanka, Vietnam, and Other Changes [Public Notice: 9602] (RIN: 1400-AD95) received September 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6973. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a report entitled, ‘‘Administrative Jus-tice in the District of Columbia: Rec-ommendations to Improve DC’s Office of Ad-ministrative Hearings’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6974. A letter from the DAA for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Protected Re-sources, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Taking and Importing Marine Mammals; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Northeast Fisheries Science Center Fisheries Research [Docket No.: 150413360-6558-04] (RIN: 0648-BF02) received September 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6975. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Federal Civil Penalties Adjustment Act Amendments (RIN: 2900- AP78) received September 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6976. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Regulations and Legislation, Of-fice of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity, Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Quid Pro Quo and Hostile Environ-ment Harassment and Liability for Discrimi-natory Housing Practices Under the Fair Housing Act [Docket No.: FR-5248-F-02] (RIN: 2529-AA94) received September 21, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6977. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Rio de Flag, Flag-staff, Arizona Limited Reevaluation Report for June 2016; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6978. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s withdrawal of proposed rule — Authority to Solicit Gifts and Donations (RIN: 2900-AP74) received Sep-tember 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 6979. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulations Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Authority to Solicit Gifts and Dona-tions (RIN: 2900-AP75) received September 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6980. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Willcox Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2016-0002; T.D. TTB- 143; Ref: Notice No.: 157] (RIN: 1513-AC23) re-ceived September 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1877. A bill to amend section 520J of the Public Health Service Act to au-thorize grants for mental health first aid training programs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–786). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3537. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be reg-ulated, and for other purposes; with amend-ments (Rept. 114–787, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5460. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish a re-view process to review applications for cer-tain grants to purchase equipment or sys-tems that do not meet or exceed any applica-ble national voluntary consensus standards, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–788). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3779. A bill to restrict the inclusion of social security ac-count numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–789). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 892. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5303) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other pur-poses; providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules; and waiving a require-ment of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions re-ported from the Committee on Rules (Rept. 114–790). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 893. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 954) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the individual mandate certain individ-uals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO– OP) program (Rept. 114–791). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  [Omitted from the Record of September 22, 2016] 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII Committee on Appropriations dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 6004 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
[Submitted September 26, 2016] 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3537 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Ms. A
DAMS , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. K EATING , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Ms. L EE, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER ): H.R. 6164. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to authorize the use of title III funds for the establishment LGBTQ resource centers; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 6165. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to take action relating to promoting broadband Internet ac-cess service for veterans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 6166. A bill to provide an additional allocation of low-income housing tax credits in response to the Superfund site related condemnation of low-income housing in Indi-ana; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H ILL, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. N
EWHOUSE ): H.R. 6167. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to authorize agricultural producers to establish and contribute to tax- exempt farm risk management accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. AGUILAR (for himself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. S ERRANO ): H.R. 6168. A bill to encourage programs that support Dreamer student success in completing postsecondary education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6169. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to permit re-moval to United States district courts of cer-tain civil actions filed in State courts; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26SE7.000 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5913 September 26, 2016 
on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6170. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act with respect to the consolida-tion of public water systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6171. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to eliminate the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to grant a waiver from the work requirements for par-ticipation in the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program on account of an area’s high unemployment rate or limited employ-ment availability for individuals who reside in the area; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 6172. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to make grants to support fire safety education programs on college cam-puses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER ): H.R. 6173. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable credit against tax for commuting mass transit costs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. P
AYNE ): H. Con. Res. 162. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Congress that the Parthenon Marbles should be returned to Greece; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. STEWART (for himself, Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S ALMON , Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. M CCAUL, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. H
ARDY , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. M
ARINO ): H. Res. 891. A resolution expressing con-cern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-self and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): H. Res. 894. A resolution expressing support for designation of October 2016 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee): H. Res. 895. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of September 26, 2016, as National Adult Education and Fam-ily Literacy Week; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6164. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; -And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoring Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 6165. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 6166. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 6167. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution, which include the power to ‘‘regu-late commerce . . . among the several States . . .’’ By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6168. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6169. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with Foreign nations and among several states, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6170. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constituion. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6171. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 6172. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6173. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 611: Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 711: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 932: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 1025: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K EATING , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. P
INGREE , and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 1151: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1192: Mr. L
OBIONDO and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 1198: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1209: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 1258: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1542: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1559: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1728: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1861: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1877: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1942: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2224: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 2302: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2500: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 2640: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 2656: Mr. R
USSELL and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 2698: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 2715: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 2737: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. R OO-
NEYof Florida. H.R. 2739: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 2762: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington. H.R. 2783: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2849: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 2896: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 2903: Mr. O
LSON and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 2980: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 3084: Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. B
YRNE , and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 3164: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3268: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 3323: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3355: Mr. M
EEKS and Mr. Y OUNG of In- diana. H.R. 3381: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 3513: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 3632: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 3693: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 3706: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 3742: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 3765: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 3849: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3886: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3967: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3978: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 3991: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4151: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4247: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4410: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26SE7.100 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5914 September 26, 2016 
H.R. 4514: Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4592: Mr. B
OSTand Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 4622: Mr. N
OLAN and Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas. H.R. 4625: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4626: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C
ONAWAY , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 4657: Ms. P
INGREE and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4671: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 4683: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 4729: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 4764: Mr. K
INGof New York and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4766: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4770: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 4784: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 4907: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 4919: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 4927: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4932: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 4938: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 5029: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5061: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5067: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 5082: Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 5180: Mr. S
CALISE , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 5204: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 5219: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5224: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 5232: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5265: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 5329: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 5334: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5369: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 5410: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 5418: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 5474: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 5489: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. S
HUSTER . H.R. 5589: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5600: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5667: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 5683: Mr. H
ECK of Nevada and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 5685: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . H.R. 5689: Mr. G
RAYSON and Mrs. L AW-
RENCE . H.R. 5691: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5695: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5721: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 5727: Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 5730: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 5732: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 5790: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5799: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 5807: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 5814: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 5816: Mr. H
URTof Virginia, Mr. W ITT-
MAN, and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 5830: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 5853: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5879: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 5904: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 5954: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. F
ARR. H.R. 5961: Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 5980: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia, Mr. L
EVIN, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 5984: Mrs. T
ORRES and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 5989: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. B ERA, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 5999: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 6000: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 6016: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 6025: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 6030: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 6041: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 6043: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 6045: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 6047: Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 6058: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 6072: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 6073: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 6078: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 6088: Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 6094: Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
ILLER of Florida, Mr. B
ABIN, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. D ENT, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G
OWDY , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 6097: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6100: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. S
HIMKUS , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 6108: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. K
USTER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. D
ESANTIS , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 6116: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 6133: Mr. D
ESANTIS and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 6149: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 6161: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.J. Res. 11: Mr. P
OSEY . H.J. Res. 55: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.J. Res. 98: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. C ON-
YERS . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. C APU-
ANO. H. Con. Res. 160: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. P
INGREE , and Mr. L OUDERMILK . H. Con. Res. 161: Mr. L
ANCE . H. Res. 28: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H. Res. 289: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 346: Mr. H
IMES. H. Res. 586: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 590: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 754: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 850: Mr. T
AKANO . H. Res. 852: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. C OSTA . H. Res. 853: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. W ITTMAN . H. Res. 865: Mr. C
OFFMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE7.037 H26SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6071 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2016 No. 145 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
ONI E
RNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, the fountain of all of our blessings, we rejoice because of the majesty of Your Name and power, for Your glory fills the Earth. We see Your handiwork in the beauty of spacious skies and in the splendor of amber waves of grain. Today, inspire our Sen-ators so that the thoughts they think, the words they speak, and the deeds they do will please You. Lord, as our lawmakers strive to live worthy of Your blessings, continue to surround them with the shield of Your favor and prompt them to strive to find common ground. As we all experience Your favor, help us to remember the needy and those crushed by the iron feet of injustice. May we strive to stay within the circle of Your providential will, remembering Your promise to supply all of our needs. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, September 26, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ONIERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. ERNST thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
JUSTICE AGAINST SPONSORS OF TERRORISM ACT—VETO Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, is there a message at the desk in ref-erence to S. 2040? The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Chair lays before the Senate a communication from the Secretary of the Senate regarding that matter. The clerk will read the communica-tion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY , Washington, DC, September 26, 2016. Hon. J
OSEPH R. B IDEN, Jr., President of the Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. P RESIDENT : On Friday, Sep-tember 23, 2016, the President of the United States sent by messenger the attached sealed envelope addressed to the President of the Senate dated September 23, 2016, said to con-tain a veto message on the bill S. 2040, the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act.’’ The Senate not being in session on the last day which the President had for the re-turn of this bill under the provisions of the Constitution of the United States, in order to protect the interests of the Senate so that it might have the opportunity to reconsider the bill, I accepted the message at 3:45 p.m., and I now present to you the President’s veto message, with the accompanying papers, for disposition by the Senate. Respectfully, JULIE E. A DAMS , Secretary of the Senate. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, is the veto message with the papers at-tached at the desk? The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. It is. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the veto message on S. 2040 be considered as having been read; that it be printed in the R
ECORD , and spread in full upon the Journal. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The veto message ordered to be print-ed in the R
ECORD is as follows: To the Senate of the United States: I am returning herewith without my approval S. 2040, the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’ (JASTA), which would, among other things, re-move sovereign immunity in U.S. courts from foreign governments that are not designated state sponsors of terrorism. I have deep sympathy for the families of the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 (9/11), who have suffered grievously. I also have a deep appreciation of these families’ desire to pursue justice and am strongly com-mitted to assisting them in their ef-forts. Consistent with this commitment, over the past 8 years, I have directed my Administration to pursue relent-lessly al-Qa’ida, the terrorist group that planned the 9/11 attacks. The he-roic efforts of our military and counterterrorism professionals have decimated al-Qa’ida’s leadership and killed Osama bin Laden. My Adminis-tration also strongly supported, and I signed into law, legislation which en-sured that those who bravely responded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.000 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6072 September 26, 2016 
on that terrible day and other sur-vivors of the attacks will be able to re-ceive treatment for any injuries result-ing from the attacks. And my Adminis-tration also directed the Intelligence Community to perform a declassifica-tion review of ‘‘Part Four of the Joint Congressional Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities Before and After the Terrorist Attacks of September 11,’’ so that the families of 9/11 victims and broader public can better under-stand the information investigators gathered following that dark day of our history. Notwithstanding these significant ef-forts, I recognize that there is nothing that could ever erase the grief the 9/11 families have endured. My Administra-tion therefore remains resolute in its commitment to assist these families in their pursuit of justice and do what-ever we can to prevent another attack in the United States. Enacting JASTA into law, however, would neither pro-tect Americans from terrorist attacks nor improve the effectiveness of our re-sponse to such attacks. As drafted, JASTA would allow private litigation against foreign governments in U.S. courts based on allegations that such foreign governments’ actions abroad made them responsible for terrorism- related injuries on U.S. soil. This legis-lation would permit litigation against countries that have neither been des-ignated by the executive branch as state sponsors of terrorism nor taken direct actions in the United States to carry out an attack here. The JASTA would be detrimental to U.S. national interests more broadly, which is why I am returning it without my approval. First, JASTA threatens to reduce the effectiveness of our response to indica-tions that a foreign government has taken steps outside our borders to pro-vide support for terrorism, by taking such matters out of the hands of na-tional security and foreign policy pro-fessionals and placing them in the hands of private litigants and courts. Any indication that a foreign govern-ment played a role in a terrorist attack on U.S. soil is a matter of deep concern and merits a forceful, unified Federal Government response that considers the wide range of important and effec-tive tools available. One of these tools is designating the foreign government in question as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, which carries with it a litany of repercussions, including the foreign government being stripped of its sov-ereign immunity before U.S. courts in certain terrorism-related cases and subjected to a range of sanctions. Given these serious consequences, state sponsor of terrorism designations are made only after national security, for-eign policy, and intelligence profes-sionals carefully review all available information to determine whether a country meets the criteria that the Congress established. In contrast, JASTA departs from longstanding standards and practice under our Foreign Sovereign Immuni-ties Act and threatens to strip all for-eign governments of immunity from judicial process in the United States based solely upon allegations by pri-vate litigants that a foreign govern-ment’s overseas conduct had some role or connection to a group or person that carried out a terrorist attack inside the United States. This would invite consequential decisions to be made based upon incomplete information and risk having different courts reaching different conclusions about the culpa-bility of individual foreign govern-ments and their role in terrorist activi-ties directed against the United States—which is neither an effective nor a coordinated way for us to respond to indications that a foreign govern-ment might have been behind a ter-rorist attack. Second, JASTA would upset long-standing international principles re-garding sovereign immunity, putting in place rules that, if applied globally, could have serious implications for U.S. national interests. The United States has a larger international pres-ence, by far, than any other country, and sovereign immunity principles pro-tect our Nation and its Armed Forces, officials, and assistance professionals, from foreign court proceedings. These principles also protect U.S. Govern-ment assets from attempted seizure by private litigants abroad. Removing sovereign immunity in U.S. courts from foreign governments that are not designated as state sponsors of ter-rorism, based solely on allegations that such foreign governments’ actions abroad had a connection to terrorism- related injuries on U.S. soil, threatens to undermine these longstanding prin-ciples that protect the United States, our forces, and our personnel. Indeed, reciprocity plays a substan-tial role in foreign relations, and nu-merous other countries already have laws that allow for the adjustment of a foreign state’s immunities based on the treatment their governments receive in the courts of the other state. Enact-ment of JASTA could encourage for-eign governments to act reciprocally and allow their domestic courts to ex-ercise jurisdiction over the United States or U.S. officials—including our men and women in uniform—for alleg-edly causing injuries overseas via U.S. support to third parties. This could lead to suits against the United States or U.S. officials for actions taken by members of an armed group that re-ceived U.S. assistance, misuse of U.S. military equipment by foreign forces, or abuses committed by police units that received U.S. training, even if the allegations at issue ultimately would be without merit. And if any of these litigants were to win judgments—based on foreign domestic laws as applied by foreign courts—they would begin to look to the assets of the U.S. Govern-ment held abroad to satisfy those judg-ments, with potentially serious finan-cial consequences for the United States. Third, JASTA threatens to create complications in our relationships with even our closest partners. If JASTA were enacted, courts could potentially consider even minimal allegations ac-cusing U.S. allies or partners of com-plicity in a particular terrorist attack in the United States to be sufficient to open the door to litigation and wide- ranging discovery against a foreign country—for example, the country where an individual who later com-mitted a terrorist act traveled from or became radicalized. A number of our allies and partners have already con-tacted us with serious concerns about the bill. By exposing these allies and partners to this sort of litigation in U.S. courts, JASTA threatens to limit their cooperation on key national secu-rity issues, including counterterrorism initiatives, at a crucial time when we are trying to build coalitions, not cre-ate divisions. The 9/11 attacks were the worst act of terrorism on U.S. soil, and they were met with an unprecedented U.S. Gov-ernment response. The United States has taken robust and wide-ranging ac-tions to provide justice for the victims of the 9/11 attacks and keep Americans safe, from providing financial com-pensation for victims and their fami-lies to conducting worldwide counter-terrorism programs to bringing crimi-nal charges against culpable individ-uals. I have continued and expanded upon these efforts, both to help victims of terrorism gain justice for the loss and suffering of their loved ones and to protect the United States from future attacks. The JASTA, however, does not contribute to these goals, does not en-hance the safety of Americans from terrorist attacks, and undermines core U.S. interests. For these reasons, I must veto the bill. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , September 23, 2016. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the veto message be held at the desk, and at a time to be determined by the majority leader in consultation with the Democratic leader on Wednesday, September 28, the Senate proceed to the veto message on S. 2040; that there be 2 hours of debate, divided between the leaders or their designees; that upon the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on passage of the bill, the objections of the President to the contrary notwithstanding, with no intervening action or debate. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, the 10-week clean CR the Senate will vote on tomorrow is pretty simple. It keeps the government funded at the same agreed-upon, bipartisan spending levels as today. It contains zero con-troversial riders, it funds the fight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.002 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6073 September 26, 2016 
against Zika, and it ensures that vet-erans and the victims of severe flood-ing and the heroin and prescription opioid crisis are not left behind. It is clean. It is fair. We should pass it. Now, it is true that some in the Democratic leadership would like to turn this simple 10-week funding bill into some unnecessary partisan food fight. They think it is good election- year politics, but they have struggled to explain how they might even justify a vote against it. They can’t do it on spending levels; they already agreed to those. They can’t do it on controversial riders; there are none. They can’t do it on Zika; we have a bipartisan com-promise there. Both Democrats and Re-publicans agree on the need to help vets, flood victims, and those suffering from the heroin and prescription opioid crisis. So if both parties support what is ac-tually in the clean CR-Zika package, then just what in this bill are Demo-cratic leaders opposed to? It turns out they are trying to take our country to the brink, not based on something that is in this bill but something that isn’t, and it is something the Senate already addressed in the appropriate vehicle to do so. On September 15, the Senate voted to pass the Water Resources Development Act, which includes assistance for the families affected by lead poisoning in Flint. As Chairman I
NHOFE has pointed out, WRDA is not only the proper vehi-cle to address the situation facing Flint now, it is also the proper vehicle to help prevent water infrastructure crises in the future. The House is now prepared this week to pass WRDA as well, and Chairman I
NHOFE has pledged he will continue to pursue resources for Flint once the bill goes to conference. We know it is important to help the victims of recent severe flooding. Democrats are now suggesting, how-ever, that we not provide that relief unless they get an unrelated rider in this clean CR-Zika package. Is their so-lution then to remove help for flood victims? If their solution is to remove help for flood victims, they should say so. So let’s be clear. It would be cruel for any Senator who just voted to help Flint to now turn around and filibuster the victims of floods, the heroin and prescription opioid crisis, and Zika as part of some partisan game. Senators in both parties know this. I know our Democratic friends under-stand this, especially when we consider their calls to do more to address the heroin and prescription opioid crisis, and especially when we consider the letter they just wrote on Zika this month. Let me read some of what they had to say: ‘‘Zika is now well established in the United States with cases of local transmission by mosquitoes being re-ported in multiple areas of Florida, as well as the U.S. territories,’’ Demo-cratic Senators wrote. It is causing ‘‘babies [to] die, pregnant women and communities [to] suffer, [and] adults [to] worry about future long-term neu-rological risks from Zika. . . . ‘’ These Senate Democrats called for immediate passage of a bipartisan Zika package because ‘‘[t]he longer we delay, the greater the . . . irreparable human harm from Zika.’’ This is what they said: ‘‘The time for partisan games is over.’’ Now, that is a letter Senate Demo-crats wrote just this month. The bill before us contains a compromise Zika package that both parties support. Senator NELSON , a Democrat from Florida, understands the urgency of ad-dressing Zika, and that is why he sup-ports this bill which, as he noted, rep-resents a ‘‘clean $1.1 billion to help stop the spread of the Zika virus with no political riders.’’ Senator S
CHATZ , a Democrat from Hawaii, also voiced his support for the Zika compromise in this bill. Just last week, he said it is good for his State and urged that we ‘‘move forward with providing the CDC with the resources it needs.’’ Senator N
ELSON and Senator S CHATZ  are just 2 Democratic Senators out of nearly 30 who penned the letter earlier this month calling for quick congres-sional action on Zika. I ask all of them to join us and act now. Just as we joined together to help Flint earlier this month in the appro-priate vehicle, now it is time for Demo-crats to join with Republicans to en-sure veterans and those impacted by Zika, flooding, and the heroin and pre-scription opioid crisis do not fall vic-tim to a partisan filibuster. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
DONALD TRUMP Mr. REID. Madam President, vir-tually every time Donald Trump says or does something discriminatory—and that is often—the media relies upon a catalog of buzzwords to describe his ac-tions. The press uses words like hate-ful, intolerant, bigot, extremist, preju-dice, to name but a few. Yet there is al-ways one word that many of the press conspicuously avoid: Racist. They never label Trump as a racist, but he is a racist. Donald Trump is a racist. ‘‘Racist’’ is a term I don’t really like. We have all, with rare exception—I don’t know who it would be—said things that are not politically correct, but I don’t know of anyone, when that happens, who doesn’t acknowledge it and, if necessary, apologizes quickly, but Donald Trump doesn’t believe the racist things he does and says are wrong. He says them with the full in-tent to demean and to denigrate. That is who he is. Each time Trump is given a chance to apologize and make amends, he re-fuses, and then he doubles down on what he said before. The media is not holding Donald Trump accountable at all. He is not being held accountable. So why do reporters and pundits ab-stain from calling Trump what he is— a racist? It is not as if Trump’s racism is new. His bigotry has been on display since the early days of his business ca-reer. When Donald Trump was still work-ing at his father’s side as second in command, the Department of Justice slapped their company with a civil rights lawsuit. Why? Because they de-served it. Undercover Federal officers in New York found that the Trumps discriminated against potential ten-ants by rejecting applications for hous-ing from African Americans and Puerto Ricans. Trump has even had a secret system for discriminatory practices. As the Washington Post reported: Trump employees have secretly marked the applications of minorities with codes, such as ‘No. 9’ and ‘C’ for colored. . . . The employees allegedly directed blacks and Puerto Ricans away from buildings with mostly white tenants and steered them to-ward properties that had many minorities. 
In the 1980s, Trump took his racism to Atlantic City. This is Donald Trump at his best. He cheated, coerced, filed bankruptcy, did anything he could to cheat people out of money. In the proc-ess, his racism came to the forefront in Atlantic City. Trump was accused of making his African-American employ-ees move off the casino floor when he didn’t want to see them, which was any time he came to the casino. One em-ployee, Kip Brown, said: 
When Donald and Ivana came to the ca-sino, the bosses would order all the black people off the floor. It was the eighties, I was a teenager, but I remember it: they put us all in the back. 
Trump was later fined $200,000 by the New Jersey Casino Control Commission for that act of disgusting racism. In the 1990s, John O’Donnell, the former president of Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino, wrote a book about his time working with Donald Trump. O’Donnell reported that Trump fre-quently denigrated African Americans. He remembers a lot, but he specifically remembers Trump saying of his ac-countants: 
I’ve got black accountants at Trump Cas-tle and Trump Plaza. Black guys counting my money! I hate it. The only kind of people I want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day. 
How about that? 
I’ve got black accountants at Trump Castle and Trump Plaza. Black guys counting my money! I hate it. 
Those are words from Donald Trump’s mouth. 
The only kind of people I want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day. 
That is what he said. Speaking of another African-Amer-ican employee, Trump told O’Donnell: 
I think the guy is lazy. And it’s probably not his fault because laziness is a trait in blacks. It really is. I believe that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26SE6.003 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6074 September 26, 2016 
That is Donald Trump. He thinks that Blacks are lazy and that they can’t help it because it is one of their traits. Trump didn’t deny it. He later admitted: ‘‘The stuff O’Donnell wrote about me is probably true.’’ But since Donald Trump became in-volved in Presidential politics, his rac-ism has reached even new heights. Trump led the so-called birther move-ment to delegitimize our first African- American President. Last year, an-nouncing his candidacy for President, Trump denounced Mexican immigrants as ‘‘criminals, drug dealers, rapists.’’ Consider all of the despicable racist things he has done this year alone. He has repeatedly called for a ban on Mus-lims entering the United States. Trump attacked a Gold Star dad and a Gold Star mother. They are Muslims. Their son, CPT Humayun Khan, was killed in battle, but Donald Trump didn’t only question Mr. Khan, he ques-tioned Mrs. Khan. She was sitting there, and he said: I guess she is not talking because she is forbidden to speak by Islam. Donald Trump refused to condemn former KKK grand wizard David Duke, who is still in politics. Donald Trump has retweeted mes-sages from Nazi sympathizers and White supremacists. Donald Trump launched a racist at-tack on U.S. District Court Judge Curiel, a man born in Indiana, but Trump didn’t like that because his mom and dad were of Mexican heritage. He said he should be disqualified from hearing the case. Speaker R
YANcalled Trump’s offensive attack ‘‘a textbook definition of a racist comment.’’ This is the U.S. House of Representatives Speaker, who acknowledges that his Republican Presidential nominee is a racist. Yet here we are, 7 weeks from election day, and the Speaker of the House and the Senate Republican lead-er are both endorsing this racist man. Republicans should not support a man for President who by their Speak-er’s own admission is the textbook def-inition of a racist. Think of the exam-ple Republicans are setting for our Na-tion’s youth. Republicans are normal-izing this racist behavior. This will be their legacy—one of them. They have plenty to add to that. Those who refuse to denounce Donald Trump’s actions as racism are complicit in propagating and normalizing his hate. It is time for reporters and journal-ists to be honest with the American people. They owe Americans the truth: Through his words and deeds, Donald Trump is a racist. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. REID. Madam President, I want to make a few comments on the CR. Senator M
CCONNELL has given a great statement, but about whom? It is a straw man argument. We don’t oppose the Zika legislation. We don’t oppose helping flood victims. But we want more. We think it should be taken care of, but it hasn’t been in this bill, that is for sure. On opioids, we think it should be really funded, not this pitter path that doesn’t do anything. What it does is allow you to spend money that is not here. We think we should do the Sha-heen legislation and pay for it. We do believe we should not leave Flint be-hind, though. The CR proposed by the Republicans is short on a number of issues, and I will talk only about two of them this afternoon. I was especially disappointed to see the Republicans’ proposal regarding another disaster—a disaster that has been ongoing for well over a year. This CR, this funding measure, does not put a single penny toward Flint, MI—not a penny. The people of Flint, MI, have been waiting for emergency assistance to clean up poison water for more than a year. There are 100,000 people—chil-dren—lead-poisoned already. Senate Republicans claim they will address the needs of Flint when we re-turn after the election. Well, we have heard that before, haven’t we? That has been the Republicans go-to move in stalling funding for Flint—they always claim they will do it at a later time. Flint has heard this and heard this and heard this. In the meantime, the people of Flint, if they are fortunate, can take a drink of water out of a bottle and bathe in bottled water. We ran out of time months ago. We ran out of time when the Republicans decided to take a 7-week vacation, which is something that was remark-able in history, in more than 60 years. With the time we are going to have off before December 9 with the funding resolution, it will be the longest break the Senate has had going back, we be-lieve, to before the Depression—the Great Depression, not the Bush depres-sion. The crisis has been going on for a long time. Two and a half years ago, Flint learned that its water was not safe. Nine months ago, Republican Governor Snyder and President Obama declared the Flint, MI, water crisis an emergency. Five months ago, the Sen-ate Environment and Public Works Committee passed water infrastructure legislation with a bipartisan aid pack-age for Flint. I commend the chairman of that committee, Senator INHOFE , over and over for agreeing to do the fair thing. That package was voted out of the Senate less than 2 weeks ago on a vote of 95 to 3 as part of the so-called WRDA Act, but the House Republicans made it clear they have no intention of putting funding for Flint in that bill. Still the people of Flint wait for assist-ance. I have heard all the happy talk: Well, the Republicans are going to take care of this. Call and tell me you are going to take care of it. Give me some assur-ances that you are going to take care of it because 100,000 Flint residents continue to struggle with having safe water to drink. In fact, 40 percent of the people of Flint live below the pov-erty line. Flint, MI, is a community of color— African Americans. The junior Senator from Louisiana was especially callous in dismissing the people of Flint. It is hard to acknowledge what he said, but I am going to do it. He called the resi-dents of Flint ‘‘other people’s grief.’’ Well, using his analogy, the things we have done over the years with all the problems that Louisiana has had—hur-ricanes, floods, wind storms, and this latest ravaging rain they got—in Ne-vada, I guess that is somebody else’s problem—the people of Louisiana. The many problems we have had in Texas over the last decade—they are everybody’s problem, but not by the definition of the Senator from Lou-isiana. They are not other people’s grief. I would suggest the relatively new Senator from Louisiana needs to figure out what the name of his job is. It is United States Senator—not State sen-ator from Louisiana, United States Senator. He can look out for the people of Louisiana and yet turn a cold shoul-der to fellow Americans in Michigan. Congress must act to address emer-gencies whenever and wherever they occur, especially to help vulnerable Americans, because every one of these emergencies is creating lots of vulner-able Americans. The people of Flint deserve justice, and 90,000 children who have been lead- poisoned deserve justice. But instead of helping the people of Flint, they prom-ise to use this government funding measure to feed their addiction to un-disclosed and unaccountable dark money. What the Republican leader stuck in this funding resolution is a provision to prevent the Securities and Exchange Commission from telling cor-porations that they must disclose cam-paign contributions. If ever there were legislation contained in a resolution that didn’t deserve to be there, it would be that. Shadowy interest groups are spending hundreds of mil-lions of dollars on trying to elect hand-picked political candidates. What is this dark money? It is all these advertisements with all these phony front groups, most of which are funded by the Koch brothers. You won’t see their name on anything other than something to divert your atten-tion—a public service announcement about how good Koch Industries is for creating jobs. Well, Koch Industries is great for trying to get richer and rich-er and trying to enrich these two wealthy, Republican, rightwing men who are doing everything they can to buy America. They are doing pretty well, I have to give them credit for that. If they continue the way they are, they are going to be first in line. They are going to be the No. 1 oligarch in America, and they can match to see if they are entitled to be even a notch higher than the No. 1 oligarch in Rus-sia. Russia is an oligarchy, and because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26SE6.011 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6075 September 26, 2016 
of the Koch brothers, America is turn-ing into one. And what does the Repub-lican leader do? He sticks a provision in this legislation to protect them even further. Current Federal law requires publicly traded corporations to disclose finan-cial details on their annual report to shareholders, such as how much they are paying their executive officers and others, but shareholders—the true own-ers of corporations—have no idea how much money is being spent on politics, being directed by a few in the corpora-tions. The Securities and Exchange Commission does not require this to be reported. Last August, 44 Democratic Senators sent a letter to the Securities and Ex-change Commission in support of add-ing political disclosures in their annual shareholder reports. The Republican leader wants to stop this. He wants to do everything he can to protect the Koch brothers. But the Securities and Exchange Commission received 1 mil-lion public comments in support of dis-closure because it protects the inter-ests of investors—1 million comments. That is unheard of. The Republicans in the Senate are opposed to disclosure. That is why the Republican leader has attached this so- called rider to the government funding bill to prevent shareholders from knowing how their money is spent and being used in the political process. Re-publicans are holding the government hostage because they want to keep the political system awash in dark money. They want to give contributions to the Chamber of Commerce, the National Rifle Association, and on and on—mil-lions and millions of dollars. The Senate Republicans need to rethink their priorities. Republicans need to spend less time worrying about the balance in their campaign accounts and more time protecting their fellow Americans, especially those in Flint, MI. Madam President, I see my friend the senior Senator from Iowa on the floor. Before he speaks, will the Chair an-nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 5325, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cochran) amendment No. 5082, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell amendment No. 5083 (to amend-ment No. 5082), to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 5084 (to amend-ment No. 5083), of a perfecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 5085 (to the lan-guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 5082), to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 5086 (to amend-ment No. 5085), of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with in-structions, McConnell amendment No. 5087, to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 5088 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 5087), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 5089 (to amend-ment No. 5088), of a perfecting nature. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Iowa. 
IOWA FLOODS  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, natural disasters happen. Eight years ago, Senator Harkin and I had to deal with flooding in Eastern Iowa. Today Senator E
RNST and I are called upon to observe—as we did this past weekend— a great amount of flooding in Eastern Iowa. Earlier this year, we also heard the Senators from West Virginia and the Senators from Louisiana speak about the natural disasters in their State. It was only 8 years ago that I was on the floor talking about the record devastation caused by severe storms and floods. Many of the same places are currently experiencing simi-lar flooding as rivers are cresting at record or near-record levels. On Saturday, I toured several cities with the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, and Members of the Iowa congressional delegation, including Senator E
RNST . We saw debris and damage left by receding floodwaters, many homes underwater, and great flood fight preparations. Many businesses and individual vol-unteers have been working tirelessly to help prevent damage to both public and private property and to help clean up. Today I had a discussion with the mayor of Greene, IA, about the num-bers of high schools that are closed in that area, but the kids are coming in to help clean up in the city of Greene, IA. This is the Iowa way. I thank those who have helped and will provide as-sistance in the future. Since the floods of 2008, many lessons have been learned. Plans and training to protect Iowa communities are in place. I am pleased to report that the mitigation through Federal, State, and local resources that has taken place throughout Iowa since the floods of 2008 has been beneficial. This has al-ready proven effective and will lessen the impact of this year’s floods. It is estimated that more than $50 million of reduced impact will be experienced because of previous mitigation efforts. However, as we learned this weekend, so much remains to be done. Iowa’s second largest city, Cedar Rapids, experienced massive devasta-tion, with more than 1,300 city blocks covered in water and over $32 billion worth of damages from the floods of 2008. Today, as a result of massive amounts of rain upstream over the last few days, the city of Cedar Rapids is fighting to prepare for the high crest on the Cedar River, second only to 2008. Cedar Rapids is doing everything it can to protect its citizens by using HESCO barriers, earthen levees, and berms. However, a permanent solution through permanent flood control struc-tures is still very much needed. Even prior to the 2008 floods, the pro-tection of the Cedar River in Cedar Rapids was identified as needing eval-uation. In 2006, Congress authorized a flood risk management feasibility study with the feasibility cost share arrangement being signed on May 30, 2008. Since then, the feasibility study was completed and alternatives were chosen, although this Federal project protects only a portion of Cedar Rap-ids. I worked to get the construction of the project authorized in the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014. That happened to be the first WRDA bill since 2007. However, funding has been difficult to obtain since the benefit-cost ratio is just over one from the point of view of the Corps of Engi-neers’ scoring. I am pleased the Senate instructed the Army Corps of Engineers to expe-dite this and three other flood damage reduction and flood risk management projects in the recently passed Water Resources Development Act. Also in this year’s act, the Senate passed an amendment to the bill that I was pleased to cosponsor with my col-league, Senator ERNST , requiring the Government Accountability Office to study the Army Corps of Engineers’ methodology and performance metrics used to calculate benefit-cost ratios when evaluating construction projects. I have heard from Cedar Rapids, Des Moines, and several other places in Iowa regarding their concerns about how the Corps calculates the benefit of structures and that mitigation and fu-ture savings is not a strong factor in determining flood risk management. Let me say that as I talk to people in Iowa—but particularly in Cedar Rap-ids, IA—about the cost-benefit ratio, mitigation, and future savings not being taken so much into consider-ation, it is something that they just do not understand. I recognize that this is a complex issue and that the Corps rarely gets enough funding to maintain and operate what it owns, let alone start numerous construction projects. I also recognize the need to have a ra-tionale on how to prioritize projects when there are scarce resources, and I have been supportive of these efforts. However, a one-size-fits-all approach doesn’t work when dealing with flood protection. This is the most difficult thing to explain to people in Cedar Rapids, IA. It is a necessity to more ac-curately quantify future benefits and the protection of citizens when making benefit-cost ratios. We also need to find a way to expedite these flood projects so it doesn’t take 20 to 40 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26SE6.012 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6076 September 26, 2016 
years to study, design, and build—and it seems as if it takes forever to get completed. Again, Iowans—especially the people of Cedar Rapids—when they are faced with severe, repeated flooding, don’t understand why the Federal Govern-ment does not prioritize flood risk management and mitigation instead of spending emergency money to fight, re-cover, and then put them back in the same position as they were before. That money was spent in 2008—maybe not as much money, but still a great deal of money was spent this year—and still they are in the same position. That is what is not seemed to be under-stood. This money would be better spent actually mitigating the problem and protecting citizens and their prop-erty. I have heard of similar concerns all across the United States, not just in Iowa. My staff has surveyed articles from Louisiana, Texas, New Jersey, and Idaho, all stating similar concerns. I am sure that if we continued to look, we would find others as well. I call on the Army Corps of Engineers to carefully evaluate how they can im-prove their areas of flood control pol-icy. Reforms have taken place to expe-dite the study, planning, and report process, but reforms are needed to how they make these determinations. I also call on the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to change the way the Army Corps of En-gineers receives its funding. Every part of the Corps’ budget could be consid-ered an earmark under Senate rules. Therefore, it is very hard to advocate for the needs of the Corps’ districts and projects within Congress without vio-lating the earmark ban. As a result, the primary decision about what is in-cluded in the Corps’ budget rests with the President’s budget each year. I am not advocating to bring back earmarks for specific projects but to fund the Corps in a programmatic way or by dis-trict to allow Congress to exercise its oversight over funding decisions. All branches need to be held accountable for spending decisions, including the Federal bureaucracy. Congress should have the power of the purse for funding decisions of such importance to the people we represent, not just some bu-reaucrat. Retired MG Tom Sands, who was a commanding General of the Army Corps of Engineers’ Lower Mississippi Valley Division and president of the Mississippi River Commission, in a blog for The Hill newspaper on Sep-tember 7 of this year, wrote: 
No doubt the rationale for the current uni-form approach [at the Corps] is to foster ‘‘fairness.’’ But federal water policy would be better focused on how to quantify and achieve superior outcomes. This new ap-proach needs to focus more on common sense than on bureaucratic decisions. 
As I have based my work as a public servant on Iowa’s common sense, not bureaucratic nonsense, I couldn’t have said it better than General Sands, so I associate myself with his remarks. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD A. PAUL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it has been said that nations that forget its defenders will be itself forgotten. Well, I would like to take a moment to rec-ognize one of those defenders who fought for and secured our freedom during World War II. First, I want to commend Richard Paul for his brave actions and quiet courage—and thank him for a debt that we can never fully repay. I also want to wish him an early happy birthday. On October 23, Richard Paul, first lieutenant of the 13th Army Air Force—from Quincy, IL—will turn 100 years old. What an achievement. Today, I am honored to share his story. Let me take you back to Novem-ber 29, 1942. On that November day, in the midst of World War II, rather than waiting to have his draft number called, Richard drove down to the near-est Army Air Force Cadet Training Program in Peoria, IL, and volunteered to serve. The next day, he was sworn into the program and told to await fur-ther orders. In January 1943, Richard received his orders and reported to De-catur, IL. After stints in Jefferson Barracks, MO, and Galesburg, IL, Richard found himself in Texas for pilot training. On March 12, 1944, Richard graduated from flight school and spent the next 7 weeks in Liberal, KS, learning to fly the B–24 Liberator, an American bomb-er with the greatest bomb load car-rying capacity and longest range of its time. By the spring of 1944, First Lieu-tenant Richard Paul and his crew flew B–24 Liberators on 36 combat missions, including two recon missions in the South Pacific theater. Richard also re-ceived the Distinguished Flying Cross for his heroism and extraordinary achievement while participating and supporting military operations in an aerial flight. Although he didn’t know it at the time, on March 20, 1945, Richard flew his final mission. The following day, he was told he was going back to the States. For all his wartime accom-plishments, I think Richard would agree that his greatest achievement happened in flight school, marrying Es-ther Viola Jewell, who he simply called Vi. After getting permission from his base commander, the chaplain picked Richard and his bride up from the hotel she was staying at in Independence, KS. There was one problem: Richard and Vi didn’t have witnesses. So Rich-ard rushed back to the barracks and found two cadets to fill in. Disaster averted. And on Christmas Eve 1943, Richard and Vi were married. They would spend the next 64 Christmases together before Vi passed on December 14, 2008. We owe a great debt to veterans like Richard, who came home after the war and built this Nation. When the war ended, Richard first looked for work as a pilot at a Minneapolis airline. But de-spite his incredible experience, he was told they received nearly 100 applica-tions from former Army pilots every day and did not have enough jobs. Well, it was the airline’s loss and a blessing for the people of Quincy. The following year, Richard became a pharmacist and spent the next 44 years working in Quincy at the Brown Drug Company— the same Brown Drug Company Vi worked at in 1940. There are many advantages of having 100 years on Earth, but on top of the list may be the ability to spread love in so many ways. Whether it was through love of country—while serving as first lieutenant in the 13th Air Force during World War II; love of community— spending 44 years as a pharmacist at the Brown Drug Company; or love of family, raising 4 daughters with his wife, Vi, 8 grandchildren, and 18 great- grandchildren—what an extraordinary legacy. I will close with this: I have heard the first 100 years are the hardest. But I am reminded of what an old ball play-er once said: ‘‘Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it don’t matter.’’ So when the big day arrives, I hope Richard celebrates with friends and family—and enjoys it. He has earned it. Thank you, Richard, for your service and sacrifice, and congratulations on an outstanding milestone. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, establishes statutory limits on discre-tionary spending and allows for various adjustments to those limits, while sec-tions 302 and 314(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate will soon consider S. amendment No. 5082, which provides for continuing ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017, full- year appropriations for military con-struction and veterans programs, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26SE6.014 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6077 September 26, 2016 
funding for the Federal response to the Zika virus. This amendment provides funding to combat the Zika virus. For these ef-forts, the amendment provides $876 million in budget authority for fiscal year 2016 and $310 million in outlays for fiscal year 2017, respectively. These fig-ures include rescissions of emergency funds in division D of the amendment that provide a partial offset. This legis-lation includes language that would designate these provisions as emer-gency funding pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of BBEDCA. The inclu-sion of these designations makes this spending eligible for an adjustment under the Congressional Budget Act. The amendment also includes fund-ing for military construction outside of the United States that is designated as overseas contingency operations fund-ing pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of BBEDCA. These provisions provide $172 million in budget authority and $1 million in outlays for fiscal year 2017. The inclusion of the overseas contin-gency operations designations in these provisions makes this spending eligible for an adjustment under the Congres-sional Budget Act. Previously, I made adjustments to enforceable budgetary levels to accom-modate the conference report to ac-company H.R. 2577, which included both the Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act of 2017 and supple-mental Zika funding. The adjustments I make today take these prior adjust-ments into consideration and reflect the appropriate level for overall adjust-ments for considering the Zika and overseas contingency operations fund-ing of this amendment. Further, on May 12, 2016, I filed an adjustment to accommodate emer-gency spending in S. amendment No. 3896, which included the Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017. This emergency provi-sion, which increased outlays by $1 million in fiscal year 2017, is now in-cluded in division C of S. amendment 5082, and I am taking my previous ad-justment into account for processing this amendment. Finally, division C includes $500 mil-lion in budget authority in fiscal year 2016 and $10 million in outlays in fiscal year 2017 for the Community Develop-ment Block Grant program to respond to major natural disasters. This provi-sion is designated as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of BBEDCA and as such makes adjust-ments possible to accommodate this spending. As a result, I am increasing the budg-etary aggregate for fiscal year 2016 by $385 million in budget authority and decreasing related outlays by $39 mil-lion. I am decreasing the budgetary ag-gregate for fiscal year 2017 by $62 mil-lion in outlays. Further, I am revising the budget authority and outlay allo-cations to the Committee on Appro-priations by increasing revised non-security budget authority by $385 mil-lion and reducing outlays by $39 mil-lion in fiscal year 2016. Finally, I am revising the outlay allocation to the Committee on Appropriations by re-ducing outlays by $62 million in fiscal year 2017. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) $s in millions 2016 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................... 3,070,820 Outlays .......................................................... 3,091,285 Adjustments: Budget Authority ........................................... 385 Outlays .......................................................... ¥39 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................... 3,071,205 Outlays .......................................................... 3,091,246 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 (Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) 
$s in millions 2016 
Current Allocation: * Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 548,091 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 528,848 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 1,173,106 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 385 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ ¥39 Revised Allocation: * Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 548,091 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 529,233 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 1,173,067 
* Excludes amounts designated for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to Section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) o f the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. Memorandum: Above Adjustments by Designation Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 500 ¥115 385 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 0 0 ¥39 ¥39 
REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) $s in millions 2017 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................................... 3,212,522 Outlays .......................................................................... 3,219,575 REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES—Continued 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) $s in millions 2017 
Adjustments: Budget Authority ........................................................... 0 Outlays .......................................................................... ¥62 REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES—Continued 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) $s in millions 2017 
Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................................... 3,212,522 Outlays .......................................................................... 3,219,513 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $s in millions 2017 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 551,240 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 518,531 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 1,182,184 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 0 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. ¥62 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 551,240 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 518,531 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 1,182,122 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26SE6.010 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6078 September 26, 2016 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above OCO Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ......................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 0 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 0 0 10 ¥72 ¥62 
TRIBUTE TO JOSEPH BOARDMAN Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the dedication of Joseph Boardman, the president and chief ex-ecutive officer of Amtrak. After nearly 8 years of service, Mr. Boardman will retire from Amtrak this month. He is the second longest serving leader in Amtrak’s history. Mr. Boardman has spent his life in transportation and public service. As a boy, Mr. Boardman would watch the buses passing on Route 69 as he was working in the fields on his family farm. His father persuaded him of the importance of transportation and started him down to the road to a ca-reer in public transportation. After graduating from high school, he en-listed in the U.S. Air Force in 1966 and served the United States in Vietnam. He received his bachelor’s degree at Cornell and his master’s from SUNY Binghamton. Mr. Boardman’s transportation ca-reer began as a bus driver. Later, he went on to manage the transportation authorities for the cities of Rome and Utica. He also worked in Broome Coun-ty as the commission of transportation services, before starting his own trans-portation company in 1995. Mr. Boardman later went on to serve as the longest serving Commissioner of Trans-portation in New York State’s history. In 2005, he became the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration. During his transportation career, Mr. Boardman has been a fierce advocate for improving safety. At the Federal Railroad Administration, he played a particularly important role in the de-velopment and passage of the 2008 Rail Safety Improve Act. This bill man-dated the implementation of positive train control technology to help pre-vent crashes and fatalities on Amer-ica’s railroads. Under Mr. Boardman’s leadership at Amtrak, the railroad led the Nation in implementing this life-saving technology. At Amtrak, Mr. Boardman has also made improvements in how Amtrak op-erates. He has been responsible for a host of financial, technical, and safety improvements at the railroad, as well as numerous investments in infrastruc-ture improvements. During Mr. Boardman’s tenure, Amtrak has hit its highest ridership levels; annual rider-ship reached and passed 30 million pas-sengers per year. Amtrak’s debt dropped to a third of the 2002 level, which allowed the railroad to replace its aging elective locomotive fleet and improve service on the Northeast cor-ridor. Amtrak has made numerous im-provements to its infrastructure thanks to Mr. Boardman’s careful stewardship of the Federal investment in Amtrak. In my State, we know just how important that is, as Amtrak works to build the Gateway Project, connecting New Jersey and New York via a new tunnel under the Hudson River. Finally, it goes without saying that Joe Boardman has been the heart and soul of Amtrak. He has been a pas-sionate advocate for maintaining na-tionwide Amtrak service, for increas-ing passenger rail service around the country and for providing the best pos-sible service to Amtrak riders. His dedication to the railroad will be sore-ly missed. I congratulate Mr. Boardman on his service and wish him well in his retirement. Thank you. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO TRISHA PRABHU ∑Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, today I want to recognize a member of my stu-dent leadership advisory board, a very remarkable student from Naperville, IL, Trisha Prabhu. Miss Prabhu is the founder of ReThink, an award winning anticyberbullying platform that effec-tively prevents cyberbullying proactively, at the source, before the damage is done. The app, which acts as a keyboard on your smartphone, recog-nizes an inappropriate text and prompts the user with a message ask-ing them to rethink their text. Miss Prabhu crafted the premise of the app and its algorithms in 2014 and has been recognized as a global finalist for the Google Science Fair and was awarded the Inspire 2016 Aristotle Award by Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MIT. She made Illinois proud when ReThink was an exhibitor at the White House Science Fair in March 2015. Yesterday, ReThink was featured on the popular entrepreneur show, ‘‘Shark Tank.’’ Thoroughly impressed with her accomplishments and the comprehen-sive app, Miss Prabhu agreed to a $100,000 business deal with Mark Cuban and Lori Greiner. Miss Prabhu is an outstanding exam-ple of Illinois innovation and uses her innovative spirit to better her commu-nity and promote STEM education throughout the country. She has de-servedly received a number of awards for her work to stop bullying, including the ‘‘Global Anti-Bullying Hero’’ award from Auburn University. I share a com-mon goal with Miss Prabhu: to end bul-lying once and for all. I want to congratulate Trisha Prabhu on her recent accomplishment and wish her and ReThink the best of luck. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING RAYMOND BUSHLAND ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, it is with a great deal of pride that I honor the life and accomplishments of Dr. Ray-mond Bushland. This year, Dr. Bushland, along with his close friend and research partner Dr. Edward F. Knipling, posthumously received the Golden Goose award for his essential research into the reproductive cycle of the screwworm fly. Dr. Bushland was born in our neigh-boring State of Minnesota and was raised and educated in my home State of South Dakota. He earned both his bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in entomology from South Dakota State University. After completing these degrees, he pursued a doctorate from Kansas State University and began a long and fruitful career as a re-search scientist. During the 38 years Dr. Bushland worked with the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s research program, he au-thored over 70 scientific papers on the science and management of insects. He is most noted for working toward eradication of the screwworm fly. This scourge of man and beast had an an-nual economic impact of well over $1.8 billion, in today’s money, to the live-stock industry. Thanks to the research of Dr. Bushland and Dr. Knipling, most Americans have never heard of the screwworm fly, let alone ever dealt per-sonally with its negative impacts. Dr. Knipling and Dr. Bushland were jointly awarded some of the highest honors that anyone involved in agricul-tural research can earn: the Hoblitzelle National Award, the John F. Scotte Medal, and the World Food Prize. Dr. Bushland is currently the only grad-uate of South Dakota State to hold a World Food Prize. For his life’s work and service to hu-manity, I would like to remember Dr. Raymond Bushland.∑ f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT OF THE VETO OF S. 2040, THE JUSTICE AGAINST SPON-SORS OF TERRORISM ACT, RE-CEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON SEPTEMBER 23, 2016—PM 56 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States which was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk: To the Senate of the United States: I am returning herewith without my approval S. 2040, the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’ (JASTA), which would, among other things, re-move sovereign immunity in U.S. courts from foreign governments that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.022 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6079 September 26, 2016 
are not designated state sponsors of terrorism. I have deep sympathy for the families of the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 (9/11), who have suffered grievously. I also have a deep appreciation of these families’ desire to pursue justice and am strongly com-mitted to assisting them in their ef-forts. Consistent with this commitment, over the past 8 years, I have directed my Administration to pursue relent-lessly al-Qa’ida, the terrorist group that planned the 9/11 attacks. The he-roic efforts of our military and counterterrorism professionals have decimated al-Qa’ida’s leadership and killed Osama bin Laden. My Adminis-tration also strongly supported, and I signed into law, legislation which en-sured that those who bravely responded on that terrible day and other sur-vivors of the attacks will be able to re-ceive treatment for any injuries result-ing from the attacks. And my Adminis-tration also directed the Intelligence Community to perform a declassifica-tion review of ‘‘Part Four of the Joint Congressional Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities Before and After the Terrorist Attacks of September 11,’’ so that the families of 9/11 victims and broader public can better under-stand the information investigators gathered following that dark day of our history. Notwithstanding these significant ef-forts, I recognize that there is nothing that could ever erase the grief the 9/11 families have endured. My Administra-tion therefore remains resolute in its commitment to assist these families in their pursuit of justice and do what-ever we can to prevent another attack in the United States. Enacting JASTA into law, however, would neither pro-tect Americans from terrorist attacks nor improve the effectiveness of our re-sponse to such attacks. As drafted, JASTA would allow private litigation against foreign governments in U.S. courts based on allegations that such foreign governments’ actions abroad made them responsible for terrorism- related injuries on U.S. soil. This legis-lation would permit litigation against countries that have neither been des-ignated by the executive branch as state sponsors of terrorism nor taken direct actions in the United States to carry out an attack here. The JASTA would be detrimental to U.S. national interests more broadly, which is why I am returning it without my approval. First, JASTA threatens to reduce the effectiveness of our response to indica-tions that a foreign government has taken steps outside our borders to pro-vide support for terrorism, by taking such matters out of the hands of na-tional security and foreign policy pro-fessionals and placing them in the hands of private litigants and courts. Any indication that a foreign govern-ment played a role in a terrorist attack on U.S. soil is a matter of deep concern and merits a forceful, unified Federal Government response that considers the wide range of important and effec-tive tools available. One of these tools is designating the foreign government in question as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, which carries with it a litany of repercussions, including the foreign government being stripped of its sov-ereign immunity before U.S. courts in certain terrorism-related cases and subjected to a range of sanctions. Given these serious consequences, state sponsor of terrorism designations are made only after national security, for-eign policy, and intelligence profes-sionals carefully review all available information to determine whether a country meets the criteria that the Congress established. I contrast, JASTA departs from long-standing standards and practice under our Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and threatens to strip all foreign gov-ernments of immunity from judicial process in the United States based sole-ly upon allegations by private litigants that a foreign government’s overseas conduct had some role or connection to a group or person that carried out a terrorist attack inside the United States. This would invite consequential decisions to be made based upon in-complete information and risk having different courts reaching different con-clusions about the culpability of indi-vidual foreign governments and their role in terrorist activities directed against the United States—which is neither an effective nor a coordinated way for us to respond to indications that a foreign government might have been behind a terrorist attack. Second, JASTA would upset long-standing international principles re-garding sovereign immunity, putting in place rules that, if applied globally, could have serious implications for U.S. national interests. The United States has a larger international pres-ence, by far, than any other country, and sovereign immunity principles pro-tect our Nation and its Armed Forces, officials, and assistance professionals, from foreign court proceedings. These principles also protect U.S. Govern-ment assets from attempted seizure by private litigants abroad. Removing sovereign immunity in U.S. courts from foreign governments that are not designated as state sponsors of ter-rorism, based solely on allegations that such foreign governments’ actions abroad had a connection to terrorism- related injuries on U.S. soil, threatens to undermine these longstanding prin-ciples that protect the United States, our forces, and our personnel. Indeed, reciprocity plays a substan-tial role in foreign relations, and nu-merous other countries already have laws that allow for the adjustment of a foreign state’s immunities based on the treatment their governments receive in the courts of the other state. Enact-ment of JASTA could encourage for-eign governments to act reciprocally and allow their domestic courts to ex-ercise jurisdiction over the United States or U.S. officials—including our men and women in uniform—for alleg-edly causing injuries overseas via U.S. support to third parties. This could lead to suits against the United States or U.S. officials for actions taken by members of an armed group that re-ceived U.S. assistance, misuse of U.S. military equipment by foreign forces, or abuses committed by police units that received U.S. training, even if the allegations at issue ultimately would be without merit. And if any of these litigants were to win judgments—based on foreign domestic laws as applied by foreign courts—they would begin to look to the assets of the U.S. Govern-ment held abroad to satisfy those judg-ments, with potentially serious finan-cial consequences for the United States. Third, JASTA threatens to create complications in our relationships with even our closest partners. If JASTA were enacted, courts could potentially consider even minimal allegations ac-cusing U.S. allies or partners of com-plicity in a particular terrorist attack in the United States to be sufficient to open the door to litigation and wide- ranging discovery against a foreign country—for example, the country where an individual who later com-mitted a terrorist act traveled from or became radicalized. A number of our allies and partners have already con-tacted us with serious concerns about the bill. By exposing these allies and partners to this sort of litigation in U.S. courts, JASTA threatens to limit their cooperation on key national secu-rity issues, including counterterrorism initiatives, at a crucial time when we are trying to build coalitions, not cre-ate divisions. The 9/11 attacks were the worst act of terrorism on U.S. soil, and they were met with an unprecedented U.S. Gov-ernment response. The United States has taken robust and wide-ranging ac-tions to provide justice for the victims of the 9/11 attacks and keep Americans safe, from providing financial com-pensation for victims and their fami-lies to conducting worldwide counter-terrorism programs to bringing crimi-nal charges against culpable individ-uals. I have continued and expanded upon these efforts, both to help victims of terrorism gain justice for the loss and suffering of their loved ones and to protect the United States from future attacks. The JASTA, however, does not contribute to these goals, does not en-hance the safety of Americans from terrorist attacks, and undermines core U.S. interests. For these reasons, I must veto the bill. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , September 23, 2016. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate on January 6, 2015, the fol-lowing enrolled bills, previously signed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.003 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6080 September 26, 2016 
by the Speaker of the House, were signed on September 23, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ): 
H.R. 2615. An act to establish the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission. H.R. 5252. An act to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry’’. H.R. 5937. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Bat-tle Monuments Commission to acquire, oper-ate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in Marnes-la-Coquette, France, and for other purposes. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 1550. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project man-agement in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1296. An act to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes. H.R. 2285. An act to improve enforcement against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing terrorist and criminal net-works, and for other purposes. H.R. 4419. An act to update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts and to make other improvements to the District of Co-lumbia courts. H.R. 4564. An act to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, and for other purposes. H.R. 5037. An act to authorize the estab-lishment of a program of voluntary separa-tion incentive payments for nonjudicial em-ployees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service. H.R. 5320. An act to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on docu-ments sent by mail by the Social Security Administration, and for other purposes. H.R. 5523. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Rev-enue Service from carrying out seizures re-lating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an il-legal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of an-other criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes. H.R. 5625. An act to provide for reimburse-ment for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Gov-ernment business, and for other purposes. H.R. 5719. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treat-ment of certain equity grants. H.R. 5798. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5931. An act to provide for the prohibi-tion on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes. H.R. 5946. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competi-tion in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games. H.R. 5963. An act to reauthorize and im-prove the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 6004. An act to modernize Government information technology, and for other pur-poses. f MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2285. An act to improve enforcement against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing terrorist and criminal net-works, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 5037. An act to authorize the estab-lishment of a program of voluntary separa-tion incentive payments for nonjudicial em-ployees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 5320. An act to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on docu-ments sent by mail by the Social Security Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 5625. An act to provide for reimburse-ment for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Gov-ernment business, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5798. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5931. An act to provide for the prohibi-tion on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 6004. An act to modernize Government information technology, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals For Fiscal Years 2016 and 2017’’ (Rept. No. 114–358). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: H.R. 4742. A bill to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepre-neurial programs for women. H.R. 4755. A bill to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach. INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. LEAHY: S. 3393. A bill to prevent terrorists and criminals from obtaining explosives and fire-arms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mrs. M CCASKILL ): S. 3394. A bill to amend the Energy Reorga-nization Act of 1974 to modify provisions re-lating to protection of the employees of the Department of Energy and the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. Res. 573. A resolution designating Octo-ber 8, 2016, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. Res. 574. A resolution recognizing His-panic Heritage Month and celebrating the heritage and culture of Latinos in the United States and the immense contributions of Latinos and Latinas to the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. Res. 575. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Retirement Se-curity Week, including raising public aware-ness of the various tax-preferred retirement vehicles, increasing personal financial lit-eracy, and engaging the people of the United States on the keys to success in achieving and maintaining retirement security throughout their lifetimes; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. W AR-
REN): S. Res. 576. A resolution calling on Con-gress, schools, and State and local edu-cational agencies to recognize the signifi-cant educational implications of dyslexia that must be addressed and designating Oc-tober 2016 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. Res. 577. A resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Alaska Federa-tion of Natives; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. D URBIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. Res. 578. A resolution supporting Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool programs held on October 20, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.004 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6081 September 26, 2016 
S. Res. 579. A resolution recognizing the 40th Anniversary of the first class of women admitted to the Coast Guard Academy; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medi-care program. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 827 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 827, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. 
S. 924 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 924, a bill to require the National Credit Union Administration to hold public hearings and receive comments from the public on its budg-et, and for other purposes. 
S. 1127 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1127, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the de-nial of deduction for certain excessive employee remuneration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1327 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1327, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues. 
S. 1440 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1440, a bill to amend the Federal Credit Union Act to exclude a loan secured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4-family dwelling from the defini-tion of a member business loan, and for other purposes. S. 1605 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was withdrawn as a cosponsor of S. 1605, a bill to amend the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 to authorize concurrent compacts for pur-poses of regional economic integration and cross-border collaborations, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. C
ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1605, supra. 
S. 2126 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2126, a bill to reauthorize the women’s business center program of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2208, a bill to promote the eco-nomic security and safety of survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking, and for other purposes. 
S. 2216 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2216, a bill to provide im-munity from suit for certain individ-uals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citi-zens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2553 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2553, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1- 1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other purposes. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2702 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. BLUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2702, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individ-uals with disabilities to save additional amounts in their ABLE accounts above the current annual maximum contribu-tion if they work and earn income. 
S. 2703 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2703, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow rollovers between 529 programs and ABLE ac-counts. 
S. 2704 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2704, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the age requirement with respect to eligi-bility for qualified ABLE programs. 
S. 2869 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2869, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve col-lege savings under section 529 pro-grams, and for other purposes. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2912, a bill to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by pa-tients diagnosed with a terminal ill-ness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Alas-ka (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2957, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the Moon. 
S. 3065 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3065, a bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and fam-ily services to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most family-like, and appropriate settings, and for other pur-poses. At the request of Mr. W
YDEN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3065, supra. 
S. 3081 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3081, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide certain em-ployees of Members of Congress with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.008 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6082 September 26, 2016 
access to case-tracking information of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 3198 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3198, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 3279 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3279, a bill to realign struc-tures and reallocate resources in the Federal Government in keeping with the core belief that families are the best protection for children and the bedrock of any society to bolster United States diplomacy targeted at ensuring that every child can grow up in a permanent, safe, nurturing, and loving family, and to ensure that inter-country adoption to the United States becomes a viable and fully developed option for providing families for chil-dren in need, and for other purposes. 
S. 3369 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3369, a bill to amend sec-tion 2709 of title 18, United States Code, to clarify that the Government may obtain a specified set of electronic communication transactional records under that section, and to make per-manent the authority for individual terrorists to be treated as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978. 
S. 3371 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3371, a bill to amend titles II, XVIII, and XIX of the Social Security Act to improve the affordability and enrollment procedures of the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 527 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 527, a resolution recognizing the 75th anniversary of the opening of the National Gallery of Art. 
S. RES. 535 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 535, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China. 
S. RES. 570 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 570, a resolu-tion recognizing the importance of sub-stance abuse disorder treatment and recovery in the United States. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE RESOLUTION 573—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 8, 2016, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL HYDROGEN AND FUEL CELL DAY’’ Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 573 Whereas hydrogen, which has an atomic mass of 1.008, is the most abundant chemical substance in the universe; Whereas the United States is a world lead-er in the development and deployment of fuel cell and hydrogen technologies; Whereas hydrogen fuel cells played an in-strumental role in the United States space program, helping the United States achieve the mission of landing a man on the moon; Whereas private industry, Federal and State governments, national laboratories, and institutions of higher education con-tinue to improve fuel cell and hydrogen tech-nologies to address the most pressing energy, environmental, and economic issues of the United States; Whereas fuel cells utilizing hydrogen and hydrogen-rich fuels to generate electricity are clean, efficient, and resilient tech-nologies being sold for stationary and backup power, zero-emission light duty motor vehicles and buses, industrial vehi-cles, and portable power; Whereas stationary fuel cells are being placed in service for continuous and backup power to provide business and energy con-sumers with reliable power in the event of grid outages; Whereas stationary fuel cells can help re-duce water use, as compared to traditional power generation technologies; Whereas fuel cell electric light duty motor vehicles and buses that utilize hydrogen can completely replicate the experience of inter-nal combustion vehicles, including com-parable range and refueling times; Whereas hydrogen fuel cell industrial vehi-cles are being deployed at logistical hubs and warehouses across the United States and ex-ported to facilities in Europe and Asia; Whereas hydrogen is a nontoxic gas that can be derived from a variety of domesti-cally available traditional and renewable re-sources, including solar, wind, biogas, and the abundant supply of natural gas in the United States; Whereas hydrogen and fuel cells can store energy to help enhance the grid and maxi-mize opportunities to deploy renewable en-ergy; Whereas the United States produces and uses more than 11,000,000 metric tons of hy-drogen per year; and Whereas engineers and safety code and standard professionals have developed con-sensus-based protocols for safe delivery, han-dling, and use of hydrogen: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate designates Octo-ber 8, 2016, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’. SENATE RESOLUTION 574—RECOG-NIZING HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH AND CELEBRATING THE HERITAGE AND CULTURE OF LATINOS IN THE UNITED STATES AND THE IMMENSE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF LATINOS AND LATINAS TO THE UNITED STATES Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 574 Whereas the United States will celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month from September 15, 2016, through October 15, 2016; Whereas the United States Census Bureau estimates the Hispanic population in the United States at more than 56,500,000 people, making Hispanic Americans 17.6 percent of the population of the United States and the largest racial or ethnic minority group in the United States; Whereas, in 2015, there were 1,000,000 or more Latino residents in Puerto Rico and each of the following 9 States: Arizona, Cali-fornia, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, New Jer-sey, New York, New Mexico, and Texas; Whereas Latinos grew the United States population by more than 1,215,000 people be-tween July 1, 2014, and July 1, 2015, account-ing for nearly 
1⁄2of all population growth during that period; Whereas the Latino population in the United States is projected to grow to 119,000,000 people by 2060, at which point the Latino population will comprise more than 28.6 percent of the total population of the United States; Whereas the Latino population in the United States is currently the third largest worldwide, exceeding the size of the popu-lation in every Latin American and Carib-bean country except Mexico and Brazil; Whereas, in 2015, there were 15,062,452 Latino households in the United States and more than 18,000,000 Latino children younger than 18 years of age, representing approxi-mately 
1⁄3of the total Latino population in the United States; Whereas more than 1 in 4 public school stu-dents in the United States is Latino and the share of Latino students is expected to rise to nearly 30 percent in the next decade; Whereas 19 percent of all college students between 18 and 24 years of age are Latino, making Latinos the largest racial or ethnic minority group on college campuses in the United States, including both 2-year commu-nity colleges and 4-year colleges and univer-sities; Whereas a record 11,200,000 Latinos voted in the 2012 Presidential election, rep-resenting a record 8.4 percent of the elec-torate in the United States; Whereas an estimated 27,300,000 Latinos will be eligible to vote in the 2016 Presi-dential election and the number of eligible Latino voters is expected to rise to 40,000,000 by 2030, accounting for 40 percent of the growth in the eligible electorate in the United States over the next 15 years; Whereas more than 2,000 Latino citizens in the United States reach 18 years of age and become eligible to vote every day and an es-timated 1,000,000 Latino citizens in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.011 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6083 September 26, 2016 
United States will turn 18 and become eligi-ble to vote every year by 2024; Whereas, in 2015, the annual purchasing power of Hispanic Americans was an esti-mated $1,500,000,000,000, which is larger than the economy of all but 15 countries in the world; Whereas there are more than 4,700,000 His-panic-owned firms in the United States, sup-porting millions of employees nationwide and contributing more than $600,000,000,000 in revenue to the economy of the United States; Whereas Hispanic-owned businesses rep-resent the fastest-growing segment of small businesses in the United States, with Latino owned businesses growing at more than 15 times the national rate; Whereas, as of August 2016, almost 27,000,000 Latino workers represented 16.9 percent of the total civilian labor force in the United States; Whereas the share of the Latino labor force participation is expected to grow to 28 per-cent by 2024, with the Latino population ac-counting for more than 40 percent of the in-crease in employment in the United States over the next 5 years; Whereas Latinos have the highest labor force participation rate of any racial or eth-nic group at 66.1 percent, compared to 62.7 percent overall; Whereas, in 2015, there were 267,920 Latino elementary and middle school teachers, 83,435 Latino chief executives of businesses, 63,800 Latino lawyers, 64,448 Latino physi-cians and surgeons, and 11,194 Latino psy-chologists contributing to the United States through their professions; Whereas Hispanic Americans serve in all branches of the Armed Forces and have bravely fought in every war in the history of the United States; Whereas, as of July 31, 2015, more than 164,000 Hispanic active duty service members had served with distinction in the Armed Forces; Whereas, as of July 31, 2016, approximately 284,000 Latinos have served in post-Sep-tember 11, 2001, overseas contingency oper-ations, including more than 9,870 Latinos currently serving in operations in Iraq and Afghanistan; Whereas, as of September 2016, not fewer than 680 fatalities in Iraq and Afghanistan were members of the Armed Forces who were Hispanic; Whereas an estimated 200,000 Hispanics were mobilized for World War I and about 500,000 Hispanics served during World War II; Whereas more than 80,000 Hispanics served in the Vietnam War, representing 5.5 percent of individuals who made the ultimate sac-rifice for the United States in the conflict, even though Hispanics comprised only 4.5 percent of the population of the United States at the time; Whereas approximately 148,000 Hispanic members of the Armed Forces served in the Korean War, including Puerto Rico’s 65th In-fantry Regiment known as the ‘‘Borinqueneers’’, the only active duty seg-regated Latino military unit in the history of the United States; Whereas, as of September 2015, there are an estimated 1,500,000 living Hispanic veterans of the Armed Forces; Whereas 61 Hispanic Americans have re-ceived the Congressional Medal of Honor, the highest award for valor in action against an enemy force that can be bestowed on an indi-vidual serving in the Armed Forces; Whereas Hispanic Americans are dedicated public servants, holding posts at the highest levels of the Federal Government, including 1 seat on the Supreme Court of the United States, 3 seats in the Senate, 34 seats in the House of Representatives, and 4 seats in the Cabinet; and Whereas Hispanic Americans harbor a deep commitment to family and community, an enduring work ethic, and a perseverance to succeed and contribute to society: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month from September 15, 2016, through October 15, 2016; (2) esteems the integral role of Latinos and the manifold heritage of Latinos in the econ-omy, culture, and identity of the United States; and (3) urges the people of the United States to observe Hispanic Heritage Month with appro-priate programs and activities that celebrate the contributions of Latinos to life in the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 575—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL RETIRE-MENT SECURITY WEEK, INCLUD-ING RAISING PUBLIC AWARE-NESS OF THE VARIOUS TAX-PRE-FERRED RETIREMENT VEHICLES, INCREASING PERSONAL FINAN-CIAL LITERACY, AND ENGAGING THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES ON THE KEYS TO SUC-CESS IN ACHIEVING AND MAIN-TAINING RETIREMENT SECURITY THROUGHOUT THEIR LIFETIMES Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 575 Whereas people in the United States are living longer and the cost of retirement is in-creasing significantly; Whereas Social Security remains the bed-rock of retirement income for the great ma-jority of the people of the United States but was never intended by Congress to be the sole source of retirement income for fami-lies; Whereas recent data from the Employee Benefit Research Institute indicates that, in the United States— (1) only approximately 
2⁄3of workers or the spouses of those workers are saving for re-tirement; and (2) the amount that workers have saved for retirement is much less than the amount those workers need to adequately fund their retirement years; Whereas the financial literacy of workers in the United States is important so that those workers understand the need to save for retirement; Whereas saving for retirement is a key component of overall financial health and se-curity during retirement years and the im-portance of financial literacy in planning for retirement must be advocated; Whereas many workers may not— (1) be aware of the various options in sav-ing for retirement; or (2) have focused on the importance of, and need for, saving for retirement and success-fully achieving retirement security; Whereas, although many employees have access through their employers to defined benefit and defined contribution plans to as-sist the employees in preparing for retire-ment, many of those employees may not be taking advantage of those plans at all or to the full extent allowed by Federal law; Whereas saving for retirement is necessary even during economic downturns or market declines, which makes continued contribu-tions all the more important; Whereas all workers, including public and private sector employees, employees of tax- exempt organizations, and self-employed in-dividuals, can benefit from developing per-sonal budgets and financial plans that in-clude retirement savings strategies that take advantage of tax-preferred retirement savings vehicles; Whereas effectively and sustainably with-drawing retirement resources throughout the retirement years of an individual is as important and crucial as saving and accumu-lating funds for retirement; and Whereas the week of October 16 through October 22, 2016, has been designated as ‘‘Na-tional Retirement Security Week’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Retirement Security Week, including raising public awareness of the importance of saving adequately for retirement; (2) acknowledges the need to raise public awareness of a variety of tax-preferred re-tirement vehicles that are used by many peo-ple in the United States but could be used by more; and (3) calls on States, localities, schools, uni-versities, nonprofit organizations, busi-nesses, other entities, and the people of the United States to observe National Retire-ment Security Week with appropriate pro-grams and activities, with the goal of in-creasing the retirement savings and personal financial literacy of all people in the United States, thereby enhancing the retirement se-curity of the people of the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 576—CALL-ING ON CONGRESS, SCHOOLS, AND STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES TO RECOG-NIZE THE SIGNIFICANT EDU-CATIONAL IMPLICATIONS OF DYSLEXIA THAT MUST BE AD-DRESSED AND DESIGNATING OC-TOBER 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL DYS-LEXIA AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 576 Whereas dyslexia is— (1) defined as an unexpected difficulty in reading for an individual who has the intel-ligence to be a much better reader; and (2) most commonly due to a difficulty in phonological processing (the appreciation of the individual sounds of spoken language), which affects the ability of an individual to speak, read, spell, and often, learn a second language; Whereas dyslexia is the most common learning disability and affects 80 percent to 90 percent of all individuals with a learning disability; Whereas dyslexia is highly prevalent, af-fecting as many as 1 out of 5 individuals, and persistent; Whereas dyslexia is a paradox such that an individual with dyslexia may have— (1) weaknesses in decoding that results in difficulties in accurate or fluent word rec-ognition; and (2) strengths in higher-level cognitive func-tions, such as reasoning, critical thinking, concept formation, or problem solving; Whereas great progress has been made in understanding dyslexia on a scientific level, including the epidemiology and cognitive and neurobiological bases of dyslexia; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.013 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6084 September 26, 2016 
Whereas early diagnosis of dyslexia is crit-ical for ensuring that individuals with dys-lexia receive focused, evidence-based inter-vention that leads to the promotion of self- awareness and self-empowerment and the provision of necessary accommodations so as to ensure school and life success: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) calls on Congress, schools, and State and local educational agencies to recognize that dyslexia has significant educational im-plications that must be addressed; and (2) designates October 2016 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 577—COM-MEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE ALASKA FED-ERATION OF NATIVES Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 577 Whereas the Alaska Federation of Natives was established as the Alaska Federation of Native Associations at a historic 3-day meet-ing that began on October 18, 1966, which was the 99th anniversary of the transfer of Alas-ka from Russia to the United States; Whereas the establishment of the Alaska Federation of Natives as a statewide voice for the Alaska Native community was nec-essary— (1) to achieve a united stand relating to the settlement of Alaska Native land claims; and (2) to establish the Alaska Native commu-nity as a significant political force in the State of Alaska; Whereas that 3-day initial meeting of the Alaska Federation of Natives, which was largely funded by Chief Albert Kaloa, Jr., of the Native Village of Tyonek, was— (1) chaired by Emil Notti, a 34-year-old Athabascan Indian from Ruby, Alaska, who served as president of the Cook Inlet Native Association; and (2) attended by approximately 250 individ-uals representing 17 Native Associations; Whereas the attendees of that first meet-ing of the Alaska Federation of Natives unanimously adopted the recommendations of a land claims committee chaired by Willie Hensley, including 3 fundamental rec-ommendations that— (1) a land freeze be imposed on the transfer of all Federal land until Alaska Native land claims were resolved; (2) Congress enact legislation to enable settlement of the Alaska Native land claims; and (3) the Federal Government engage in sub-stantial consultation with Alaska Natives, including holding congressional hearings in the State of Alaska, before any action was taken on Alaska Native land claims settle-ment legislation; Whereas in early 1967, a second meeting of the Alaska Federation of Natives was held at which— (1) the name of the organization was changed to the Alaska Federation of Natives; (2) Flore Lekanof, an Aleut from St. George, Alaska, was elected chairman; and (3) Emil Notti was elected president; Whereas the Alaska Federation of Natives diligently pursued legislation for the settle-ment of Alaska Native land claims, assisted by eminent legal experts, including former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States Arthur J. Goldberg and former Attorney General Ramsey Clark; Whereas in 1970, the Yakima Nation pro-vided critical financial support, in the form of a substantial loan to the Alaska Federa-tion of Natives, to the effort to settle Alaska Native land claims; Whereas on December 18, 1971, with the en-actment of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), the Alaska Federation of Natives achieved victory in its goal of settling Alaska Native land claims; Whereas the Alaska Federation of Natives led a successful effort to enact the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act Amendments of 1987 (43 U.S.C. 1601 note; Public Law 100– 241) (commonly known as the ‘‘1991 Amend-ments’’), which amended the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.); Whereas for 50 years, the Alaska Federa-tion of Natives has effectively represented the interests of the Alaska Native commu-nity on a broad range of significant issues, including Alaska Native self-governance, subsistence, economic development, human development, public safety, and the interests of Alaska Native elders and Alaska Native youth; Whereas the Alaska Federation of Natives continues to be the principal forum and voice of Alaska Natives in dealing with crit-ical issues of public policy and government; Whereas the Alaska Federation of Natives will conduct its 50th anniversary convention from October 20 through 22, 2016, at the Carl-son Center in Fairbanks, Alaska; Whereas the Alaska Federation of Natives convention is the largest representative an-nual gathering of Native peoples in the United States and the largest convention in the State of Alaska; and Whereas the theme of the Alaska Federa-tion of Natives 2016 convention is ‘‘50 Years: Reflect, Refresh, Renew’’, which— (1) reflects on the challenges, innovations, and successes of the Alaska Native commu-nity over the past 50 years; (2) refreshes collective accomplishments, achievements, and aspirations; and (3) renews the commitment and dedication of the Alaska Federation of Natives to en-riching the future of Native peoples: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the Alaska Federation of Na-tives on its 50th anniversary; (2) commends the past and present officers, board members, delegates, and staff of the Alaska Federation of Natives for 50 years of dedication to the advancement of the Native peoples of the State of Alaska; and (3) congratulates the Alaska Federation of Natives on 50 years of enhancing and pro-moting the cultural, economic, and political voice of the entire Alaska Native commu-nity. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 578—SUP-PORTING LIGHTS ON AFTER-SCHOOL, A NATIONAL CELEBRA-TION OF AFTERSCHOOL PRO-GRAMS HELD ON OCTOBER 20, 2016 Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. D URBIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 578 Whereas more than 28,000,000 children in the United States have parents who work outside the home; Whereas high-quality programs that ex-pand learning opportunities for children, such as afterschool, before-school, summer, and expanded learning opportunities, provide safe, challenging, engaging, and fun learning experiences, including experiences that en-courage science, technology, engineering, and math, that help children and youth de-velop social, emotional, physical, cultural, and academic skills; Whereas high-quality afterschool programs and high-quality expanded learning opportu-nities provide students with hands-on, en-gaging lessons that are aligned with the school day; Whereas high-quality afterschool programs complement regular and expanded school days, and support working families by ensur-ing that the children of those families are safe and productive during the hours parents are working; Whereas high-quality afterschool programs engage families, schools, and diverse commu-nity partners in advancing the well-being of children and youth in the United States; Whereas high-quality afterschool programs that partner with high-quality community- based organizations build stronger commu-nities by integrating the school with the larger community; Whereas Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool, before-school, summer, and expanded learning opportuni-ties programs, held on October 20, 2016, high-lights the critical importance of those high- quality programs to children, their families, and their communities; and Whereas nearly 2 in 5 afterschool programs report that their budgets are in worse condi-tion in 2016 than at the height of the reces-sion in 2008, and more than 3 in 5 afterschool programs report that their level of funding is lower than it was in 2013, making it difficult for afterschool programs across the United States to keep their doors open and their lights on: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool programs held on October 20, 2016. f SENATE RESOLUTION 579—RECOG-NIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST CLASS OF WOMEN ADMITTED TO THE COAST GUARD ACADEMY Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 579 Whereas, on August 11, 1975, the Depart-ment of Transportation announced Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Siler’s decision to admit women to the Coast Guard Acad-emy, making it the first military service academy open to women; Whereas, on October 7, 1975, President Ford signed the Department of Defense Appropria-tion Authorization Act, 1976 (Public Law 94– 106; 89 Stat. 531) which authorized the admis-sion of women into the remaining three mili-tary service academies, two months after the Coast Guard Academy’s decision to do so; Whereas, on February 3, 1976, the Coast Guard Academy was the first military serv-ice academy to issue appointments to women; Whereas, on June 28, 1976, 38 women joined the Class of 1980 as freshmen and reported to the Coast Guard Academy for Swab Summer training; Whereas, in 1980, the first fourteen women were honored at the Coast Guard Academy’s 99th graduation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.013 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6085 September 26, 2016 
Whereas, since the Coast Guard Academy’s Class of 1980, more than 1,500 women have graduated from the Coast Guard Academy; Whereas, in June 2016, the Coast Guard Academy’s Class of 2020 hit a record of 38 percent female enrollment, an enrollment rate higher than any other military service academy; Whereas the Coast Guard has been at the forefront of expanding opportunities for women and setting a precedent for the ad-vancement of women in the Armed Forces; and Whereas women serving in the Coast Guard have played vital roles in maritime law en-forcement, search and rescue missions, and environmental protection initiatives and women continue to carry out an array of civil and military responsibilities that en-sure the maritime security of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the Coast Guard Academy on the 40th Anniversary of the Academy enrolling female cadets and recognizes the Coast Guard Academy as the first military service academy to admit female cadets; (2) recognizes the contribution women have made through their leadership, honor, and devotion to duty as members of the Coast Guard; and (3) commends the Coast Guard Academy for breaking barriers and creating equal op-portunities for women in the Armed Forces. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5092. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, making appro-priations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5093. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5094. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5095. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5096. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5097. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5098. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5099. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5100. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5101. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5102. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5092. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NEED FOR EX-PLICIT AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT MILITARY OPERATIONS AGAINST ISIS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that neither the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) or the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) authorize the use of military force against the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President, unless acting out of self-defense or to address an imminent threat to the United States, is not author-ized to conduct military operations against ISIS without explicit authorization for the use of such force, and Congress should debate and pass such an authorization. 
SA 5093. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division C, add the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act shall be used to implement any restriction on motorized boating at Havasu National Wildlife Refuge, Arizona, that is not covered by the memorandum of understanding entitled ‘‘To Facilitate Col-laborative Regional Administration of Lake Havasu’’ (Bureau of Land Management agreement numbered BLM MOU AZ–2014–13). 
SA 5094. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 9 days after enactment. 
SA 5095. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘7’’ and insert ‘‘8’’. 
SA 5096. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 7 days after enactment. SA 5097. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘5’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
SA 5098. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 5 days after enactment. 
SA 5099. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘4’’. 
SA 5100. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 3 days after enactment. 
SA 5101. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
SA 5102. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 1 day after enactment. f 
COORDINATED OCEAN MONITORING AND RESEARCH ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 636, S. 1886. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1886) to reauthorize the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation Sys-tem Act of 2009 and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.013 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6086 September 26, 2016 
all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coordinated Ocean Monitoring and Research Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
Section 12302 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12302. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subtitle are— ‘‘(1) to establish and sustain a national inte-grated System of ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes observing systems, comprised of Federal and non-Federal components coordinated at the national level by the Council and at the re-gional level by a network of Regional Coastal Observing Systems, and that includes in situ, re-mote, and other coastal and ocean observation and modeling capabilities, technologies, data management systems, communication systems, and product development systems, and is de-signed to address regional and national needs for ocean and coastal information, to gather specific data on key coastal, ocean, and Great Lakes variables, and to ensure timely and sus-tained dissemination and availability of these data— ‘‘(A) to the public; ‘‘(B) to support national defense, search and rescue operations, marine commerce, navigation safety, weather, climate, and marine fore-casting, energy siting and production, economic development, ecosystem-based marine, coastal, and Great Lakes resource management, public safety, and public outreach and education; ‘‘(C) to promote greater public awareness and stewardship of the Nation’s ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes resources and the general public welfare; ‘‘(D) to provide easy access to ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes data and promote data sharing between Federal and non-Federal sources and promote public data sharing; ‘‘(E) to enable advances in scientific under-standing to support the sustainable use, con-servation, management, and understanding of healthy ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes re-sources; and ‘‘(F) to monitor and model changes in ocean chemistry; ‘‘(2) to improve the Nation’s capability to measure, track, observe, understand, and pre-dict events related directly and indirectly to weather and climate change, natural climate variability, and interactions between the oce-anic and atmospheric environments, including the Great Lakes; and ‘‘(3) to authorize activities— ‘‘(A) to promote basic and applied research to develop, test, and deploy innovations and im-provements in coastal and ocean observation technologies, including advanced observing technologies needed to address critical data gaps, modeling systems, other scientific and technological capabilities to improve the under-standing of weather and climate, ocean-atmos-phere dynamics, global climate change, and the physical, chemical, and biological dynamics of the ocean, coastal and Great Lakes environ-ments; and ‘‘(B) to conserve healthy and restore degraded coastal ecosystems.’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 12303 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3602) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘States, re-gional organizations, universities, nongovern-mental organizations, or the private sector.’’ and inserting ‘‘the regional coastal observing systems, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the Interagency Ocean Ob-servation Committee.’’; (2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(6) REGIONAL COASTAL OBSERVING SYSTEM .— The term ‘regional coastal observing system’ means an organizational body that is certified or established by contract or memorandum by the lead Federal agency designated in section 12304(c)(3) and coordinates State, Federal, local, tribal, and private interests at a regional level with the responsibility of engaging the private and public sectors in designing, operating, and improving regional coastal and ocean observing systems in order to ensure the provision of data and information that meet the needs of user groups from the respective regions.’’; and (3) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator.’’. 
SEC. 4. INTEGRATED COASTAL AND OCEAN OB-SERVATION SYSTEM. 
(a) S YSTEM ELEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 12304(b) of the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(b)) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to fulfill the pur-poses of this subtitle, the System shall be na-tional in scope and consist of— ‘‘(A) Federal assets to fulfill national and international observation missions and prior-ities; ‘‘(B) non-Federal assets, including a network of regional coastal observing systems identified under subsection (c)(4), to fulfill regional and national observation missions and priorities; ‘‘(C) data management, communication, and modeling systems for the timely integration and dissemination of data and information products from the System; ‘‘(D) a product development system to trans-form observations into products in a format that may be readily used and understood; and ‘‘(E) a research and development program conducted under the guidance of the Council, consisting of— ‘‘(i) basic and applied research and tech-nology development— ‘‘(I) to improve understanding of coastal and ocean systems and their relationships to human activities; and ‘‘(II) to ensure improvement of operational as-sets and products, including related infrastruc-ture, observing technologies, and information and data processing and management tech-nologies; ‘‘(ii) an advanced observing technology devel-opment program to fill gaps in technology; ‘‘(iii) large scale computing resources and re-search to advance modeling of coastal and ocean processes; ‘‘(iv) models to improve regional weather fore-casting capabilities and regional weather fore-casting products; and ‘‘(v) reviews of data collection procedures across regions and programs to make rec-ommendations for data collection standards across the System to meet national ocean obser-vation, applied research, and weather fore-casting needs.’’. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA .—Paragraph (3) of section 12304(b) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(b)) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘for research and for use in the development of products to address societal needs.’’. (3) C
OORDINATION OF NON -FEDERAL ASSETS .— Paragraph (4) of section 12304(b) of the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(b)) is amended— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘N
ON-FEDERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘C OORDINATION  
OF NON -FEDERAL ’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, the regional coastal observ-ing system,’’ after ‘‘Interagency Ocean Observ-ing Committee’’. (b) P
OLICY OVERSIGHT , ADMINISTRATION , AND R
EGIONAL COORDINATION .—Section 12304(c) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(c)) is amend-ed by striking paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) INTERAGENCY OCEAN OBSERVATION COM -
MITTEE .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Council shall es-tablish or designate a committee which shall be known as the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee. ‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—The Interagency Ocean Obser-vation Committee shall— ‘‘(i) prepare annual and long-term plans for consideration and approval by the Council for the integrated design, operation, maintenance, enhancement, and expansion of the System to meet the objectives of this chapter and the Sys-tem Plan; ‘‘(ii) develop and transmit to Congress, along with the budget submitted by the President to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, an annual coordinated, comprehensive budget— ‘‘(I) to operate all elements of the System identified in subsection (b); and ‘‘(II) to ensure continuity of data streams from Federal and non-Federal assets; ‘‘(iii) establish requirements for observation data variables to be gathered by both Federal and non-Federal assets and identify, in con-sultation with regional information coordina-tion entities, priorities for System observations; ‘‘(iv) establish and define protocols and stand-ards for System data processing, management, collection, configuration standards, formats, and communication for new and existing assets throughout the Integrated Ocean Observing System network; ‘‘(v) develop contract requirements for each Regional Coastal Observing System— ‘‘(I) to establish eligibility for integration into the System; ‘‘(II) to ensure compliance with all applicable standards and protocols established by the Council; and ‘‘(III) to ensure that regional observations are integrated into the System on a sustained basis; ‘‘(vi) identify gaps in observation coverage or needs for capital improvements of both Federal assets and non-Federal assets; ‘‘(vii) subject to the availability of appropria-tions, establish through 1 or more participating Federal agencies, in consultation with the Sys-tem advisory committee established under sub-section (d), a competitive matching grant or other programs— ‘‘(I) to promote intramural and extramural re-search and development of new, innovative, and emerging observation technologies including testing and field trials; and ‘‘(II) to facilitate the migration of new, inno-vative, and emerging scientific and techno-logical advances from research and development to operational deployment; ‘‘(viii) periodically— ‘‘(I) review the System Plan; and ‘‘(II) submit to the Council such recommenda-tions as the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee may have for improvements to the System Plan; ‘‘(ix) ensure collaboration among Federal agencies participating in the activities of the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee; and ‘‘(x) perform such additional duties as the Council may delegate. ‘‘(3) L
EAD FEDERAL AGENCY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall function as the lead Federal agency for the implementation and administration of the System. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—In carrying out this paragraph, the Administrator shall con-sult with the Council, the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee, other Federal agencies that maintain portions of the System, and the Regional Coastal Observing Systems. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this paragraph, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) establish and operate an Integrated Ocean Observing System Program Office within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G26SE6.016 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6087 September 26, 2016 
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration— ‘‘(I) that utilizes, to the extent necessary, per-sonnel from member agencies participating on the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee; and ‘‘(II) oversees daily operations and coordina-tion of the System; ‘‘(ii) implement policies, protocols, and stand-ards approved by the Council and delegated by the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee; ‘‘(iii) promulgate program guidelines— ‘‘(I) to certify and integrate regional associa-tions into the System; and ‘‘(II) to provide regional coastal and ocean ob-servation data that meet the needs of user groups from the respective regions; ‘‘(iv) have the authority to enter into and oversee contracts, leases, grants, or cooperative agreements with non-Federal assets, including regional information coordination entities, to support the purposes of this chapter on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate; ‘‘(v) implement and maintain a merit-based, competitive funding process to support non-Fed-eral assets, including the development and maintenance of a network of Regional Coastal Observing Systems, and develop and implement a process for the periodic review and evaluation of the regional associations; ‘‘(vi) provide opportunities for competitive contracts and grants for demonstration projects to design, develop, integrate, deploy, maintain, and support components of the System; ‘‘(vii) establish and maintain efficient and ef-fective administrative procedures for the timely allocation of funds among contractors, grantees, and non-Federal assets, including regional asso-ciations; ‘‘(viii) develop and implement a process for the periodic review and evaluation of the Re-gional Coastal Observing Systems; ‘‘(ix) formulate an annual process by which gaps in observation coverage or needs for capital improvements of Federal assets and non-Federal assets of the System are— ‘‘(I) identified by the regional associations de-scribed in the System Plan, the Administrator, or other members of the System; and ‘‘(II) submitted to the Interagency Ocean Ob-serving Committee; ‘‘(x) develop and be responsible for a data management and communication system, in ac-cordance with standards and protocols estab-lished by the Interagency Ocean Observing Committee, by which all data collected by the System regarding ocean and coastal waters of the United States including the Great Lakes, are processed, stored, integrated, and made avail-able to all end-user communities; ‘‘(xi) not less frequently than once each year, submit to the Interagency Ocean Observing Ob-servation Committee a report on the accomplish-ments, operational needs, and performance of the System to contribute to the annual and long-term plans prepared pursuant to para-graph (2)(B)(i); ‘‘(xii) develop and periodically update a plan to efficiently integrate into the System new, in-novative, or emerging technologies that have been demonstrated to be useful to the System and which will fulfill the purposes of this chap-ter and the System Plan; and ‘‘(xiii) work with users and Regional Associa-tions to develop products to enable real-time data sharing for decision makers, including with respect to weather forecasting and mod-eling, search and rescue operations, corrosive seawater forecasts, water quality monitoring and communication, and harmful algal bloom forecasting. ‘‘(4) R
EGIONAL COASTAL OBSERVING SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Regional Coastal Ob-serving System operated by a Regional Associa-tion described in the System Plan may not be certified or established under this subtitle unless it— ‘‘(i) has been or shall be certified or estab-lished by contract or agreement by the Adminis-trator; ‘‘(ii) meets— ‘‘(I) the certification standards and compli-ance procedure guidelines issued by the Admin-istrator; and ‘‘(II) the information needs of user groups in the region while adhering to national stand-ards; ‘‘(iii) demonstrates an organizational struc-ture, that under funding limitations is capable of— ‘‘(I) gathering required System observation data; ‘‘(II) supporting and integrating all aspects of coastal and ocean observing and information programs within a region; and ‘‘(III) reflecting the needs of State, local, and tribal governments, commercial interests, and other users and beneficiaries of the System and other requirements specified under this subtitle and the System Plan; ‘‘(iv) identifies— ‘‘(I) gaps in observation coverage needs for capital improvements of Federal assets and non- Federal assets of the System; and ‘‘(II) other recommendations to assist in the development of the annual and long-term plans prepared pursuant to paragraph (2)(B)(i) and transmits such information to the Interagency Ocean Observation Committee via the Program Office established under paragraph (3)(C)(i); ‘‘(v) develops and operates under a strategic operational plan that will ensure the efficient and effective administration of programs and assets to support daily data observations for in-tegration into the System, pursuant to the standards approved by the Council; ‘‘(vi) works cooperatively with governmental and nongovernmental entities at all levels to identify and provide information products of the System for multiple users within the service area of the regional coastal observing system; and ‘‘(vii) complies with all financial oversight re-quirements established by the Administrator, in-cluding requirements relating to audits. ‘‘(B) PARTICIPATION .—For the purposes of this title, employees of Federal agencies are per-mitted to be members of the governing body for the Regional Coastal Observing Systems and may participate in the functions of the regional information coordination entities.’’. (c) S
YSTEM ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—Section 12304(d) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or the Inter-agency Ocean Observing Observation Com-mittee.’’ and inserting ‘‘or the Council under this subtitle’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, data sharing,’’ after ‘‘data management’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by striking subparagraph (D) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(D) additional priorities, including— ‘‘(i) a national surface current mapping net-work designed to improve fine scale sea surface mapping using high frequency radar technology and other emerging technologies to address na-tional priorities, including Coast Guard search and rescue operation planning and harmful algal bloom forecasting and detection that— ‘‘(I) is comprised of existing high frequency radar and other sea surface current mapping in-frastructure operated by regional associations; ‘‘(II) incorporates new high frequency radar assets or other fine scale sea surface mapping technology assets, and other assets needed to fill gaps in coverage on United States coastlines; and ‘‘(III) follows a deployment plan that prioritizes closing gaps in high frequency radar infrastructure in the United States, starting with areas demonstrating significant sea surface current data needs, especially in areas where additional data will improve Coast Guard search and rescue models; ‘‘(ii) fleet acquisition for autonomous under-water and surface vehicles for deployment and data integration to fulfill the purposes of the Act; ‘‘(iii) an integrative survey program for appli-cation of manned and unmanned vehicles to the real-time or near real-time collection and trans-mission of seafloor, water column, and sea sur-face data on biology, chemistry, geology, phys-ics, and hydrography; ‘‘(iv) remote sensing and data assimilation to develop new analytical methodologies to assimi-late data from the Integrated Ocean Observing System into hydrodynamic models; ‘‘(v) integrated, multistate monitoring to as-sess sources, movement and fate of sediments in coastal regions; ‘‘(vi) a multiregion marine sound monitoring system to be— ‘‘(I) planned in consultation with the Inter-national Ocean Observing Committee, the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Department of the Navy, and academic re-search institutions; and ‘‘(II) developed, installed, and operated in co-ordination with the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, the Department of the Navy, and academic research institutions; and ‘‘(E) any other purpose identified by the Ad-ministrator or the Council.’’; (D) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘The Administrator has the ability to stagger the terms of the System advisory committee mem-bers.’’ before ‘‘Members’’; and (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and the Interagency Ocean Observing Committee’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Observ-ing’’ and inserting ‘‘Observation’’. (d) CIVIL LIABILITY .—Section 12304(e) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation Sys-tem Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3603(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘information coordination enti-ty’’ and inserting ‘‘coastal observing system’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘non-Federal asset or regional information coordination entity,’’ and inserting ‘‘Regional Coastal Observing System,’’. 
SEC. 5. INTERAGENCY FINANCING AND AGREE-MENTS. 
Section 12305(a) of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3604(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—To carry out interagency activities under this subtitle, the Secretary of Commerce may execute an agreement, on a reim-bursable or nonreimbursable basis, with any State or subdivision thereof, any Federal agen-cy, or any public or private organization, or in-dividual to carry out interagency activities under this subtitle.’’. 
SEC. 6. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 12307 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3606) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12307. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 2 years after March 30, 2009, and every 3 years there-after, the Administrator shall prepare and the President acting through the Council shall ap-prove and transmit to the Congress a report on progress made in implementing this subtitle. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required by sub-section (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) a description of activities carried out under this subtitle and the System Plan; ‘‘(2) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the System, including an evaluation of progress made by the Council to achieve the goals identi-fied under the System Plan; ‘‘(3) identification of Federal and non-Federal assets as determined by the Council that have been integrated into the System, including as-sets essential to the gathering of required obser-vation data variables necessary to meet the re-spective missions of Council agencies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.023 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6088 September 26, 2016 
‘‘(4) a review of procurements, planned or ini-tiated, by each Council agency to enhance, ex-pand, or modernize the observation capabilities and data products provided by the System, in-cluding data management and communication subsystems; ‘‘(5) a summary of the existing gaps in obser-vation infrastructure and monitoring data col-lection, including— ‘‘(A) priorities considered by the System advi-sory committee; ‘‘(B) the national sea surface current mapping network; ‘‘(C) coastal buoys, and; ‘‘(D) ocean chemistry monitoring; ‘‘(6) an assessment regarding activities to inte-grate Federal and non-Federal assets, nation-ally and on the regional level, and discussion of the performance and effectiveness of regional information coordination entities to coordinate regional observation operations; ‘‘(7) a description of benefits of the program to users of data products resulting from the System (including the general public, industries, sci-entists, resource managers, emergency respond-ers, policy makers, and educators); ‘‘(8) recommendations concerning— ‘‘(A) modifications to the System; and ‘‘(B) funding levels for the System in subse-quent fiscal years; and ‘‘(9) the results of a periodic external inde-pendent programmatic audit of the System.’’. 
SEC. 7. PUBLIC-PRIVATE USE POLICY. 
Section 12308 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3607) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12308. PUBLIC-PRIVATE USE POLICY. 
‘‘The Council shall maintain a policy that de-fines processes for making decisions about the roles of the Federal Government, the States, re-gional information coordination entities, the academic community, and the private sector in providing to end-user communities environ-mental information, products, technologies, and services related to the System. The Adminis-trator shall ensure that National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration adheres to the deci-sion making process developed by the Council regarding the roles of the Federal Government, the States, the Regional Coastal Observing Sys-tems, the academic communities, and the private sector in providing the end-user communities en-vironmental information, data products, tech-nologies, and services related to the System.’’. 
SEC. 8. REPEAL OF INDEPENDENT COST ESTI-MATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 is amend-ed by striking section 12309 (33 U.S.C. 3608). (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 991) is amended by striking the item related to section 12309. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 12311 of the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3610) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 10. REPORTS AND RESEARCH PLANS. 
Section 12404(c) of the Federal Ocean Acidifi-cation Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3703(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
CONOMIC VULNERABILITY REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Coordi-nated Ocean Monitoring and Research Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Subcommittee shall transmit to appropriate committees of Congress a report that— ‘‘(i) is named ‘The Ocean Chemistry Coastal Community Vulnerability Assessment’; ‘‘(ii) identifies gaps in ocean acidification monitoring by public, academic, and private as-sets in the network of regional coastal observing systems; ‘‘(iii) identifies geographic areas which have gaps in ocean acidification research; ‘‘(iv) identifies United States coastal commu-nities, including fishing communities, low-popu-lation rural communities, tribal and subsistence communities, and island communities, that may be impacted by ocean acidification; ‘‘(v) identifies impacts of changing ocean car-bonate chemistry on the communities described in clause (iv), including impacts from changes in ocean and coastal marine resources that are not managed by the Federal Government; ‘‘(vi) identifies gaps in understanding of the impacts of ocean acidification on economically or commercially important species, particularly those which support United States commercial, recreational, and tribal fisheries and aqua-culture; ‘‘(vii) identifies habitats that may be particu-larly vulnerable to corrosive sea water, includ-ing areas experiencing multiple stressors such as hypoxia, sedimentation, and harmful algal blooms; ‘‘(viii) identifies areas in which existing Inte-grated Ocean Observing System assets, includ-ing buoys and gliders, may be leveraged as plat-forms for the deployment of new sensors or other applicable observing technologies; and ‘‘(ix) is written in collaboration with the agencies responsible for carrying out this Act. ‘‘(B) FORM OF REPORT .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The initial report re-quired by subparagraph (A) shall include the information described in clauses (i) through (ix) on a national level. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT REPORTS .—Each report re-quired by subparagraph (A) after the initial re-port— ‘‘(I) may describe the information described in clauses (i) through (ix) on a national level; or ‘‘(II) may consist of separate reports for each region of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. ‘‘(iii) R
EGIONAL REPORTS .—If the Sub-committee opts to prepare a report required by subparagraph (A) as separate regional reports under clause (ii)(II), the Subcommittee shall submit a report for each region of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration not less often than once during each 5-year report-ing period. ‘‘(C) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this paragraph and in paragraph (5), the term ‘appropriate committees of Con-gress’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(5) M
ONITORING PRIORITIZATION PLAN .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submis-sion of the initial report required by paragraph (4)(A), the Subcommittee shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that develops a plan to deploy new sensors or other applicable observing technologies— ‘‘(A) based on such initial report; ‘‘(B) prioritized by— ‘‘(i) the threat to coastal economies and eco-systems; ‘‘(ii) gaps in data; and ‘‘(iii) research needs; and ‘‘(C) that leverage existing platforms, where possible.’’. 
SEC. 11. STRATEGIC RESEARCH PLAN. 
(a) C ONTENTS .—Section 12405(b) of the Federal Ocean Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3704(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon and ‘‘and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) make recommendations for research to be conducted, including in the social sciences and economics, to address the key knowledge gaps identified in the economic vulnerability re-port conducted under section 12404(c).’’. (b) PROGRAM ELEMENTS .—Section 12405(c) of the Federal Ocean Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3704(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) Research to understand combined effects of changes in ocean chemistry, sediment deliv-ery, hypoxia, and harmful algal blooms and the impact these processes have on each other, and how these multiple stressors impact living ma-rine resources and coastal ecosystems. ‘‘(7) Applied research to identify adaptation strategies for species impacted by changes in ocean chemistry including vegetation-based sys-tems, shell recycling, species and genetic diver-sity, applied technologies, aquaculture meth-odologies, and management recommendations.’’. 
SEC. 12. STAKEHOLDER INPUT ON MONITORING. 
Section 12406(a) of the Federal Ocean Acidifi-cation Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3705(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon and ‘‘and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) includes an ongoing mechanism that al-lows potentially affected industry members, coastal stakeholders, fishery management coun-cils and commissions, non-Federal resource managers, and scientific experts to provide input on monitoring needs that are necessary to support on the ground management, decision making, and adaptation related to ocean acidifi-cation.’’. 
SEC. 13. RESEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
Section 12407(a) of the Federal Ocean Acidifi-cation Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3706(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
ESEARCH ACTIVITIES .—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall continue to carry out research activities on ocean acidifi-cation which shall support competitive, merit- based, peer-reviewed proposals for research, ob-servatories and monitoring of ocean acidifica-tion and its impacts, including— ‘‘(1) impacts on marine organisms and marine ecosystems; ‘‘(2) impacts on ocean, coastal, and estuarine biogeochemistry; ‘‘(3) the development of methodologies and technologies to evaluate ocean acidification and its impacts, and; ‘‘(4) impacts of multiple stressors on eco-systems exhibiting hypoxia, harmful algal blooms, or sediment delivery, combined with changes in ocean chemistry.’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 1886), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL HYDROGEN AND FUEL CELL DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 573, submitted earlier today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE6.023 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6089 September 26, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 573) designating Octo-ber 8, 2016, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate? Hearing none, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 573) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 574, S. Res. 575, S. Res. 576, and S. Res. 577. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to Public Law 99–661, appoints the following individual to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation: the Honorable J
ACKREEDof Rhode Is-land. ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 2016 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Sep-tember 27; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 5325; fi-nally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the week-ly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:27 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, September 27, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26SE6.018 S26SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1355 September 26, 2016 
RESTRAINING EXCESSIVE SEIZURE OF PROPERTY THROUGH THE EXPLOITATION OF CIVIL ASSET FORFEITURE TOOLS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5523, the Clyde- Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act. I am a proud cosponsor of this critically important bill be-cause it addresses a major problem in current law—a problem that has directly affected at least one of my constituents in Northeast Georgia. In fact, this bill is named after that con-stituent: Andrew Clyde. Andrew is a good, hardworking man, who is unfortunately all too familiar with the issue we’re talking about today. Andrew owns Clyde Armory in Athens, Georgia. This is a legal, successful, firearms business, but it was targeted by the IRS under civil asset forfeiture laws. Andrew is a combat veteran who grew this business in his community. He followed the law, paid his taxes on time, filed all the right paperwork—but that didn’t stop several hun-dred thousand dollars from being seized from his business. I think Andrew summed it up best when he testified before the Ways and Means Com-mittee about this same issue: ‘‘I did not serve three combat tours in Iraq only to come home and be extorted.’’ What he doesn’t say there—he was being extorted by his own government. In April of 2013, two IRS agents simply showed up at Clyde Armory, and served An-drew with a seizure warrant letting him know that his business bank account had been nearly drained. He was not aware of any laws he may have broken, unintentionally or not, and had practices in place to ensure his busi-ness was fully compliant with all laws. Over the course of a few months, the case wound up in federal court. After legal fees and the eventual surrender of $50,000 to the IRS to end the matter, nearly $150,000 had been carved out of the $950,000 seizure. Despite the fact that Andrew is a law-abid-ing citizen, the government was able to swoop in in the middle of the night and take private property absent evidence of wrongdoing and due process. That is why I have worked so hard on this issue—to prevent this kind of fed-eral intrusion of the worst form. H.R. 5523 would help to address this prob-lem. It would prohibit the IRS from using civil asset forfeiture authority in structuring cases— the type of case under which Andrew was tar-geted—unless it can demonstrate probable cause that the funds were connected to crimi-nal activity. Under H.R. 5523, the IRS must also establish notice and post-seizure review procedures for seizures based on structuring violations. This bill is a step in the right direction, and a step towards preventing future wrongful sei-zures like the one that happened to Andrew Clyde. I thank Congressman ROSKAM for intro- ducing this important legislation on behalf of Andrew Clyde and other victims of wrongful civil asset forfeiture, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support its passage. 
f 
EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES THROUGH STOCK OWNERSHIP ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rep. P
AULSEN and Rep. C ROWLEY for bringing H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, to the floor. This is important legislation that will help start- ups attract and retain employees by allowing employees to obtain an ownership stake in those companies without facing cost-prohibi-tive tax bills. Often, privately held start-ups provide em-ployees stock ownership options as part of their compensation package. Under current law, employees that receive company shares as part of their compensation package must pay the taxes on the value of those shares taxes immediately, long before the employees realize the economic benefit of those shares. This bill would allow employees to defer the tax on stock shares that companies provide employees as part of their compensation package for seven years or until the company can sell their stock on publically traded ex-changes. Additionally, it would increase ac-cess to company equity for lower-wage earn-ers. Studies have shown that closely held com-panies that combine employee ownership with employee workplace participation programs have a positive impact on employee produc-tivity and improve overall company perform-ance. Employees working for businesses in my district such as Neighborland and hobbyDB— both located in Boulder—have expressed their support for this bill and will be able to take ad-vantage of its tax benefits. Other types of employee-ownership models have helped businesses have a higher growth rate and stay in business. Employee-owner-ship models are good for the company, the employees, and the community. In Colorado, there are approximately 118 businesses that use employee-owned busi-nesses that promote employee ownership through stock option plans or ESOPs. A good example of a successful ESOP is Fire Safety Services. The owner, Jeff wanted to be able to offer his employees a stake in the business and converted his business to an ESOP. This allowed him to create a succes-sion plan so the business can remain locally owned. Jeff noted that after the conversion, employee morale was up and sales were up. The New Belgium Brewery, located in Ft. Collins is also an ESOP. From the perspective of the employees, New Belgium has a culture of personal and collective growth—the em-ployees are concerned about the professional growth of their colleagues and also have a vested stake in the management and eco-nomic health of the company. The bill before us will make it easier for em-ployees in other privately-held companies to participate in the growth of their company. f 
HONORING FIRST LIEUTENANT JEFFREY D. COOPER 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor First Lieutenant Jeffrey D. Cooper from Mill Creek, Washington. Lieutenant Cooper died on September 10, 2016, while serving in Kuwait. He was serving in support of Operation Inherent Resolve, a part of the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). Lieutenant Cooper was just 25 years old. He joined the Army in June 2013 and had been assigned at Fort Campbell, Kentucky, since July 2015. Lieutenant Cooper was an infantry officer assigned to Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 2nd Battalion, 502nd Infantry Regi-ment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 101st Air-borne Division. His awards and decorations include the Na-tional Defense Service Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and the Army Service Ribbon. While no words can hope to ease the pain and grief of his loss, my heart goes out to Lieutenant Cooper’s parents—Master Ser-geant Douglas Cooper and Diane Cooper— and all his loved ones. This was a tragic loss of a brave young man who was ready and willing to give his life for our great nation. Our country mourns with you. Let us take a moment of silence to honor his life and service. 
f 
THE 105TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA (TAIWAN) 
HON. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, on October 10, the people of Taiwan celebrate the 105th anniversary of the founding of the Republic of China (Tai-wan). As we approach this important day, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26SE8.001 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1356 September 26, 2016 
should take the time to commemorate Taiwan, an important economic partner and vital ally in Asia. This past year, the world witnessed Tai-wan’s third peaceful transition to power as the first woman was elected in Taiwan. The 23 million people on the island represent the only democracy in the Chinese speaking world. Taiwan has been a reliable partner in East Asia. According to the U.S. Dept. of Com-merce, U.S. trade in goods with Taiwan reached US$ 66 billion last year. For a popu-lation of only 23 million, Taiwan has become the United States’ 9th largest trading partner in 2015. Also, Taiwan is the state of New York’s 6th largest export market in Asia. On Taiwan’s National Day, we reaffirm the strength of the U.S.–Taiwan relationship and the United States commitment to the Taiwan Relations Act. It is an honor and privilege to support our friend and partner Taiwan and highlight the bonds that connect us. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TABLE TO TABLE’S EFFORTS DURING FOOD RESCUE AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize the wonderful work of Table to Table during Food Rescue Awareness Week, which is being held September 24th through 30th. For the last twenty years, Table to Table has been committed to collecting nu-tritional, high-quality food from donors and dis-tributing it through food establishments, food pantries, meal sites, and shelters to those who need it most in Johnson County. I grew up in poverty, and I know firsthand what it is like to worry about where my next meal might come from. Growing up, my single mom relied on food stamps at times in order to be able to feed my brothers, sister and me. I strongly believe that no Iowa child or family should go to bed hungry or have to wonder how they will afford their next meal. Hunger unfortunately continues to be a major problem in America and for many Iowa families. In Johnson County, one in seven residents relies on nutritional assistance in some way. That is why I am so grateful for Table to Table’s efforts to fight food insecurity. Founded in 1996, Table to Table was the first food rescue charity in Iowa. Since then, Table to Table has provided the equivalent of 12.5 million meals consisting of food that would otherwise have been wasted and deposited in the landfill. This great organization has over 100 regular volunteers, collects from over 40 donation sites, and delivers to 36 agency sites. On behalf of all of my constituents, I would like to thank Bob Andrlik, Executive Director of Table to Table, for his years of service, and Table to Table for providing quality nutrition for those who need it. I know I join my col-leagues, friends, and fellow Iowans in wishing Table to Table the best of success during this year’s Food Rescue Awareness Week and urging folks who can to contribute food or vol-unteer. HONORING METRO TRANSIT SYSTEM OF THE YEAR HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Metro Transit on being named Transit System of the Year. This year, Metro Transit served nearly 86 million riders while of-fering excellent and reliable service. The American Public Transportation Asso-ciation’s Outstanding Public Transportation System Achievement Award reflects accom-plishments made between 2013 and 2015. During this time, Metro Transit increased rider-ship, expanded access, improved sustain-ability practices, and increased overall suc-cess in system safety. Metro Transit was sin-gled out among all North America agencies that provide more than 20 million annual pas-senger trips. Metro Transit plays a vital role in the Twin Cities by providing clean, safe, reliable, and affordable transportation service every day to thousands of commuters, residents, workers, and visitors. In 2015, Metro Transit had its highest ridership in 30 years, with total annual rides of over 85 million. Metro Transit’s com-mitment to sustainability through its transition to lower emission vehicles benefits everyone in the region, whether they use transit or not. Metro Transit not only makes transportation more accessible to workers, it also employs over 3,100 people in the Twin Cities. I am pleased to say that Metro Transit con-tributes to the quality of life and preserves the livability of the Twin Cities by mitigating traffic impacts, providing easier access to local busi-nesses, reducing air pollution, and improving circulation throughout the cities. On behalf of the residents of Minnesota’s 5th Congressional District, I congratulate the entire Metro Transit System, its employees, and its Board of Directors, for their efforts and significant contributions to the Greater Min-neapolis Area, and for their nationally recog-nized achievements in providing the highest quality transit service. 
f 
CHIPPEWA NATIONAL FOREST RISES TO THE FUTURE 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the dedicated natural resource man-agement professionals at the Chippewa Na-tional Forest for their excellent work on the re-placement of the Knutson Dam at the outlet of Cass Lake to the Mississippi River. Staff at the national forest and their commu-nity partners earned the ‘‘Rise to the Future’’ award, one of the U.S. Forest Service’s most prestigious awards, for their utilization of a de-sign called Rock Arch Rapids, which allows aquatic wildlife to travel freely between Cass Lake and the Upper Mississippi river. Before the construction of Rock Arch Rapids, the Knutson Dam, a logging dam built in the early 1900’s, blocked the passage of fish between Cass Lake and the Mississippi river. Further-more the dam was at the end of its usable life and required more and more costly repairs each year. The complete replacement of the dilapidated logging dam was a collaboration between Chippewa National Forest, Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, Minnesota Department of Natural Resources, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Lessard-Sams Outdoor Heritage Council, Mid-west Glacial Lakes Partnership and Ottertail Power Company. The new Rock Arch Rapids not only improves access to Cass Lake for aquatic life but also access to the lake by out-door enthusiasts, and minimizes erosion of Cass Lake’s shoreline to preserve the beau-tiful campgrounds, trails and beaches of the Chippewa National Forest for years to come. Please join me in congratulating the staff at Chippewa National Forest and their commu-nity partners for their prestigious achievement. f 
TRIBUTE TO HENDRICKS COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Hendricks County, Indi-ana, as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Fri-day, September 23, 2016. The county sits on the southern part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was named for Indiana Governor William Hen-dricks, who was serving at the time the county was formed in 1824. The county seat is lo-cated in Danville, which happens to be the lo-cation of my primary district office. Hendricks County is recognized as a logistics and trans-portation hub in Indiana and for the many mo-torsports companies that are headquartered there. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana’s past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are generally, culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organizations responsible for the twenty-five Legacy Projects throughout the county are: Avon-Washington Township Public Library, Cascade Middle School, The Porch, Brownsburg Educational Foundation, Rotary Club of Plainfield, Indiana, Plainfield Chamber of Commerce, Hendricks County Parks and Recreation, First Baptist Church of Amo, B&O Trail Association, Inc., Montrose Farms, Danville Rotary Club, Friends of Hendricks County Museum, the Town of Avon, the Town of Brownsburg, RAHC Committee, Avon Com-munity Heritage Festival Board, Wa-Pe-Ke- Way Chapter of the National Society Daugh-ters of the American Revolution, Brownsburg Chamber of Commerce, Scrapbasket Quilt Guild of Brownsburg, K–Kids Club of Danville South Elementary School, Greater Danville Chamber of Commerce and Animalia, Inc. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring con-tribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Hendricks Coun-ty for the contribution of its residents to the past, present and future of Indiana’s history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26SE8.002 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1357 September 26, 2016 
HONORING SERGEANT PATRICIA ORISINI 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sergeant Patricia A. Orisini for her life of service to our country and her strong lead-ership of the Wounded Warrior Program. As the Program’s first director, Sergeant Orisini took a new idea and transformed it into a life- changing opportunity for our nation’s veterans. Sergeant Orisini joined the United States Marine Corps in 1975. After 24 years of active duty and a combined three decades of serv-ice, she obtained the highest grade of an en-listed Marine—the rank of Master Gunnery Sergeant. She has represented our men and women in uniform through her work with the Department of Veterans Affairs and with the American Legion. Re-called to active duty dur-ing Operation Iraqi Freedom, she built and managed a ‘‘medical hold’’ program designed to assist injured reservists. Sergeant Orisini’s experience culminated with her outstanding guidance of the Wounded Warrior Program. After joining the Program only eight years ago, she retires having helped 182 wounded and disabled veterans become Wounded Warrior Fellows, over 100 of who have either returned to college or be-come full time employees with a Congres-sional office and other government agencies. Sergeant Orisini, who earned her bachelor’s degree by studying in the evenings while on active duty, holds affiliations with the Foreign Joint Services NCO Association, Disabled American Veterans, Women Marines Associa-tion, Marine Corps League and the National Italian American Foundation. Through her hard work and visionary leadership, she is a model American and public servant. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing this special occasion as we celebrate the life and career of Sergeant Patricia A. Orisini and her faithful service to our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BLACK POETRY DAY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Black Poetry Day which is celebrated on October 17th. Jupiter Hammon, a slave and poet who was born in my home state of New York on this day in 1711, was the first African American writer whose work was published in the United States. First recognized in 1985, we celebrate Black Poetry Day to honor past and present poets such as Langston Hughes, Phillis Wheatley, Frank X. Walker and Maya Angelou. The works of these and many more authors pro-vide our students insight into both poetry and United States history. While not officially recognized as a holiday, SUNY Plattsburgh recognizes Black Poetry Day each year with a ceremony and a guest speaker. This event gives credence to the hard work and dedication of African Americans who have overcome adversity to express themselves through poetry. Thank you to SUNY Plattsburgh for your commitment to honoring this day by hosting events in celebration year after year. I want to wish you great success at this year’s event. f 
TAIWAN NATIONAL DAY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, October 10 is Taiwan’s national day—also known as Dou-ble Ten Day. The United States and Taiwan have a strong relationship. Taiwan is a good friend and ally. I congratulate Taiwan on its national day. We also need to be standing by Taiwan and supporting its efforts to be a responsible mem-ber of the international community. The Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization or ‘‘ICAO’’ is a UN agency to ensure the safety of planes that fly around the world. But even though it is less than a week away, there has been no indication that Taiwan will be able to partici-pate in ICAO’s 39th Triennial Assembly on September 27. Three years ago, Taiwan was invited by the then-ICAO Council President to attend as a guest, but that invitation was no guarantee that Taiwan could keep attending. Congress passed a law three years ago en-couraging ICAO to give Taiwan observer sta-tus. Giving Taiwan such status would con-tribute to the success of ICAO’s mission to ad-dress aviation security threats through effec-tive international cooperation. As our 9th-largest trading partner in 2015, Taiwan’s participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership is a no-brainer. It would boost our trade relationship with Taiwan and would make the overall impact of TPP even better for Americans. To provide greater protection for investors in both countries, we should also work on completing a Bilateral Investment Agreement with Taiwan. In all, trade is an im-portant part of our relationship with Taiwan and I hope my colleagues will join me in advo-cating for these steps. Again, I wish the people of Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TAIWAN ON THEIR 105TH NATIONAL DAY 
HON. JOE BARTON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the people of Taiwan on their 105th National Day, which is October 10th, and take a moment to emphasize the signifi-cance of the U.S.-Taiwan relationship to both of our nations. Taiwan is a faithful friend of the United States and an important strategic partner, pro-moting peace and stability in the region through our shared values of democracy and respect for human rights. Our economic ties continue to expand to our mutual benefit. On this National Day, I also want to high-light the importance of the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979, which serves as the basis for our relationship. I am proud to say that the United States continues to build relations with Tai-wan. I am honored to travel to Taiwan on this joy-ous occasion and congratulate our ally. I look forward to the continuation of friendship and cooperation between the governments and citizens of the United States and Taiwan. f 
HONORING ART IBLETO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Art Ibleto’s lifetime of achievements and generous service to our community upon his 90th birthday. Mr. Ibleto was born in the town of Sesta Godano in Northern Italy on October 2, 1926. As a young man, he fought with resistance groups against Fascism and Nazi Germany. After valiantly serving his home country, Mr. Ibleto immigrated to the United States and de-cided to settle in Sonoma County in 1949 call-ing it ‘‘one of the most beautiful places on earth.’’ He began working in Sonoma’s fields as a vegetable picker, mechanic and truck driver, and soon fell in love with Vicki Ghiradelli whom he married in 1951. The cou-ple soon began to live their own American Dream and bought their first home together in 1961. They developed their own farm soon thereafter to raise hogs, cattle, and potatoes. They later added a Christmas tree farm, a vineyard and real estate on their property. Mr. Ibleto founded the Spaghetti Palace at the Sonoma County Fair as a United Lodges, Sons of Italy project in 1974. What began as a project soon became an institutional land-mark. The success of his Spaghetti Palace in-spired Mr. Ibleto to pursue a career of sup-plying locals with his own line of Italian cuisine and catering inspired by traditional Italian methods. Today, Art’s booming business is well known throughout California and local residents affectionately refer to him as the ‘‘Pasta King.’’ Art is a cook, grape grower, winemaker and a constant source of pride for our community in Sonoma County. In the last few years, Mr. Ibleto’s charity pasta feeds have raised over $500,000 to support a wide range of causes from local animal shelters to survivors of a ter-rible Highway 101 accident. Mr. Speaker, Art Ibleto has not only led a successful career in agriculture, but he has become a culinary and community leader of legendary proportions. He is a true friend of our community and a good friend of mine. Mr. Ibleto’s work and philanthropy have left an in-delible mark on Sonoma County and Cali-fornia, and it is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, September 22, 2016, I was absent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26SE8.011 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1358 September 26, 2016 
due to personal reasons and missed votes. Had I been present, I would have voted as fol-lows: Roll Call Number 553 on agreeing to Amendment No. 5 offered by Rep. E
NGEL — Nay. Roll Call Number 554 passage of H.R. 5719—Aye. Roll Call Number 555 passage of H.R. 5037—Aye. Roll Call Number 556 passage of H.R. 5798—Aye. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PUTNAM COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Putnam County, Indiana, as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Thursday, Sep-tember 22, 2016. The county sits on the southwestern edge of Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was named in honor of Israel Putnam, a hero in the French and Indian War and a general dur-ing the American Revolutionary War. The county was formed on April 1, 1822 from Owen and Vigo Counties and parts of the Wa-bash New Purchase. The county seat is lo-cated in Greencastle, home of DePauw Uni-versity. The county is famous for the many surviving covered bridges that remain from a bygone era. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana’s past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are generally, culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organizations responsible for the ten Legacy Projects throughout the county are: the Herit-age Preservation Society of Putnam County, the Town of Bainbridge, DNR Nature Pre-serves, DNR Division of Fish and Wildlife, DePauw University, the Putnam County Bicen-tennial Celebrations Planning Group, and Na-tional Road Heritage Trail, Inc. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Putnam County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present and future of Indiana’s history. 
f 
A CAREER SPENT CLOSING THE ACHIEVEMENT GAP 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Stephanie Heilig of Duluth, Min-nesota for her 41 years of service within the Duluth School District going above and be-yond to create a positive learning environment for all students. I want to wish Stephanie the best as she celebrates her much deserved re-tirement. While Principal of Myers-Wilkins Elemen-tary, where a majority of students come from households with incomes below the poverty line, Principal Heilig worked tirelessly to en-gage families and give students the resources they need to learn. As students, teachers, ad-ministrators, and principals begin a new school year, one of the biggest issues facing schools is an achievement gap between stu-dents from different demographic groups. However, at Myers-Wilkins Elementary Prin-cipal Heilig’s efforts created an environment where all students, regardless of their back-ground, had an equal opportunity to learn. She was very passionate about fostering a collaboration between the school and the com-munity it serves by setting up after-school pro-grams such as ‘‘family nights.’’ During school she would use every available opportunity to give books to students while encouraging them to read. Additionally, she made a point to spend time in the halls of Myers-Wilkins talking to students to learn about their lives outside of school, their struggles and their achievements. Thank you Stephanie for your 41 years of dedicated service and for going above and be-yond what was required to give all students the best possible environment to learn. Please join me in wishing Stephanie Heilig the abso-lute best in her retirement. f 
CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL OF THE SYLVANIA SISTERS OF ST. FRANCIS 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a momentous occasion in the life of the Sylvania congregation of the Sisters of St. Francis. The Sylvania Sisters of St. Francis are celebrating their centennial year in 2016 and Saturday September 24, 2016, the Sisters and our community came together in a cen-tennial celebration honoring the Franciscans’ 100 years of service in our community. It was Bishop Joseph Schrembs of the To-ledo Catholic Diocese who initially requested religious sisters to teach the children of Polish immigrants in Toledo’s Catholic Schools. On December 8, 1916, the Sylvania Franciscans were founded as a province of the Sisters of St. Francis in Rochester, Minnesota. The Sis-ters were stationed at St. Hedwig School in the North End of Toledo and a hub of Polish life in the city. After 89 acres of land was pur-chased in 1917 through the Rochester com-munity, the Sisters were formally established in Sylvania, Ohio and were known as the Franciscan Sisters of the Immaculate Concep-tion and were led by Mother Adelaide. In the century that followed, the Sylvania Franciscans branched out from their original call to teach the city’s Polish immigrant chil-dren to sharing the Franciscan presence in ministries spanning health care, housing, human services and pastoral care in addition to education. The Sisters’ work is carried forth in eight states and the country of Haiti with 150 Sisters serving our human family. The Sisters’ ministries are founded on the ‘‘core values of reverence, service, community, stewardship.’’ The Franciscan Sisters are called ‘‘like Francis of Assisi to live the Gospel in joyful servanthood among all people. The Sisters of St. Francis of Sylvania, Ohio, as messengers of peace, commit themselves to works that reverence human dignity, embrace the poor and marginalized, and respect the gift of all creation.’’ Living Christ’s message de-scribed in Matthew 25:40 ‘‘whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sis-ters of mine, you did for me.’’ The Sylvania Sisters of St. Francis come to their centennial year as an integral part of our community. Their imprimatur is seen everywhere, from the beautiful elegiac campus in Sylvania, to the schools, caring services and hospitals in which they minister, and the Sylvania Franciscan Vil-lage which was established to integrate the Sisters’ ministries. In addition to traditional ministries, the Syl-vania Sisters of St. Francis are leading efforts toward peace and justice and restoring nature. The Sisters note, ‘‘We believe that nature, the arts and culture, and the goodness around us nurture our souls and make us sensitive to Mother Earth and her peoples.’’ It is that con-nection that truly defines the Sisters of St. Francis. A walk on the grounds of the Sisters of St. Francis is to behold the beauty of nature in all of its glory, to hear the silence and to feel God’s presence everywhere. From the barracks and strawberry patch Mother Adelaide and the 22 pioneering Sisters first established, the grounds of the Sisters of St. Francis now feature many buildings in which the Sisters live and work, shrines, grot-tos, a prayer garden, the Portiuncula Chapel and adjacent Lourdes University. Its mission- style buildings showcase stunning mosaics and works of arts crafted by the Sisters them-selves. It is truly an oasis of peace and tran-quility. St. Francis of Assisi said, ‘‘Preach the Gos-pel at all times and when necessary use words.’’ Throughout their one hundred year history the Sylvania Sisters of St. Francis have lived this truth. Their presence and their good works demonstrate Christ’s path and God’s deep love. As the Sisters go forth toward their next centennial, let us be mindful of the his-tory, but with a vision for the future. Our com-munity gratefully and enthusiastically joins with them to celebrate the life of this vital and cher-ished congregation that is the Sylvania Sisters of St. Francis. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 542, had I been present, I would have voted NO. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE STILLWATER AREA COMMUNITY CENTER 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 25th Anniversary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26SE8.004 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1359 September 26, 2016 
the Stillwater Area Community Center in Still-water, New York. The Community Center’s mission is to improve the quality of life in the Stillwater community. The Community Center offers programs and activities for children and adults of all ages, which include recreational and physical activi-ties in their popular and well-used gym. Through their before and after school pro-grams, summer swim lessons and transpor-tation options, the Center provides a safe place for all to gather, even during disasters, when it serves as an emergency shelter. The Center is also utilized as a location for public forums, enabling Stillwater residents to be ac-tive and informed citizens. To celebrate their years of service to the community, the Center’s 25th Anniversary Open House will be an opportunity for Still-water residents to participate in a wide range of activities. Since the Center is home to the village and town historians, residents will have the opportunity to learn about the history of Stillwater and the growth of the Community Center over the past 25 years. Congratulations to the Stillwater Area Com-munity Center as it celebrates its 25th anniver-sary. I want to wish the Center and the Village of Stillwater continued success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TECHNICAL SER-GEANT BONNY WILLIAMS, USAF, RETIRED 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Technical Sergeant Bonny Emanuel Williams, USAF, Retired. Bonny Williams began his military service in 1955 in the United States Air Force as a Lo-gistics Plan Clerk. During his time in the Air Force, Mr. Williams served all over the world on various military assignments. In 1975, after twenty years of exemplary service to our na-tion, Mr. Williams retired from the Air Force. After his retirement, Mr. Williams attended City University of Seattle and earned a Bach-elor of Science in business management under the Post Vietnam Era Veterans Edu-cational Assistance Program. Mr. Williams was also active in his community and worked tire-lessly to serve the veteran’s community. He was involved with the American Legion and was a member of the Veterans of Foreign War (VFW) Post for 44 years. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I recognize the life of Technical Sergeant Bonny Emanuel Williams, USAF, Retired and his service to his country and community. His ac-complishments and contributions will never be forgotten, and he will be greatly missed. 
f 
COMMEMORATING SADDLEBACK COLLEGE ON ITS SCIENCES BUILDING 
HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of myself and Representa-tive DARRELL ISSA, I congratulate Saddleback College on its new Sciences Building, a 52,897 square foot state-of-the-art facility de-signed to encourage research and innovation. Under the leadership of Dr. Tod A. Burnett, 23 full-time faculty, 41 part-time faculty, and 11 staff members will support Saddleback’s science programs, which include a record en-rollment of more than 3,000 students this year. The building’s lobby features an Albert Ein-stein quote: ‘‘We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used to create them.’’ This exemplifies the innovative ap-proach to learning the building will facilitate. A well-educated, well-trained workforce is essential to keeping the United States com-petitive on a global stage. Saddleback Col-lege’s new facility will serve Californians well as the need for employees educated in the STEM fields continues to grow. We congratulate Saddleback College on its new Sciences Building, and we look forward to seeing its students’ contributions to the com-munity. 
f 
HONORING BETHEL ASSOCIATION OF UNITED BAPTIST CHURCHES OF JESUS CHRIST CELEBRATING ITS 200TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Bethel Association of United Baptist Churches of Jesus Christ cele-brating its 200th anniversary. A group of settlers to the Missouri Territory organized the first Baptist Church west of the Mississippi on July 19, 1806 near what is now Jackson, Missouri. Ten years later, six church-es came together to form the Bethel Associa-tion. In 1834, at Pendleton Church in St. Fran-cois County, the Bethel Association accepted the term ‘‘United Baptist.’’ The organization has continued to meet every year since its founding—except during the four years of the Civil War. The Bethel Association has estab-lished 87 churches throughout Missouri, Illi-nois, and Arkansas and there have been 250 ordained ministers in the organization to date. The Bethel Association today is made up of 11 churches and approximately 850 members in the Missouri counties of St. Francois, Madi-son, Ste. Genevieve, Wayne, Crawford and Iron. For 200 years of spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ, it is my privilege to recognize the Bethel Association of United Baptist Churches today before the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
f 
OVERLOOKING AL–QAEDA 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, back in 2012, the President told the American people that al-Qaeda was ‘‘decimated.’’ Two years later, the President touted U.S. success in ‘‘taking out terrorists who threaten us’’ in places like Somalia and Yemen, both coun-tries with strong and active al-Qaeda branches. Look at those countries now: Soma-lia’s al-Shabaab continues its terror campaign against Somali and AMISOM troops, and Yemen’s rebel conflict has breathed new life into al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). The problem with this Administration’s as-sertions of success is that they fundamentally misunderstood al-Qaeda’s strategy in light of the loud-mouthed tactics of its terrorist spinoff, ISIS. The two terrorist organizations seek the same end goal: the establishment of an Is-lamic state where only their strict interpretation of Islamic law is tolerated. However, ISIS and al-Qaeda disagree on the means to reach that end. Al-Qaeda’s leaders and ideologues, in-cluding Osama bin Laden, have always advo-cated playing the long game: embedding itself in local populations, building relationships, and even allying with enemies and rivals in order to achieve their goals. Winning over the hearts and minds of local Muslim populations has al-ways been the priority for al-Qaeda. ISIS, on the other hand, believes that the establish-ment of the caliphate is the supreme priority, judging that force—instead of persuasion—can garner the loyalty of local communities. While ISIS was busy conquering vast swaths of land in Syria and Iraq, al-Qaeda was not simply sitting back and watching de-jectedly. It was entrenching itself throughout the Middle East, in Yemen, Syria, Libya and Tunisia. Al-Qaeda leaders, while fundamen-tally disagreeing with ISIS’ establishment of a caliphate on Islamic legal grounds, also criti-cized what they saw as ISIS overstretching its resources. They were busy readying the grounds for ISIS’ inevitable collapse and al- Qaeda’s return to the spotlight. Unfortunately, the Administration misunderstands this. While focusing all of our attention on ISIS, we have overlooked al-Qaeda and dismissed it as de-feated. This is exactly what al-Qaeda wants: the breathing room to grow stronger along with the optics of appearing more moderate to its extremist Muslim base than ISIS. Once ISIS loses all its territory in Iraq and Syria, as well as its fast shrinking base in Libya, it will be left with nothing but a band of sympa-thizers and a radical ideology. Al-Qaeda how-ever will have developed deep ties to local communities throughout the region, strength-ened its operational capabilities, and emerge more dangerous than ever. Success against ISIS should only be judged in the context of the global war on terror. Par-tial success in one battlefield and total failure in another will not be enough to ensure the security of our homeland. We must go after al- Qaeda now more than ever before it is too late. And that’s just the way it is. f 
TRIBUTE TO MORGAN COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Morgan County, Indiana, as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Friday, Sep-tember 23, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26SE8.013 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1360 September 26, 2016 
The county sits on the southern part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was es-tablished in 1822 and named for General Dan-iel Morgan, who defeated the British at the Battle of Cowpens in the Revolutionary War. The county seat is located in Martinsville, fa-mous in the late nineteenth and early twen-tieth centuries for the mineral springs located in the region. Early settlers came predomi-nantly from southern states, including southern Quakers who settled near Mooresville be-cause of their opposition to slavery. The coun-ty is famous for being the birthplace of the In-diana State Flag. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana’s past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are generally, culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organizations responsible for the thirteen Leg-acy Projects throughout the county are: Mor-gan County Bicentennial Celebration Com-mittee, Morgan County Economic Develop-ment Corporation, Mooresville Redevelopment Commission, MSD of Martinsville, Hoosier Hikers Council, Kappa Kappa Kappa, Inc. Delta Iota Chapter, Art Sanctuary of Indiana, Mooresville Public Library, Morgan County Parks and Recreation, Morgan County Soil & Water Conservation District, Delta Theta Tau, Lambda Nu Mooresville Chapter, and the Mor-gan County Fall Foliage Festival. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Morgan County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present and future of Indiana’s history. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for roll call votes on Thursday, September 22, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call votes 542, 543, 544 and 554. I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 545, 546, 547, 548, 549, 550, 551, 552, 553, 555 and 556. 
f 
CHINESE PROLIFERATION THREAT 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as China’s economic might has grown over the past 30 years, so too has its military prowess. And while many are concerned about China’s ag-gressive behavior in the South China Sea, we must not forget about the threat they pose to nuclear security. Since 1987 China has increased its military expenditures fivefold. Their military muscle in-cludes upwards of 260 nuclear warheads and roughly 60 nuclear-capable intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), not to mention an upgraded ballistic missile delivery system. China may have joined the IAEA and be party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, but actions speak louder than words and China has a his-tory of supplying nuclear technology to coun-tries of proliferation concern. We know that in the past China handed over design instructions, including information on warhead design, and fissile material to as-sist the Pakistanis in the development of their nuclear weapons. Even more recently it was discovered that Pakistan has a new 2,750km range Shaheen III nuclear ballistic missile that was carried on a 16-wheel transporter erector launcher or TEL for short. Pakistan’s Shaheen III TEL is uncannily similar to the ones created by the China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation and a Chinese provided TEL to North Korea’s new KN–08 ICBM. If Pakistan’s new TEL was acquired from China this dem-onstrates a highly concerning level of coopera-tion between the two governments that could directly threaten U.S. national security. Paki-stan alone is a dangerous bedfellow, but if China has thrown its weight behind the gov-ernment in Islamabad we need to remain on high alert for exchanges of sensitive nuclear information. To compound this threat to nuclear non-proliferation, China’s most infamous client and partner in Communism is its neighbor to the east, North Korea. Pyongyang is estimated to have enough plutonium for a dozen nuclear weapons, and it is thought to be continuously producing highly enriched uranium. North Korea has conducted four nuclear tests and numerous test-fires of ballistic missiles, includ-ing intercontinental and submarine-launched missiles. The missile launchers used in these tests were made directly from Chinese de-signs. In the aftermath of North Korea’s belligerent actions, China never fails to articulate its ‘‘dis-appointment’’ in its neighbor. But this connec-tion between North Korea’s nuclear missile ca-pability and the Chinese government shows that what China says publically is fundamen-tally at odds with its real goals. China never backs up this ‘‘disappointment’’ with real ac-tion knowing full well that China is the only country that wields any sort of influence over the DPRK. China refuses to stringently en-force sanctions aimed at curbing North Ko-rea’s nuclear program and since China ac-counts for 70 percent of North Korea’s trade volume, these sanctions have little impact without Beijing’s enforcement. When it comes down to it, the Chinese government is essen-tially allowing a dangerous nuclear state to conduct tests unchecked. China’s danger to the nuclear nonprolifera-tion regime cannot go unnoticed. Given Chi-na’s emerging military power, we must be even more wary of China’s actions in the nu-clear field. For the sake of our national secu-rity we cannot afford to have the state-run communist country pull the wool over our eyes. And that’s just the way it is. CONGRATULATING FELIX’S FA-MOUS COOKIES ON ITS GRAND OPENING OF THE NEW MUNDELEIN MANUFACTURING FACILITY HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Felix and Laura Castillo on their grand opening of Felix’s Famous Cookies manufacturing facility in Mundelein. As a small business owner myself, I understand the need to always grow and find ways to expand. Laura and Felix did just that. This family-owned company was founded by six year old Felix Castillo, who shared his mother’s passion for baking. It was not until the passing of Grandmother Toni that Felix and Laura were inspired to turn their passion and inspiration into a business. Felix’s Famous Cookies goes beyond main-taining a brand and generating profit. Laura and Felix follow an important family tradition by giving proceeds back to non-profit organi-zations and to the less fortunate in our local community. Mr. Speaker, I am incredibly proud to rep-resent Laura and Felix Castillo in the United States Congress. I look forward to working with them as they continue to succeed in their business endeavors and positively impact our community. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF HOUSE CON-CURRENT RESOLUTION EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS THAT THE PARTHENON MARBLES SHOULD BE RE-TURNED TO GREECE 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce a Concurrent Resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the Parthenon Marbles, currently held in the British Museum, should be returned to Greece. Approximately 200 years ago, while Greece was under Ottoman rule, the British nobleman Thomas Bruce, seventh Earl of Elgin removed over 100 pieces of sculptures known as the Parthenon Marbles and trans-ported them to the United Kingdom. The Mar-bles were part of a frieze that adorned the Temple of Athena. In 1816, the British Par-liament voted to purchase the Marbles from Lord Elgin and they now reside in the British Museum. The other half of the Marbles that comprise the frieze are in the New Acropolis Museum in Athens alongside plaster replicas of the Marbles that were taken. Despite years of efforts by the Greek Government to retain the Marbles, it has been unable to negotiate an agreement with its British counterparts to return the Marbles to Greece. I am pleased that Members of the British Parliament have recently introduced legislation to transfer ownership of the Marbles back to Greece and return these cherished artifacts to their rightful home. The Parthenon marbles 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26SE8.010 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1361 September 26, 2016 
are some of Greece’s greatest examples of ar-tistic expression and beauty, and should be on display in their country of origin. They are vital pieces of Greek history that belong to the Greek people. This resolution calls upon the two countries to come to an agreement to fi-nally return these treasures to their rightful home. I want to thank Rep. G
USBILIRAKIS , with whom I co-chair the Congressional Caucus on Hellenic Issues, and Rep. D
ONALD PAYNE , Jr. for joining me as co-sponsors on this impor-tant resolution. Rep. P
AYNE ’s father and our former colleague, the late Rep. Donald Payne Sr., was a great champion in this effort to re-turn the Parthenon Marbles to Greece. I am proud to continue to call for an agreement that will put an end to this centuries-old dispute, and urge my colleagues to support this resolu-tion. 
f 
HONORING DR. ROBERT H. SMILEY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Dr. Robert Smiley, who for the last 25 years has con-ducted a Wine Industry Financial Survey and presented his findings at the Wine Industry Fi-nancial Symposium. Dr. Smiley began his academic career at the University of California, Los Angeles where he earned his Bachelor of Science in 1966 and his Master of Science in 1969. He went on to Stanford University to complete his Doctor of Philosophy in Economics in 1973, and then joined Cornell University’s Johnson Graduate School of Management as a Pro-fessor of Economics and Policy. Dr. Smiley returned to California to become Dean of the Graduate School of Management at the University of California, Davis in 1989. After serving for 20 years, he became the Di-rector of the Wine Industry Program and Dean and Professor of Management Emeritus. In addition to teaching, Dr. Smiley has contrib-uted to the economics field with research cov-ering market competition, industry regulation and organization, and the wine industry. Dr. Smiley enthusiastically volunteered to present research and strategic analysis at the annual Wine Industry Financial Symposium in 1992. For the past 25 years, he has con-ducted a survey of wine community leaders to assess the industry financial and economic status, and his speeches have become a cor-nerstone of the Symposium. Dr. Smiley has become a true ‘‘guru’’ on wine economics and generously shares his knowledge and enthu-siasm for our wine community’s future. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Smiley has dedicated his time and expertise to improving our wine com-munity’s potential through research and edu-cation for 25 years. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. RECOGNIZING DR. CLAYTON LAWRENCE HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Clayton Lawrence for his philan-thropic leadership throughout Washington D.C. and across our nation. After receiving a United States Army schol-arship to attend the University of Michigan Medical School in Ann Arbor in 1991, Dr. Law-rence began a medical career that has led him to being recognized as a leader in the Dis-trict’s medical community. Dr. Lawrence has worked in the Pentagon Clinic as a flight sur-geon and is a distinguished veteran with inter-national work experience, including successful deployments to the Middle East, Central America, Europe, and Asia, providing direct medical support for a variety of U.S. peace-keeping operations abroad. In all, Dr. Law-rence has accumulated more than 20 years of experience in surgery, family, and emergency medicine. In 2009, Dr. Lawrence established LEAP Foundation DC with a guiding mission to pro-vide underserved citizens in the greater Wash-ington D.C. area with health and wellness educational opportunities and programs. Driv-en further by a sense of urgency to help men-tor and build the next generation of leaders, the foundation has been engaged in providing financial support, scholarships, and fellowships for high-achieving students from low socio-economic backgrounds to pursue post-sec-ondary education. LEAP Foundation DC has also participated in many activities with our office, including the Congressional Art Competition, Senior Legisla-tive Day and Covenant House’s annual Christ-mas Party on the Hill for Disadvantaged Youth. Since its inception, LEAP Foundation DC has contributed approximately a quarter of a million dollars to philanthropic work. In the last three years alone, LEAP Foundation DC employees have donated more than 6,000 vol-unteer hours and more than $75,000 in dona-tions and scholarships to individuals and char-ities around the nation. In 2014, LEAP Foun-dation DC was awarded its first prestigious award, the Non-Profit award by the Greater Washington Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. Furthermore, since 2011, in his passion for endurance sports, Dr. Lawrence, on behalf of LEAP Foundation DC, has participated in over 80 marathons and run more than 10,000 miles to bring awareness to the following organiza-tions: American Cancer Society, St. Jude Foundation, American Red Cross, Crohn’s and Colitis Foundation, Inheritance of Hope Foun-dation, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Sem-per Fi Fund, Demand Cures and Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. Dr. Clayton Lawrence, through his leader-ship as CEO of Lawrence Executive Alliance of Professionals (LEAP), LLC, has also been recognized as an outstanding community lead-er as the DC Chamber of Commerce’s 2015 recipient of the Small Business Person of the Year Award. Since its inception in 2007, LEAP, LLC, has helped create jobs, impacting the national economy and representing job growth in 11 different states. Dr. Lawrence was also recognized as the 2014 Washington Business Journal’s Minority Business Leader Award Winner and the 2015 Valedictorian of the Small Business Administration’s Emerging Leaders Initiative. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Dr. Lawrence, who has made an indelible impact on the lives of D.C. citizens through his charitable, civic, and guiding serv-ant leadership. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JANE ORANS 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Jane Orans, who is being honored by Planned Parenthood Hudson Peconic for her work on behalf of women and children throughout Westchester County, New York, and the Hudson River Valley. Jane has dedicated herself to advocating on behalf of women’s health so that every woman has the right to determine her own healthy timing and spacing of pregnancy. It is for this reason that she has been so involved in Planned Parenthood Hudson Peconic. Her tireless work with the organization has helped empower women, men and young people to determine their own reproductive rights and fu-tures. In addition to her work with Planned Parent-hood Hudson Peconic, Jane has spent much of her life educating children. She was a nurs-ery school teacher and for fourteen years was a member of the Mamaroneck, New York School Board. In this capacity, she has worked hard to ensure children have the nec-essary support to become healthy, successful adults. Mr. Speaker, Jane’s tireless advocacy on behalf of women’s health is an inspiration to us all, and I urge my colleagues to join me in applauding her work and her recognition by Planned Parenthood Hudson Peconic. 
f 
THE FOUNDER OF THE ‘‘LUNG CANCER MOVEMENT’’ 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sheila Ross, a two-time lung cancer survivor who has devoted her entire career to public service and advancing better outcomes for those affected by lung cancer. I wish to pay special tribute to Sheila in light of her pending retirement at the end of the 114th Congress from the Lung Cancer Alli-ance, a non-profit guided by Sheila’s unstoppable and indefatigable force to support anyone diagnosed with lung cancer. The orga-nization provides patients with information and guidance and advocates for advanced life-sav-ing research for the lung cancer community. It has been said that Sheila is the founder of the ‘‘lung cancer movement,’’ the first advo-cate ever to elevate her voice and walk the halls of Congress to bring attention to a public health imperative and to demand a more co-ordinated and compassionate response to the leading cause of cancer death. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26SE8.013 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1362 September 26, 2016 
After her initial cancer diagnosis in 1999 and then again in 2000, Sheila quickly grasped that public health policy must be linked to science. With the sheer force of will and survivorship, Sheila set in motion actions that history will look back upon as seminal moments in the battle to end lung cancer as we know it. Sheila’s strategic expertise developed from 20 years of legislative and management expe-rience on Capitol Hill as a Chief of Staff in both House and the Senate offices for Demo-crats and Republicans. After her career in Congress she spear-headed the creation of Lung Cancer Alliance, which today stands as the highest-rated and only national non-profit organization devoted entirely to supporting the lung cancer commu-nity and elevating awareness, changing health policy and advancing research. The group has been an invaluable partner ever since my colleagues F
RANK LOBIONDO , L
OISCAPPS and I created the first-ever Lung Cancer Caucus. While at the Alliance, Sheila can be credited with organizing the first-ever bipartisan and bicameral resolutions focusing on lung cancer, as well as the original Lung Cancer Mortality Reduction Act, requiring the National Cancer Institute (NCI) to give in-creased focus and funding to lung cancer early detection and research. Additionally, Sheila worked to establish the first and only dedicated lung cancer research pipeline within the Department of Defense Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program, she urged the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to swiftly implement a national screening program, expanded access to low dose CT scanning which detects lung cancer early on, and monitored NCI’s National Lung Screening Trial which concluded ahead of schedule when the trial’s goal was achieved earlier than expected. She also worked to se-cure Medicare coverage for CT screening for seniors and the disabled and established the only patient-powered CT scan donation pro-gram, Give A Scan, that allows those im-pacted to contribute directly to research. Sheila’s contributions to better the lives of those living with and at risk for lung cancer will forever be remembered. When the defeat of lung cancer finally enters the annals of his-tory—and it will—Sheila Ross’s fearless advo-cacy will be included in the early pages of that historical document. I want to thank Sheila Ross and wish her all the best in a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on September 22, 2016, I was not present for roll call vote 545. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: Aye on roll call vote 545. RECOGNIZING BILL AND PAULA CLAPP, RECIPIENTS OF THE GLOBAL LEADERS AWARD HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Bill and Paula Clapp as they are honored with the Inspiring Global Leaders Award from the Washington Office of Latin America (WOLA). This award is given in recognition of their years of indispensable leadership on global development and philan-thropy for the past quarter century. Bill Clapp, an accomplished Seattle businessperson with more than thirty years of experience running a variety of companies in the Pacific Northwest, Alaska, and Hawaii, de-cided in the 1990s that he wanted to do more to make an impact globally. This decision re-sulted in the foundation of a series of impactful organizations that Bill and Paula Clapp had a hand in creating. Bill has served as President and Co-Founder of the Seattle International Foundation, a preeminent non- government organization (NGO) focused on poverty reduction and women’s empowerment in Central America. Bill and Paula Clapp co-founded another NGO, Global Partnerships, in 1994 after wit-nessing the need for targeted and sustainable investments in Central America. Since 2001, Global Partnerships has impacted 3.3 million lives in thirteen countries in Latin America and the Caribbean through its unique social enter-prise model. In 2015 alone, the organization invested $35.7 million to deliver economic op-portunities to over 600,000 individuals. Global Partnerships continues to be the largest micro-financing organization for Latin America in Se-attle. Bill and Paula also helped to create Global Washington in 2008, a consortium of NGOs that promotes and supports its members who are working to reduce poverty and disease, in-crease access to health care and education, protect the environment, and strengthen economies. Global Washington is the only or-ganization in Washington state that builds net-works between private companies and non-profits working in global development, leading to partnerships that result in innovative, impactful projects around the world. Following Bill Clapp’s retirement from Mat-thew G. Norton Co. in 2002, he co-founded the Initiative for Global Development. In addi-tion to serving on the boards of Weyerhaeuser and Alaska Airlines, he has also served on several community and nonprofit boards, and has been actively involved as an early investor in micro-finance development. Bill has also served on many industry panels and advisory committees, speaking widely on development issues around the world and in Congress. Paula Clapp has been an active leader throughout the years, as well. She played a central role in the creation of an acclaimed documentary film ‘‘SOLD’’ which raised aware-ness about sex trafficking. She and a group of Seattle women co-founded Stolen-Youth, a non-profit organization that raises awareness and funds to help rescue and recover local youth who are forced into prostitution. Paula was also a founding member of the Wash-ington Women’s Foundation and has served on the boards of the Make A Wish Founda-tion, One World Now, and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. In 2014, Paula received the Unsung Heroes of Compassion award from His Holiness the Dalai Lama. Throughout the past twenty-four years, Bill and Paula Clapp have remained steadfast in their belief that international development serves our national interests and improves all aspects of our society. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I recognize and congratu-late Bill and Paula Clapp for their contributions and leadership in the global development sec-tor, and the impact they have made in the lives of countless individuals and families around the world for over twenty-four years. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HELEN AND CARL BRANDENBURG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Helen and Carl Brandenburg of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wed-ding anniversary. They celebrated their anni-versary—and Carl’s 80th birthday—on August 26, 2016. Helen and Carl’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children and grand-children truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they con-tinue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ATLANTA VOICE 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the renowned, award-winning Atlanta Voice newspaper. Founded in 1966 by J. Lowell Ware and Ed Clayton, the Atlanta Voice has provided an enduring channel for news in At-lanta’s African-American community. The Atlanta Voice’s Founder and Publisher J. Lowell Ware was a native Georgian who developed an interest in journalism in high school when he took a part-time job at the Bir-mingham Alabama Mirror. He later earned a B.A. in printing and journalism from Alabama A&M University and completed a tour with the U.S. Army before returning back to Atlanta to launch a weekly newspaper with journalist Ed Clayton. Ware and Clayton started the Atlanta Voice to provide fair and credible coverage of the Civil Rights Movement, which was heating up in the South with increasing student sit-ins and activities of the Southern Christian Leadership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26SE8.007 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1363 September 26, 2016 
Council. Under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, members of the press should enjoy protected rights to publish infor-mation and opinions without interference or re-prisal from the American government. The At-lanta Voice was founded at a time, however, when these rights were not universally shared. The newspaper’s African-American publishers faced threats to their lives and property simply for exercising their First Amendment rights to provide accurate coverage of the Movement. Ware recounted years later, ‘‘We got a lot of threats, but we didn’t stop publishing.’’ Living by their motto, ‘‘A People Without a Voice Cannot Be Heard,’’ the Atlanta Voice has endured and recorded 50 historic years of social, political and economic changes in the African-American community in Atlanta. And the Atlanta Voice continues to serve, with courage and integrity, as a beacon of journal-istic hope for the entire African-American com-munity, regardless of age, income or socio-economic status. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the Atlanta Voice on this momentous anniversary. I rise today to celebrate a newspaper that has been an informative news source for so many Georgians, and I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating the newspaper’s 50th anni-versary and continued service to the Greater Atlanta community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DOROTHY AND CHUCK BURNETT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Dorothy and Chuck Burnett of Atlantic, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 29, 1956 at Noble Center Church in Lyman, Iowa. Dorothy and Chuck’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Scott, Lynn, and Brian, five grandchildren, and three great- grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTH-DAY OF MR. LUTHER ALMER ‘‘JACK’’ BEARDEN 
HON. ERIC A. ‘‘RICK’’ CRAWFORD 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, today I rec-ognize the 100th birthday of Mr. Luther Almer ‘‘Jack’’ Bearden, who was born on September 8, 1916. The youngest child of Charles Luther and Addie Mae Wallace Bearden, Luther Almer became ‘‘Jack’’ as a young boy when he took water to the cotton fields as a ‘‘water jack.’’ The name has stuck with him for almost a century. Born in Boydsville, Arkansas, Jack grew up during the Great Depression chopping and picking cotton by hand. By the age of 16, Jack would surrender his life to Christ, changing the course of his life forever. Four years later, he met 16-year-old Martha Geneva Bateman, whom would become his wife of 75 years. Throughout the many years of their marriage, they would serve God in church, visiting the sick, Women’s Associations, and Men’s Broth-erhood events. In 1942, Jack gave his first sermon, ‘‘Ye Must Be Born Again’’ from John 3:7 at Boydsville Baptist Church. In his 73 years as a preacher, Jack started five mission churches and pastored 25 churches in North-east Arkansas and Missouri. To support his family while pastoring, Jack held a multitude of occupations throughout his life. He was a cistern digger, carpenter, cotton picker, cotton chopper, song leader, pianist, and temporarily ran a store. He is an inspira-tion to all those who have the opportunity to meet him. Jack and his late wife Geneva were blessed with three daughters, one of whom passed away at birth, and a son who passed on to heaven in 1998. They were also blessed with 10 grandchildren, 23 great-grandchildren, and 5 great-great grandchildren. I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to the lifetime of achievements of Mr. Bearden and to wish him all the very best. f 
TRIBUTE TO LORRAINE GALVANI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Lor-raine Galvani of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the celebration of her 100th birthday. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Lorraine’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Lorraine has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twenty-four Governors of Iowa. In her life-time, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Lor-raine in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Lorraine on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 125TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE SPRING-FIELD BOYS & GIRLS CLUB HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize the Boys & Girls Club of Springfield, Massachusetts as they celebrate their 125th anniversary. The Boys & Girls Clubs of America is an outstanding organization founded to provide after school programs to children, especially in areas most in need. The Springfield Boys & Girls Club opened its doors in 1891 with a mission to provide a safe environment and the resources for the children of Springfield. Their ultimate goal has always been to ensure that these children become respectful members of society. Springfield has changed a great deal since the Boys & Girls Club opened. Through all of the changes and challenges in the com-munity, the Boys & Girls Club has remained a place where kids can gain confidence and make friends where otherwise they couldn’t. Today, the Boys & Girls Club offers a wide va-riety of opportunities such as swim lessons, math-and-literacy tutoring, digital art lessons, and many more. They provide all of these services with the lowest membership rates in Massachusetts for after school programs. They have even started to have programs and events on Saturdays. Mr. Speaker, throughout my tenure as Springfield’s mayor and representing Spring-field in Congress for the past 28 years, I have seen firsthand what the Boys & Girls Club has accomplished for the community. With the continued support of its many benefactors as well as the support of the federal and state governments, I am sure that they will continue to contribute to children’s lives for generations to come. Congratulations to the Springfield Boys & Girls Club on reaching this momen-tous milestone and I wish them all the best with their future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEANNINE LILJEDAHL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Jeannine Liljedahl of Essex, Iowa, for being recognized as the Grand Marshal of the 2016 Essex Labor Day parade. Jeannine received this honor for her years of service to the Essex community. Jeannine has a long history of community involvement. She is a member of the Fremont Lutheran Church, Essex Community Club, Lied Public Library in Essex, Southview Vil-lage/Low Rent Housing Committee, Essex Study and Service Club, Greater Shenandoah Historical Society, P.E.O., Rotary Club, Book Club, Shenandoah Medical Center Founda-tion, and the Page County Magistrate Com-mission. In 1998, Jeannine helped create the Little Red Wagon Food Delivery Service in Essex. This program was designed to keep people in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26SE8.020 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1364 September 26, 2016 
their homes with a hot meal and to support Red’s Restaurant in Essex. Little Red Wagon provided nearly 2,000 meals in 2015 alone. Mr. Speaker, I commend Jeannine for the dedicated service she provides to the citizens of Essex and Page County, Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jeannine and wishing her nothing but contin-ued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF RICHARD ALLEN 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Allen. Dick dedicated his life to educating and em-powering California’s youth. Through his 41 years of service as a teacher, principal, and district administrator, Dick touched the lives of thousands of students through his leadership and deep affection for his students. As you may know, Dick spent the first dec-ade of his career in the classroom, followed by a transition to the administrative team where he rose from Vice Principal to Director of Ele-mentary Education and ultimately retired in 1997 as the Director of Continuing Education. After retiring, Dick was elected to the Board of Education to continue his dedication to pub-lic service. Included among his many accomplishments in service to the Bay Area are graduating 2,298 students, opening technology centers, expanding tutoring and mentoring services. He also helped implement a classroom for a lan-guage lab, fought to replace playground equip-ment, and began districtwide training in emer-gency preparation and crisis management. During his tenure, Walnut Acres Elementary was named a Federal No Child Left Behind Blue Ribbon School, the Board of Education received a California Council for Adult Edu-cation’s ‘‘Friend of Education’’ award, and im-proved test scores at almost all grade levels. In addition to his role in our schools, Dick was a District Delegate to the California School Board Association, a Chair-elect of the Concord Chamber of Commerce, a Court Ap-pointed Special Advocate on the Board of Di-rectors, and a foster child educational advo-cate. Dick’s long and decorated career is a testa-ment to his values and dedication to edu-cation. I am saddened to hear of his passing, but his legacy will live on in Contra Costa County. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO IDA MEHLMANN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ida Mehlmann of Griswold, Iowa, on the celebra-tion of her 100th birthday on September 4, 2016. Ida celebrates this special day with her twin brother, Ira Spieker, who lives in Michi-gan. Ida resides at the Griswold Care Center in Griswold, Iowa, and enjoys embroidering and working on puzzles. Ida tells her friends of her simple philosophy: she takes life day by day and tends to do whatever she wants to do. Ida and her late husband, LeRoy, were married on March 8, 1939 at the Atlantic Methodist Church parsonage. They had six children in-cluding twin daughters. Ida was born and raised on a farm, helped with the daily chores of farm life growing up, and later married a farmer. She said she has seen many changes throughout her life, but the biggest change was having access to electricity. Ida is also known for her baking skills and her famous sour cream raisin pie. Her talent in the kitchen has given her the reputation as one of the best pie makers in southwest Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I am honored and pleased to congratulate Ida Mehlmann on her 100th birth-day. I ask that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Ida on this incredible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 35TH AN-NIVERSARY OF ATHENA INTER-NATIONAL 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 35th anniversary of Athena International. Athena International strives to create balance in leadership worldwide by seeking to encourage, educate, and support our next generation of female leaders. Its roots trace back to Michigan where it began as a local program, and it has grown into a global movement, serving to inspire female leaders both domestically and throughout the globe. Founded in 1982 by Martha Mertz, Athena International began as a small non-profit orga-nization in Lansing, Michigan. Recognizing a need for stronger female leadership in her business community, Mertz launched the Athena Award program. This award would go to individuals who not only excelled at their professions, but who also gave back to their communities and helped motivate others in their communities to lead, particularly women. Additionally, the organization developed the Athena Leadership Model, a program seeking to best prepare women to be successful lead-ers. This model identifies eight distinct at-tributes for women in leadership: Authentic Self, Relationships, Giving Back, Collabora-tion, Courageous Acts, Learning, Fierce Advo-cacy, Celebration and Joy. These personal traits are intuitive for women, and when paired with traditional leadership characteristics, pre-pare them to become leaders. Martha Mertz’s vision has become a global movement. There have now been over 7,000 recipients of the Athena Award, with these awards presented in 500 communities throughout 8 countries. The organization con-tinues to provide awards to individuals who empower women and best position them to become our future leaders, and provides an annual leadership forum and luncheon for fe-male leaders to make meaningful connections with one another. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to celebrate the 35th anniversary of the Athena International Organization. Their com-mitment to preparing our future leaders de-serves praise, and we wish them many more years of success and prosperity. f 
TRIBUTE TO OAKLAND MANOR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Oakland Manor of Oakland, Iowa, for its 50 years of service in providing high-quality healthcare in Oakland and south-west Iowa. Oakland Manor was established in 1966 and offers skilled nursing care and assisted living to its resident community. The facility also offers a special ventilator unit and pro-vides continuum of care with a dedicated staff and medical team. The Oakland Manor staff is committed to helping their residents live a quality life every day. Mr. Speaker, I commend Oakland Manor and its staff for reaching this milestone in dedicated and devoted service to Oakland and southwest Iowa. Their highly skilled team makes a difference by helping and serving others. It is with great honor that I recognize Oakland Manor today. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating them and in wishing the entire staff nothing but con-tinued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GARY HERRICK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Gary Her-rick of Van Meter, Iowa, for his 40 years of service to the Van Meter Fire Department. Mr. Herrick recently retired from the depart-ment after four decades of service to the com-munity of Van Meter. Throughout his tenure he has held every rank in the department, in-cluding chief, and has been an invaluable source of information for all other members of the fire department. His vast experience not only helped train fellow firefighters on how to best fight fires and rescue people, but also how to show compassion to victims, and how to interact with the community. Current Fire Chief Jon Bruen told the Dallas County News that Mr. Herrick has been a mentor to him dur-ing his years on the department. Now retired, Mr. Herrick will continue his service by working to construct buildings with World Mission Builders, a mission which has built over 230 churches and related buildings in 88 countries. Even still, he plans to be only a phone call away if the Van Meter Fire De-partment should have any questions. Mr. Speaker, I commend Gary for his forty years of service to his community. I urge my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26SE8.025 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1365 September 26, 2016 
colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating him and wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD VORTHMANN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Richard Vorthmann of Treynor, Iowa, for his selection as Iowan of the Day at the 2016 Iowa State Fair. Richard’s recognition day was August 16, 2016. Richard received this honor because of his many years of service in the Treynor com-munity. This award is given by the Iowa State Fair Blue Ribbon Foundation and recognizes Iowa’s most outstanding citizens, who dem-onstrate the Iowa values of dependability, in-tegrity, hard work, and sense of community. Richard Vorthmann is described as ‘‘a pillar of the Treynor community.’’ He has served for 35 years as a township trustee, clerk, and fair board member, and 25 years as a 4–H leader and member of the Treynor school re-organi-zation committee. He helped build the first tanker truck for the volunteer fire department, and is very active in his church. Richard is best known for his work with the Treynor Opti-mist Club, where he oversees the Treynor Can Kennel, a redemption center for cans that helps raise money for local youth groups, rais-ing over $135,000 for community projects. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Richard Vorthmann for receiving this well-de-served recognition. He is a shining example of how hard work, determination, and dedication can affect the future of so many. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in recognizing Richard’s accomplishments and service to his community. I wish him nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHERYL WESSELS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cheryl Wessels of Anita, Iowa, for her recognition as Iowan of the Day at the 2016 Iowa State Fair. Cheryl received this honor because she has made a difference in the lives of others while demonstrating the Iowa values of depend-ability, integrity, hard work, and sense of com-munity. This award is given by the Iowa State Fair Blue Ribbon Foundation to recognize Iowa’s most outstanding citizens. Cheryl’s day of recognition was held on August 13, 2016. Cheryl plays an active role in her commu-nity. Her service includes serving on the li-brary board, church treasury, P.E.O. and Cass County Memorial Hospital Auxiliary. Cheryl Wessels is most noted for her passion for the Little Dresses for Africa program. The 3,000 dresses she makes are distributed in Africa to orphanages, churches, and schools, to provide relief to children in Africa and around the world. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Cheryl Wessels for earning this award. She is a shining example of how hard work, deter-mination, and dedication can affect the future of so many. It is with great honor that I recog-nize her today. I know that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in recognizing her accomplishments and her service to her community. I wish her nothing but continued success in her future endeav-ors. f 
TRIBUTE TO KEN WEST 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 26, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ken West, of Perry, IA, for his quick thinking and heroic actions that saved a man’s life. Mr. West was eating lunch at the Hy-Vee in Perry on July 14, 2016 when he noticed that a store employee had started to choke. Mr. West jumped into action, performing the Heimlich maneuver which removed the ob-struction. He told the Dallas County News that he was trained in the life-saving procedure ‘‘a long time ago’’ but that it was the first time he has ever needed to perform it. His father served as an ambulance emergency medical technician and fire chief when Mr. West was a young man. He credits watching his father perform similar work and said his father was the source of that instinct to rush to the res-cue. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Mr. West and Iowans like him. I encourage every American to learn such life-saving procedures in case we should find ourselves in a similar situation. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in honoring Ken for his exemplary actions. SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Sep-tember 27, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 28 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy To hold hearings to examine the per-sistent threat of North Korea and de-veloping an effective United States re-sponse. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Administration’s fiscal year 2017 refugee resettlement program. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine an assess-ment of the economic recovery. SH–216 SEPTEMBER 29 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the regional impact of the Syria conflict, focusing on Syria, Turkey, and Iraq. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine under-standing the Millennial perspective in deciding to pursue and remain in Fed-eral employment. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26SE8.030 E26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D975 Monday, September 26, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6071–S6089 Measures Introduced: Two bills and seven resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3393–3394, and S. Res. 573–579.
                                               Pages S6080–81 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals For Fiscal Years 2016 and 2017’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–358) H.R. 4742, to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepreneurial programs for women. H.R. 4755, to inspire women to enter the aero-space field, including science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics, through mentorship and out-reach.
                                                                                Page S6080 
Measures Passed: Coordinated Ocean Monitoring and Research Act: Senate passed S. 1886, to reauthorize the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S6085–88 
National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 573, designating October 8, 2016, as ‘‘National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’. 
                                                                                    Pages S6088–89 
Hispanic Heritage Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 574, recognizing Hispanic Heritage Month and celebrating the heritage and culture of Latinos in the United States and the immense contributions of Latinos and Latinas to the United States.
     Page S6089 
National Retirement Security Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 575, supporting the goals and ideals of National Retirement Security Week, in-cluding raising public awareness of the various tax- preferred retirement vehicles, increasing personal fi-nancial literacy, and engaging the people of the United States on the keys to success in achieving and maintaining retirement security throughout their lifetimes.
                                                             Page S6089 
National Dyslexia Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 576, calling on Congress, schools, and State and local educational agencies to recognize the significant educational implications of dyslexia that must be addressed and designating October 2016 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month’’.                                                                                             Page S6089 
Alaska Federation of Natives 50th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 577, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Alaska Federation of Natives. 
                                                                                            Page S6089 
Measures Considered: Legislative Branch Appropriations Act—Agree-ment: Senate resumed consideration of H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S6075–76 
Pending: McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S6075 
McConnell Amendment No. 5083 (to Amend-ment No. 5082), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S6075 
McConnell Amendment No. 5084 (to Amend-ment No. 5083), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S6075 
McConnell Amendment No. 5085 (to the lan-guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 5082), to change the enactment date.
            Page S6075 
McConnell Amendment No. 5086 (to Amend-ment No. 5085), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S6075 
McConnell motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 5087, to change the en-actment date.
                                                               Page S6075 
McConnell Amendment No. 5088 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 5087), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S6075 
McConnell Amendment No. 5089 (to Amend-ment No. 5088), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S6075 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, September 27, 2016.
                                                                                Page S6089 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26SE6.REC D26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD976 September 26, 2016 
Veto Messages: Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act Veto Message—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the veto message on S. 2040, to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims.
                           Pages S6071–72 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the veto message be held at the desk, and at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, on Wednesday, September 28, 2016, Senate proceed to the veto message on the bill, and that there be two hours of debate, divided between the Leaders, or their designees; and that upon the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on passage of the bill, the objections of the President to the contrary not-withstanding, with no intervening action or debate. 
                                                                                            Page S6072 
Appointments: Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to Public Law 99–661, appointed the following individual to be a member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation: Senator Reed.
                                                               Page S6089 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to the Constitution, the report of the veto of S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate on September 23, 2016; ordered to be printed in the Record, spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk. (PM–56)                                                                                     Pages S6078–79 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6080 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6080 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6081–82 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6082–85 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S6078 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6085 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 5:27 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Sep-tember 27, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6089.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6164–6173; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 162; and H. Res. 891, 894–895 were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H5912–13 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5913–14 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1877, to amend section 520J of the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants for mental health first aid training programs, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–786); H.R. 3537, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes, with amend-ments (H. Rept. 114–787, Part 1); H.R. 5460, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a review process to review appli-cations for certain grants to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national voluntary consensus standards, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–788); H.R. 3779, to restrict the inclusion of social secu-rity account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–789); H. Res. 892, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5303) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules; and waiving a requirement of clause 6 (a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolu-tions reported from the Committee on Rules (H. Rept. 114–790); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26SE6.REC D26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D977 September 26, 2016 
H. Res. 893, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 954) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the individual mandate cer-tain individuals who had coverage under a termi-nated qualified health plan funded through the Con-sumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO–OP) pro-gram (H. Rept. 114–791).
                                   Page H5912 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Thornberry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5869 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:01 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H5869 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Mental Health First Aid Act: H.R. 1877, amended, to amend section 520J of the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants for mental health first aid training programs;
           Pages H5870–71 
Synthetic Drug Control Act: H.R. 3537, amend-ed, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clar-ify how controlled substance analogues are to be reg-ulated, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 258 yeas to 101 nays, Roll No. 557;
                            Pages H5871–74, H5893 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Controlled Substances Act to add certain synthetic substances to schedule I, and for other pur-poses.’’
                                                                             Page H5893 
Clarification of Treatment of Electronic Sales of Livestock Act of 2016: H.R. 5883, amended, to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods;
                                                                 Pages H5874–75 
National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act: H.R. 845, amended, to direct the Secretary of Agri-culture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance; 
                                                                                    Pages H5875–78 
Transit Security Grant Program Flexibility Act: H.R. 5943, amended, to amend the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 to clarify certain allowable uses of funds for public transportation security assistance grants and establish periods of performance for such grants; 
                                                                                    Pages H5878–79 
First Responder Access to Innovative Tech-nologies Act: H.R. 5460, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a review process to review applications for certain grants to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national voluntary consensus standards;                                                               Pages H5879–80 
Cyber Preparedness Act of 2016: H.R. 5459, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance preparedness and response capabili-ties for cyber attacks, and bolster the dissemination of homeland security information related to cyber threats;
                                                                    Pages H5880–81 
Securing our Agriculture and Food Act: H.R. 5346, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Home-land Security related to food, agriculture, and veteri-nary defense against terrorism;
                   Pages H5881–83 
Restricting the inclusion of social security ac-count numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government: H.R. 3779, amended, to re-strict the inclusion of social security account num-bers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Gov-ernment;
                                                                 Pages H5883–85 
Designating the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’: S. 2754, amended, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; 
                                                                                            Page H5885 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the Federal building and United States court-house located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’.’’.
                                                                        Page H5885 
Designating the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’: H.R. 5873, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’;
                                                        Pages H5886–87 
Vet Connect Act of 2016: H.R. 5162, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to disclose to non-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care providers certain medical records of veterans who receive health care from such providers;
                                        Pages H5887–88 
No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unan-swered Act: H.R. 5392, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26SE6.REC D26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD978 September 26, 2016 
by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 357 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 558;
     Pages H5888–91 H5893–94 
Veterans Emergency Treatment Act: H.R. 3216, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the emergency hospital care furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to certain veterans;
        Pages H5891–92 
Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Amendments Act of 2016: H.R. 5978, amended, to amend title 14, United States Code, to clarify the functions of the Chief Acquisition Officer of the Coast Guard; and
                                        Pages H5894–H5905 
Naming the Department of Veterans Affairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indi-ana, as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House’’: H.R. 5509, to name the Department of Veterans Af-fairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indi-ana, as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House’’. 
                                                                                    Pages H5905–06 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5893, H5893–94. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:29 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE ULTIMATE CIVIL RIGHT: EXAMINING THE HYDE AMENDMENT AND THE BORN ALIVE INFANTS PROTECTION ACT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing on Sep-tember 23, 2016, entitled ‘‘The Ultimate Civil Right: Examining the Hyde Amendment and the Born Alive Infants Protection Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. VACANT FEDERAL PROPERTIES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Transportation and Public Assets held a hearing on September 23, 2016, entitled ‘‘Vacant Federal Properties’’. Testimony was heard from David Mader, Controller, Office of Management and Budget; Gregory Parham, Assistant Secretary for Ad-ministration, Department of Agriculture; Michael Gelber, Deputy Commissioner, Public Buildings Service, General Services Administration; and David Wise, Director, Physical Infrastructure, Government Accountability Office. REVIEWING THE TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY’S PROHIBITION ON HOUSEBOATS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing on September 23, 2016, entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Tennessee Valley Authority’s Prohibition on House-boats’’. Testimony was heard from William ‘‘Bill’’ D. Johnson, President and CEO, Tennessee Valley Authority; David Monteith, Vice Chairman, Swain County Board of Commissioners; and public wit-nesses. WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016; CO-OP CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5303, the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 954, the ‘‘CO-OP Consumer Protection Act of 2016’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for H.R. 954. The rule pro-vides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Com-mittee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 5303. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–65 and provides that it shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides that no further consid-eration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. Additionally, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of September 29, 2016, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26SE6.REC D26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D979 September 26, 2016 
or September 30, 2016, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this sec-tion. Lastly, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported through the legisla-tive day of September 30, 2016, relating to a meas-ure making or continuing appropriations for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017. Testimony was heard from Chairman Brady of Texas, Chairman Shu-ster, and Representatives Levin, Smith of Nebraska, Farenthold, Ribble, Boustany, Al Green of Texas, Cramer, Kildee, McKinley, and Veasey. 
Joint Meetings 
MOLDOVA Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: On Thursday, September 22, 2016, Commission received a briefing on Moldova at a crossroads from William Hill, National Defense University, Department of Defense; and Matthew Rojansky, Woodrow Wilson Center, Washington, D.C. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D875) 
H.R. 3969, to designate the Department of Vet-erans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. Signed on September 23, 2016. (Public Law 114–220) S. 1579, to enhance and integrate Native Amer-ican tourism, empower Native American commu-nities, increase coordination and collaboration be-tween Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. Signed on September 23, 2016. (Public Law 114–221) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Trade Commission, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Christopher Coons, of Delaware, and Ronald H. Johnson, of Wisconsin, both to be a Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Sev-enty-first Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, and Sung Y. Kim, of California, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of the Philippines, Rena Bitter, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Kamala Shirin Lakhdhir, of Connecticut, to be Ambassador to Malaysia, W. Stuart Symington, of Mis-souri, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Nige-ria, Andrew Robert Young, of California, to be Ambas-sador to Burkina Faso, Joseph R. Donovan Jr., of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Indonesia, and a routine list in the Foreign Service, all of the De-partment of State, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine fifteen years after 9/11, fo-cusing on threats to the homeland, 10 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine certain intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–216. House 
Committee on Armed Services. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘National Security Space: 21st Century Challenges, 20th Century Organization’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Bio-research Labs and Inactivation of Dangerous Pathogens’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Address Consumer Access to Mainstream Banking Services’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Financial Stability Board’s Implications for U.S. Growth and Competitiveness’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, markup on H.R. 3693, the ‘‘IRGC Terrorist Sanctions Act of 2015’’; and hearing entitled ‘‘Libya’s Terrorist Descent: Causes and Solutions’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S.-Republic of Korea-Japan Trilateral Relation-ship: Promoting Mutual Interests in Asia’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Immigra-tion and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘New Orleans: How the Crescent City Became a Sanctuary City’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6094, the ‘‘Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses, Schools, and Nonprofits Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Are We Losing the Space Race to China?’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, Oversight and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘Op-portunity Rising: The FAA’s New Regulatory Framework for Commercial Drone Operations’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26SE6.REC D26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD980 September 26, 2016 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Investigating How VA Improperly Paid Millions to In-carcerated Veterans’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Effective Enforcement of U.S. Trade Laws’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of September 27 through September 30, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 5325, Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, at 2:15 p.m. If cloture is not invoked on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill. On Wednesday, Senate will resume consideration of the veto message on S. 2040, Justice Against Spon-sors of Terrorism Act, and vote on passage of the bill. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sep- tember 27, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Trade Commission, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: September 27, business meeting to consider the nominations of Christopher Coons, of Delaware, and Ronald H. Johnson, of Wis-consin, both to be a Representative of the United States of America to the Seventy-first Session of the General As-sembly of the United Nations, and Sung Y. Kim, of Cali-fornia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Phil-ippines, Rena Bitter, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Kamala Shirin Lakhdhir, of Connecticut, to be Ambassador to Malaysia, W. Stuart Symington, of Missouri, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Andrew Robert Young, of California, to be Ambassador to Burkina Faso, Joseph R. Donovan Jr., of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Indonesia, and a routine list in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State, Time to be an-nounced, S–216, Capitol. September 28, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine the persistent threat of North Korea and de-veloping an effective United States response, 10 a.m., SD–419. September 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the regional impact of the Syria conflict, focusing on Syria, Turkey, and Iraq, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: September 27, to hold hearings to examine fifteen years after 9/11, focusing on threats to the homeland, 10 a.m., SD–342. September 29, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine understanding the Millennial perspective in deciding to pursue and remain in Federal employment, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Judiciary: September 28, Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest, to hold an over-sight hearing to examine the Administration’s fiscal year 2017 refugee resettlement program, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: September 27, to hold hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–216. House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, September 28, Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Laboratories: Innovation through Science and Engineering in Support of Military Operations’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, September 28, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Semi-Annual Testimony on the Federal Reserve’s Supervision and Regulation of the Fi-nancial System’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. September 28, Subcommittee on Housing and Insur-ance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of US–EU Dialogues on U.S. Insurance Markets’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. September 29, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Holding Wall Street Accountable: Investigating Wells Fargo’s Opening of Unauthorized Customer Accounts’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, September 29, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests in Latin America and the Caribbean’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on the Judiciary, September 28, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. September 29, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Ongo-ing Oversight: Monitoring the Activities of the Justice Department’s Civil, Tax and Environment and Natural Resources Divisions and the U.S. Trustee Program’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, September 28, Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity: Ensuring the Integrity of the Ballot Box’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. September 29, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Doc-ument Production Status Update, Part III’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. September 29, Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations, hearing entitled ‘‘2020 Census: Outcomes of the 2016 Site Test’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, September 29, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Academic Research Regulatory Relief: A Review of New Recommendations’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26SE6.REC D26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D981 September 26, 2016 Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, September 28, Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Leases: Is the VA Over- Paying for Leased Medical Facilities?’’, 10:30 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, September 28, Sub-committee on Oversight, hearing on health care fraud in-vestigations, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: September 28, to hold hear-ings to examine an assessment of the economic recovery, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26SE6.REC D26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD982 September 26, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, September 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 5325, Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, at 2:15 p.m. If cloture is not invoked on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, September 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 5303— Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barton, Joe, Tex., E1357 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1357 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1355 Crawford, Eric A. ‘‘Rick‘‘, Ark., E1363 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1364 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1355 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1364 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1360 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1356 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1360 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1358 Larson, John B., Conn., E1362 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E1356 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E1361 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E1358 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1360 Maloney, Sean Patrick, N.Y., E1355 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1363 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E1356, E1358, E1361 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1361 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1357, E1359, E1360 Polis, Jared, Colo., E1355 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1356, E1358, E1359 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E1357 Scott, David, Ga., E1362 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1359, E1362 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1359 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1357, E1358 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1357, E1361 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E1359 Young, David, Iowa, E1362, E1363, E1363, E1363, E1364, E1364, E1364, E1365, E1365, E1365 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26SE6.REC D26SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST