Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1899 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 2016 No. 62 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of the people’s House. There are many important issues to be considered, with multiple interests and priorities dividing the House in its deliberations. May the inertia of habit that has so-lidified various blocs of opinion be stirred to productive action, and grant that a new light might shine on cre-ative solutions to longstanding and vexing disagreement. The benefit of so many Americans de-pends on the creativity and intentions of those who serve here. May their hopes and prayers for constructive leg-islation be satisfied through Your di-vine grace and the goodwill of all in this Chamber. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. TAKANO led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
BROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rep-resent a rural district in northern Cali-fornia where many of my constituents can only access the Internet through dial-up or low-speed DSL. Lack of ac-cess to broadband in rural areas is a drag on economic growth and impacts our small businesses, schools, hos-pitals, and much more. Recently, the House took action to ensure the FCC cannot regulate the rates charged for broadband Internet access by passing H.R. 2666. There is no regulatory scheme the FCC can create that will magically solve the challenge of expanding broadband access in high-cost areas. Instead, likely, it will be a hindrance as it creates more barriers to that ac-cess. Expanding broadband in rural areas requires an understanding of the eco-nomic realities, recognizing the need for greater access, and removing the regulatory uncertainty. Adoption of H.R. 2666 will encourage investment by letting Internet service providers know they will not have to face the threat of Federal regulations on the rates they charge and continue the push for broadband access and in-vestment in rural areas, which will be very helpful for people who have to drive a long distance for education and the telemedicine that is so critical in rural areas. PRESIDENT OBAMA SHOULD VISIT HIROSHIMA, JAPAN (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage President Obama to become the first sitting American President to visit Hiroshima, Japan. A visit to Hiroshima is not an apol-ogy on America’s behalf. It is a signal that the Commander in Chief of the world’s largest arsenal of nuclear weap-ons appreciates their power, and it sets an example for other world leaders to follow. I did not fully grasp the horror of Hiroshima until I traveled there for the first time in 2002. Only then did I de-velop a personal and lasting connection to the incredible destruction caused by nuclear weapons. Every leader who has the capacity to use these weapons should have that same experience and feel that same connection. One of America’s greatest strengths is the power to lead by example. The President should use that power to lead the world to Hiroshima and away from nuclear weapons. 
f 
GOD BLESS A TRUE TEXAN, BOB SCHULTZ (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I come from Texas. The world thinks that Tex-ans take care of Texans, and Texans al-ways brag about Texas. We do. The Fort Bend Star introduced me to Bob Schultz. I work for Bob. Bob lives in Richmond, Texas. He is 51 years old. Bob was given a death sentence—pan-creatic cancer. After 19 rounds of chemotherapy, tons of radiation, and endless surgeries, Bob beat his cancer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.000 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1900 April 21, 2016 
Bob recovered by volunteering al-most daily at the MD Anderson Hos-pital in Sugar Land, to make sure that coffee is made at 5:30 in the morning and that the linens are prepared for the 6 a.m. opening of that great facility. Mr. Speaker, I am going to close with seven words of Texas pride: God bless a true Texan, Bob Schultz. 
f 
GALESBURG WATER SAFETY (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, whether you are a mayor, a city council mem-ber, or a Member of Congress, it is the job of all elected officials to be problem solvers for the families we serve. For almost 25 years, the city of Galesburg has had a problem. The ma-jority of water tests there have had lead content exceeding the Federal ac-tion level, and the most recent health report shows that more than 14 percent of children tested in Knox County had high lead levels in their small bodies. When there is a problem, especially a serious problem like this, leaders come together to solve it. They don’t point fingers, and they certainly do not deny facts. Government officials at all levels have the responsibility to work con-structively to solve the problem and protect our children. That is why I have assigned a watch-dog task force within my office to in-vestigate lead contamination through-out my congressional district and de-velop comprehensive solutions to over-come this challenge. We need to work together to solve this problem because that is what lead-ers do. 
f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize heroes in our com-munities who ask for no recognition, too often receive none, and every day are deserving of it: our law enforce-ment officers. Their mission is simple: keep our communities safe. They are often overlooked, yet they are the first ones we call when we need help. It is a dangerous job. Each day these selfless servants put on a badge sym-bolic of their unique position to ensure the safety of the families and individ-uals of their communities, and they go do their duty. We enjoy the fruits of their labor without knowing of the tireless dedica-tion that makes it happen. Whether they are encouraging a child to make wise decisions, patrolling a neighbor-hood, or stopping a crime, their tireless dedication is often taken for granted. They sacrifice so we don’t have to. So, Mr. Speaker, to our law enforce-ment officers around the country and to their families whose sacrifices are not forgotten, I rise to say thank you. Thank you for protecting us. Thank you for defending us, for being ever vigilant, ever ready, and ever coura-geous. We appreciate you and stand with you as you serve as the guardians of our communities. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO WE THE PEOPLE (Mr. MASSIE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an outstanding group of students in my district from Highlands High School in Fort Thom-as. These students are members of the We the People team at their high school. They recently won the State cham-pionship and will compete in the na-tional-level program here in Wash-ington, D.C., this weekend, rep-resenting the State of Kentucky. This is the 12th consecutive year this team has won this competition in Kentucky. We the People is a civics education program that promotes teaching and learning about our Nation’s history, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights. Each year, the program hosts a national competition in Washington, D.C., in which individual State-level winning teams compete and participate in simulated congressional hearings. I am so proud of these students in my district, their parents, their teachers, and the administration of Highlands High School for their hard work and dedication. Congratulations again, and I wish you all the best in the National Finals. 
f 
A LIFE OF SERVICE (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the many accom-plishments of the Honorable James Roddey, a dedicated husband, father, and grandfather, successful business-man, public servant, and United States marine. Jim, a native of North Caro-lina, found opportunity where genera-tions of Americans have—western Pennsylvania. Last month, Jim stepped down as chairman of the Allegheny County Re-publican Committee. His tenure as county GOP chairman was the latest act in a career that included his his-toric election as Allegheny County’s first-ever county executive in 1999. Throughout his successful business career, Jim applied his acumen and heart of service to community develop-ment and the nonprofit sector. Un-doubtedly, Jim developed many of the values he applied in his career from his Marine Corps days, where he reached the rank of captain. Jim’s peers and colleagues admire him for his ability to get the job done. He approached his career with exu-berance and unmitigated diligence, cre-ating a lasting impact on western Pennsylvania. I wish him as well as his wife of more than 60 years, Elin, all the best in their future endeavors. f 
ENSURING INTEGRITY IN THE IRS WORKFORCE ACT OF 2015 Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 688, I call up the bill (H.R. 3724) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Pursuant to House Resolution 688, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–48, is adopt-ed and the bill, as amended, is consid-ered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3724 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Integ-rity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON REHIRING ANY EM-PLOYEE OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE WHO WAS INVOLUNTARILY SEPARATED FROM SERVICE FOR MIS-CONDUCT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7804 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION ON REHIRING EMPLOYEES IN-
VOLUNTARILY SEPARATED .—The Commissioner may not employ any individual previously em-ployed by the Commissioner who was removed for misconduct under this subchapter or chapter 43 or chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, or whose employment was terminated under sec-tion 1203 of the Internal Revenue Service Re-structuring and Reform Act of 1998 (26 U.S.C. 7804 note).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any employee removed from employment before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise author-ized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from South Dakota. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.001 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1901 April 21, 2016 
revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 3724, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Dakota? There was no objection. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan bill, H.R. 3724, Ensur-ing Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act. With tax day just behind us, most Americans have finished their tax re-turns. They filled out form after form, giving the IRS some of the most sen-sitive information possible, including their Social Security numbers, their birth dates, wage data, and more. In 2014, the inspector general for the IRS released a report that raised seri-ous questions about whose hands this information falls into once it arrives at the IRS. More specifically, an audit of the agency’s hiring practices found that the IRS rehired hundreds of former employees whom the IRS had previously fired because of conduct problems. And we are not talking about small infractions. The IRS rehired employees who had falsified documents. They failed to pay their own taxes. They accessed sensitive taxpayer informa-tion without permission. To think that someone could inap-propriately access tax information, get fired for doing so, and then be rehired just a few months later is completely unacceptable. But it has happened, and it has happened more than once. These stories border on the absurd. One employee had been absent without leave for a total of 8 weeks worth of work. As a result, that employee was fired, and the words ‘‘do not rehire’’ were stamped on that personnel file. Still, the IRS rehired that person. IRS leadership has failed to acknowl-edge its mistakes or change its proc-esses. Instead, they stuck their heads in the sand. According to the inspector general, the IRS’ response to the report was that it believed its current process was good enough. Well, I don’t buy it, and if the IRS leadership thinks its current processes are protecting tax-payers, they need a reality check. b0915 The Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act is a simple, bipartisan fix to a serious problem. The bill does what the IRS bureaucracy in Wash-ington won’t: it stops the IRS from re-hiring former employees who had been fired for cause. Now, my staff and I met with numer-ous frontline IRS employees from South Dakota who are sincere and hardworking individuals. My bill is not aimed at them. This legislation is aimed at the IRS bureaucracy in Washington and is in-tended to address a very real problem that they have refused to fix. There is no reason that IRS leader-ship in Washington shouldn’t be held to the same standard to which it holds you, the taxpayers. With this legisla-tion, we can hold the IRS accountable to us for its hiring practices and ensure a high-quality workforce for the agen-cy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, yield myself such time as I may consume. We all agree that the IRS faces seri-ous consumer service challenges and needs to be more responsive to the American taxpayer, but this bill is not a serious attempt at oversight of the IRS. In fact, with respect to making the IRS more responsive to taxpayers, this bill is a move in the wrong direction. But the fact that Republicans are moving in the wrong direction on tax policy really shouldn’t be a surprise to any of us. They are not only starving our entire government of the resources that it needs to operate efficiently for the American public, but they are delib-erately standing in the way of actual productive policies. Forget real tax reform that would bring positive benefits. They aren’t even doing anything to fix what is bro-ken in the system today. For example, the Republicans refuse to crack down on large corporations that seek to avoid paying their fair share of taxes simply by changing their mailing address from the United States to a low-tax foreign country. We see these stories on TV all the time, corporations renouncing their American citizenship to not have to pay any—any—U.S. taxes. But congressional Republicans have refused to take any action to stop these corporate tax dodgers and the re-sulting offshoring of American jobs. In fact, the Republicans who run Congress have protected these compa-nies not only through their refusal to act to stop these tax inversions, but by also refusing to repeal the tax break that incentivizes U.S. companies to ship jobs overseas. Yes, American companies can claim a tax break for firing American work-ers and moving their jobs overseas, and my Republican colleagues are doing nothing about that. The real-world effect of the Repub-licans’ refusal to go after these cor-porations that invert themselves to avoid paying their share of taxes is a heavier tax burden on the rest of our honest constituents who are playing by the rules. To address this problem, the Treas-ury Department recently issued new rules to stop large corporations from simply changing their post office box to avoid paying U.S. taxes. Could my constituents imagine sim-ply changing their post office box ad-dress to eliminate their Federal taxes? Of course not. Because they can’t. But somehow multinational companies, which seem to have more rights than American citizens, can. Now, you would think the American Congress would support the efforts of the American President to stop Amer-ican companies from not paying the taxes here in America. But, Mr. Speak-er, you would be wrong. The majority is threatening to stop the Treasury from advancing these types of commonsense rules to make multinational corporations pay their fair share of U.S. taxes just like every-one else. Wouldn’t our time be better spent and served if my Republican colleagues held hearings—and passed bills—to stop companies from moving their jobs and profits overseas? Democrats stand ready to work with them to enact commonsense policies to close the loopholes in our Tax Code that encourage companies to send their profits and their jobs overseas. Unfortunately, we will have to wait for another day before the majority is serious about working together to make our tax system fairer for working people. But let me be clear. Americans will not wait any longer. They demand that we act to close these loopholes to en-sure that American corporations don’t cheat the system to try to avoid pay-ing their fair share of taxes here in the United States, letting the little guy have a greater burden in their absence. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have a gentlemen here to speak on behalf of my bill who has been a strong leader in bringing integrity to the IRS. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, we are at a crossroads with our tax system. Our Tax Code is outdated, overly complicated, and the IRS has proven that it, in and of itself, is in need of serious reform. Here is an opportunity for us to work together. From the opening remarks of my colleague across the aisle, I am not sure if that is an attitude of coopera-tion, but certainly this is a bill we can work together on, I would hope. Our Tax Code was last updated in 1986, a generation ago. It is increas-ingly burdensome in this global 21st century economy. American taxpayers need a simpler code that they can eas-ily comply with. Finally, they deserve an accountable and consistent IRS which provides ex-ceptional taxpayer customer service. It is long past time for the status quo to change on these problems. We need tax reform. This is why I stand in support of my colleague’s bill, the Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act. The legisla-tion would prohibit the IRS from rehir-ing any individual who was previously employed by the IRS, but fired for cause. This is inconsistent and unac-ceptable behavior from an agency which requires the highest standard of tax compliance from taxpayers. The IRS should apply the same rigorous standard inside the agency itself. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.004 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1902 April 21, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I wish we didn’t need an act of Congress such as this, but, ap-parently, we do. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I have a friend and colleague here today who has fought daily for years for hard-working taxpayers across America and for his home district. I am proud to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Ham-lin County, South Dakota, a very dear friend not only of every Member of Congress, but, in particular, a great Representative representing South Da-kota at a time when South Dakota needs not only strong representation, but a strong voice. I want to thank the young Congress-woman for bringing this legislation to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, today is quite simple. The United States Congress has a say in the matter about how our govern-ment is run and the conduct of the gov-ernment. The Internal Revenue Service has, for quite some time, been at odds, I be-lieve, not only with their mission statement, but also at odds with their duty to publicly serve, provide infor-mation, and to do the things that en-able taxpayers, who want to follow the law and need to follow the law, to com-ply respectfully. The Internal Revenue Service, over the last few years, has run afoul, I be-lieve, of the American people because the commonsense obligations that they have have not been met. Today we are here on the floor with Congresswoman N
OEM to talk about H.R. 3724 that prohibits the Commis-sioner of the IRS from rehiring any employee who was involuntarily—that means forced—out or involuntarily sep-arated from service for misconduct at the Internal Revenue Service. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration reported in Feb-ruary 2015 that the IRS had rehired those employees who had been fired from the Service for misconduct, hun-dreds of former employees who were terminated for well-documented con-duct or performance issues. In fact, the IRS rehired 141 former employees who had substantial tax issues. That means they were not pay-ing their own tax bills. Mr. Speaker, if we were going to hire a person in our office, we would at-tempt to gain information about that employee. Yesterday, as we were talking about this on the rule, a fellow colleague said: What about your own employees? Do you make sure they pay their taxes? I said: That would be a good ques-tion. No, I don’t ask that question. But I would not have any idea what the real answer was—the truth—if an employee did not tell me the truth. The IRS does have the answer. They know who is paying their taxes, and they know why they fired an employee, Mr. Speaker. We are here saying that the Internal Revenue Service should not rehire these employees who were unfaithful, unfaithful to their job and unfaithful to the American taxpayer. One hundred forty-one employees who substantially did not pay their taxes represent 60 percent of all termi-nated for misconduct. I think I know why: because the In-ternal Revenue Service at the highest levels allows this to go on, and then they rehire the employees who didn’t even follow the law. Mr. Speaker, that is not just mis-conduct. That is another level giving them an opportunity that a normal taxpayer would not have to get away with not paying their own taxes. Other misconduct issues of rehiring employees include accessing taxpayer information improperly without au-thorization, falsification of official forms, unacceptable behavior and per-formance, and abuse of IRS leave and property policies while on public time. Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman NOEM is doing the right thing and so is the House of Representatives. I would like to see this be a bipartisan issue, not a partisan issue. We need the IRS. We need them to do a good job. But if this were at the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation, would we allow that to happen? If this were at the CIA, would we allow that to hap-pen? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. Mr. SESSIONS. If this were at the Department of Justice, would we allow that to happen? Why is this not a bi-partisan issue? Why can’t we get together and say: Mr. Koskinen, you are the Commis-sioner of the IRS. We respectfully would like to see you correct what you are doing. We are not on a witch hunt. We have the facts of the case, and we believe the right thing to do is to offer some rem-edy. That is why Republicans are on the floor today, and that is why our young Congresswoman is leading this charge. I stand behind her. I voted for the rule, and I am going to vote for this. It does the right thing. I thank the gentlewoman for the time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, I would just add to that list of the gentleman from Texas: If it were Congress, would we allow this to happen? Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, we have another colleague here on the floor today who serves on the Ways and Means Committee and has diligently worked on IRS issues and has been a leader on bringing some clarity to the situations that we deal with in trying to bring integrity to the IRS. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ). Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3724, the Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2015, a bill sponsored by my good friend and colleague, Rep-resentative K
RISTI NOEM of South Da-kota. As the previous colleague said, this should be a bipartisan issue. This is an American issue. I spent most of my life in the busi-ness world. I have owned and operated over 60 different businesses, employed over 3,000 people, and created thou-sands of new jobs. Throughout my 30- year business career, I have had the privilege of hiring many new, talented individuals. When it comes to hiring at the IRS, the Treasury inspector general stated, ‘‘Selecting the best candidates for em-ployment is essential to providing the best service to America’s taxpayers, maintaining public trust in tax admin-istration, and safeguarding taxpayer’s rights and privacy.’’ However, the inspector general re-port from December 2014 found that the IRS fell short of that standard. Last year the IRS hired hundreds of employ-ees who were terminated for mis-conduct. Those serious offenses in-cluded willful failure to file tax re-turns, unauthorized access to taxpayer information, falsification of official forms, and abuse of IRS leave and prop-erty policies. b0930 As a businessman, but more impor-tantly as a representative of the Amer-ican taxpayer, I find this IG report in-excusable. It seems obvious to me, but not once did I rehire someone in the real world—in the real world—who I had previously fired for misconduct. The IRS needs to earn the trust of hardworking American taxpayers. Re-hiring employees who were fired for these serious offenses further erodes that trust. H.R. 3724 directly addresses this issue. It prohibits the IRS from rehir-ing employees that were fired for mis-conduct. This is common sense. As a former businessowner, I know it is a very difficult decision to let some-one go, but rehiring an individual who was asked to leave due to gross mis-conduct would be insulting to other employees who have faithfully served the business, and would present a sig-nificant risk to the health of the orga-nization and its customers. The IG report found the IRS doesn’t take those risks seriously. In fact, ‘‘IRS officials stated that prior conduct and performance issues do not play a significant role in deciding the can-didates who are best qualified for hir-ing.’’ Because the IRS hasn’t taken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.006 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1903 April 21, 2016 
those risks seriously, this straight-forward, commonsense legislation is needed to restore accountability and trust in the IRS. I would like to commend Mrs. N
OEM for her leadership on this legislation. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in support. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, it appears that America will have to continue to wait for action to stop companies from shifting Amer-ican jobs overseas and stopping cor-porate tax dodgers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3724. I would think as we look around the country right now, the integrity of what our government is and how our voters are represented and our citizens are represented, is really the case here. I thank the gentlewoman for bring-ing such a commonsense piece of legis-lation forward because we know in this town there is nothing less common than common sense. The faith and trust of the American people is based on their belief that the people who work for them are acting in their best interest, always acting in their best interest—the interest of the American people. Not in their personal interest, but in the interest of the American people. We find out that there are folks who are working on be-half of the American people, but they have somehow betrayed that faith and that trust. And folks have lost con-fidence in their government. They have lost confidence because of things that happened, not things that were imag-ined, not some whimsical idea that somehow we can get at somebody for doing this. There is no agency that is feared more in this country than the IRS. The question is: Why would they be so feared? Because they can completely shut you down, they can freeze your bank account, they can make you stay up late at night worrying about what is going to happen. When you get that letter from the IRS, the next thing you do is contact an attorney to represent you because you don’t want to make a mistake, you just don’t want to do it. But then you find out that within the IRS, people working for that agency, but, more im-portantly, working for the people of the United States, have violated that trust. These are substantiated results. This is not somebody’s idea or way of get-ting back at somebody. This is remov-ing bad apples and saying: you have violated, you have betrayed the trust of the American people, you are going to leave the agency, but, more impor-tantly, you are never coming back in. This isn’t any way to somehow get back at a political party or get back at anybody. This is a fact that if we can-not restore the confidence the Amer-ican people have in us—their faith and their trust—why are we here? Why do we go through elections? I don’t come here to represent my ideas and my beliefs. I come here to represent the values and beliefs of Pennsylvania’s Third Congressional District. That is 705,687 Americans, not Republicans, not Democrats, not Lib-ertarians, not Independents, but Amer-icans. This piece of legislation takes into account that these are wrongdoers. These are not people who we want to associate ourselves with. These are people who have used the power of their office or of their position to somehow work against the very people who employ them. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I would just say, at this moment in our his-tory, I thank the gentlewoman for standing up for every hardworking American taxpayer and doing the best we can to restore the faith and con-fidence of the American people that they can trust who it is that they elect to represent them and they can trust us to make sure that wrongdoers are punished and, once are asked to leave, are not allowed to come back in. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I would inquire how much time is remaining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York has 24
1⁄2min-utes remaining. The gentlewoman from South Dakota has 15
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ). Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate Mrs. N
OEMand her drive to ad-dress this very important issue. I believe that the overwhelming ma-jority of the people who work at the IRS are good, hardworking, patriotic people who want to do the right thing. I have a serious problem with manage-ment and I have a serious problem with the head of the IRS, but on this issue, this is just unbelievable that we can’t come to a conclusive and absolute 100 percent agreement. All we are asking for is that the bad apples, the people who will disturb what is going on in the workplace, who aren’t going to act in the best interest of the United States of America, that they be excluded from participation. One of the things that is fascinating, Mr. Speaker, as we look at this, is in response to the independent review that was done of the IRS and their hir-ing practices. And the question here is: Should we go back and review the per-sonnel employment file prior to rehir-ing somebody? This is what they said: ‘‘Addition-ally, while it did find that a review of performance and conduct issues could be accomplished earlier in the process, the Department of Treasury, the Office of Personnel Management, and the In-ternal Revenue Service believed that it was not feasible to move the review of these issues earlier in the hiring proc-ess. This action would greatly increase the cost of hiring, likely increase cycle time beyond the Presidential mandate of 80 days, require additional resources, and not likely yield a reasonable re-turn on investment.’’ Come on. Come on. Are you kidding me? How long could it possibly take to actually go back and review some-body’s performance reviews, look back at their employment history, and see if they have been acting in the best inter-est of the United States of America? Clearly, in the examples that are there, there are people that willfully don’t even file their own tax returns, there are people that are doing some bad, stupid stuff. They don’t think they have the time and resources to look at it in advance; we have to actually pass a piece of leg-islation requiring this? That seems entirely reasonable. It is not overly burdensome. Here you have an organization, the IRS, that can ac-tually destroy somebody’s life by a mere letter showing up in your mail-box, and they can’t even take the time to look at somebody’s employment his-tory, somebody who has already worked at the IRS? That is how absurd this organization is, and that is why this piece of legisla-tion is so easy to understand, it is so easy to vote for. It is not a partisan issue. This is just saying: Do you know what? For all the good people who work at the IRS, let’s make sure that the new people who come on, or the re-hires who come on, in this case, are ac-tually addressed and we look at their information prior to hiring. It is that simple. That is why I am in favor of this bill. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds. I am still waiting for a bill to keep American jobs in America and not ex-port them overseas through the Tax Code. I will continue to wait for that bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, today, we are talking about a bill that will bring integrity to the IRS, which will better serve our taxpayers into the future. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ). Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I really want to thank the gentlewoman from South Dakota for her leadership in bringing this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, this bill is about restor-ing trust. This bill is about holding the IRS accountable. Here we are, in a week where Americans had to file their tax returns. And so often, just the let-ters I-R-S send a chilling effect through people when they hear those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.007 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1904 April 21, 2016 
letters. Yet, you look at the arrogance over at the IRS, just the attitude that they have and the disdain it seems that they have towards the very people who pay their bills—the taxpayers. Here you have a case where people who have been fired by the IRS for abusing their positions are actually being rehired back to the IRS. Again, this is the kind of disdain that disgusts people as they fear the IRS. The IRS ought to have the same fear towards the people who pay their salaries as people get when they get that letter from the IRS. Mr. Speaker, we have had inspector general reports in the Treasury Depart-ment. The inspector general found over 140 IRS agents aren’t even accurate in their taxes. The very people who are responsible for auditing American citi-zens aren’t even paying their own taxes. This is the kind of disregard for the American people that we are seeing over at the IRS, and it is time to rein it in. It is time to bring some account-ability and transparency back to the IRS. Who is afraid of that? What is so wrong with saying: If somebody has been fired for cause over at the IRS, with the access they have to such sen-sitive personal information of tax-payers, why should they be rehired back? It is just basic common sense that if somebody has abused their position at the IRS, enough is enough, and they shouldn’t be able to return and have access to that sensitive information anymore. I want to applaud, again, the gentle-woman from South Dakota for bringing this commonsense bill forward. I would urge adoption later on when we have this vote on the House floor. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I want to begin by thanking my friend from South Dakota for her lead-ership in holding the IRS accountable for what we are seeing today. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3724, the Ensuring In-tegrity in the IRS Workforce Act, to join in the outrage with my colleagues today on what we are seeing at the IRS. With tax day hitting earlier this week, I think this is an ideal time to highlight the need for continued over-sight and, perhaps, ramped-up over-sight of the Internal Revenue Service. Last February, the Treasury Inspec-tor General for Tax Administration re-ported that the IRS had a tendency to rehire former employees with serious misconduct and performance issues. In their review, they found more than 100 former employees were rehired by the IRS despite having significant perform-ance and misconduct problems, like willfully failing to file tax returns: a rather important thing for most of us, but apparently not for IRS employees. Mr. Speaker, the families in my dis-trict and I are 100 percent fed up with adhering to a standard that the IRS doesn’t even hold their own employees to. We simply will not tolerate the re-hiring of incompetent individuals who fail to do their job in the first place. It is time to put a leash on the IRS and prevent taxpayers from further double standards and further abuse. I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 3724. Again, I thank my colleague from South Dakota for her excellent leader-ship on this. I look forward to open de-bate and voting on this matter as soon as possible. b0945 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. No disrespect to the sponsor of this bill whatsoever. I have great admira-tion for her, as she knows, but I believe that this bill could have been taken up on the consent calendar, quite frankly, with all of this discussion about the support on both sides. The reality is, though, that we are using precious time here on the floor on an issue that, as I say, could have been on the consent calendar. We are not addressing the real issue of concern to the American people, which is of the continuing loss of jobs here in America because of our Tax Code, which we refuse to fix, that is shifting jobs and American corporations overseas to in-version and also shifting American jobs overseas because of those inversions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CROWLEY. I yield myself an ad-ditional 15 seconds. Mr. Speaker, we are not having a hearing on this. We are not doing any-thing here on the floor to address this issue. Instead, we are taking up issues that, quite frankly, could have been on the consent calendar. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I am ready to close. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I believe this should be the beginning and not the end of a discussion on how to best plug the giant corporate loop-holes that are allowing companies to skip out on paying the same taxes that all of our constituents have to pay. This is one of the many major issues this Congress should undertake; but, instead, we are all too busy governing by press releases. This Congress has done nothing to address the Zika virus, which could be a threat to all women who are preg-nant or who are looking to become pregnant; but we have this consent bill here on the floor for debate. This Congress has done nothing to address the crisis of lead in our drink-ing water—a crisis vividly on display in Flint but one that lurks in the pipes of hundreds of cities and towns across our great land; yet we have this consent bill here on the calendar for debate. This Congress hasn’t even attempted to pass a budget for our country—the majority has not proposed a budget for our country—which is one of the most basic functions we can do as an institu-tion to make sure we make the nec-essary investments possible while also getting our economic house in order; yet we have what I would consider to be a consent calendar bill here on the floor today, taking up an hour’s de-bate. But we will always have time for message bills. Sure, they don’t create a job for an unemployed person in New York or in Flint or in Houston or in L.A., and they don’t increase the take- home pay of any underpaid worker or make college more affordable for mid-dle class kids or strengthen Social Se-curity for our seniors of today and to-morrow, but they will sound great on talk radio tonight and over the week-end—we are going after the IRS again. They don’t even deal with the Tax Code even though this bill is advertised as the Republicans’ idea of tax reform. It does not reform the Tax Code in any way, shape, or form, but that is what they portray it as. Let me explain something about the Tax Code to my Republican colleagues. Our Tax Code is inefficient. You see that when large corporations are pay-ing less tax than the employees who work for them. It is overly com-plicated. You see that when multi-national corporations avoid paying the same taxes as our constituents back home have to pay simply by their hir-ing expensive lawyers that our con-stituents, quite frankly, cannot afford. It is unfair. You see that when corpora-tions can dodge paying their fair share of taxes by simply switching their post office boxes to foreign countries— something our neighbors back home, if they attempted to do, would be ar-rested for, for tax evasion, but not cor-porations. Individuals, if you do that, you are arrested for tax evasion, but not an American corporation; yet my Republican colleagues continue to refuse to address this issue. Maybe more importantly than any-thing else, it does not promote job growth here in the United States. You see this when Congress refuses to re-peal the tax breaks for companies to fire their workers here and move their jobs overseas. This Congress must tackle these seri-ous issues, but we are not doing that today. We continue to wait for legisla-tion—for a hearing—on these impor-tant issues. Democrats stand ready to work with you all, my Republican colleagues, on commonsense legislation that plugs the corporate tax loopholes that are literally draining the funds our coun-try needs in order to function properly. Democrats stand ready to work with you to fix the Tax Code that is not only inefficient, not only complicated, not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.008 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1905 April 21, 2016 
only unfair, but that does not promote job growth here in the United States. That is something we want to work with you on in a bipartisan way. Unfor-tunately, we have to continue to wait for another day before the majority is serious about working together, in a bipartisan way, to make our tax sys-tem fairer for all working men and women in the United States. Let me be clear, once again, that the American people will not wait any longer. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. We have heard repeatedly from my colleague on the other side of the aisle about why we should not be spending time on this topic today, about why we shouldn’t have dedicated an hour’s worth of debate to making sure that we talk about H.R. 3724, Ensuring Integ-rity in the IRS Workforce Act. I think he has forgotten about what kind of information the people of this country turn over to the IRS. They turn over their Social Security num-bers, their financial information; a lot of the security that they have for their families, their homes, and their busi-nesses they completely trust the IRS to take care of, to protect, and to make sure that they use in the correct man-ner so that they might abide by the law and pay their taxes like honest, hardworking Americans do. To say that we shouldn’t spend time in mak-ing sure that criminals and people who are fired for misconduct don’t have ac-cess to that information, to me, is silly. That is exactly what our job is. The IRS needs integrity, and we are here to bring it today. Mr. Speaker, the White House has issued a veto threat against this bill. They said that the IRS would be forced to fire people, because of this bill, if it were signed into law. I read the White House’s Statement of Administration Policy on my bill, and the statement reads that it is unnecessary because current IRS processes already ensure that the agency does not rehire former employees who have significant con-duct issues. I guess the White House didn’t read the report, for the inspector general ex-pressed concerns that the IRS con-tinues to hire individuals who have sig-nificant prior conduct and performance issues even after the agency supposedly made upgrades to its hiring practices. I remind you, Mr. Speaker, that the inspector general’s review of former employees who were fired for serious misconduct and who were then rehired included employees with histories of fraud, a falsification of documents, workplace disruption, absence, and an unauthorized accessing of taxpayer in-formation. The inspector general iden-tified approximately 140 individuals who are currently, today, with the IRS who had been previously fired for cause. We are talking about an agency that employs 80,000 people. Surely, it can find 140 people who haven’t com-mitted fraud or falsified documents. Mr. Speaker, the inspector general recommended that the IRS reassess its hiring practices to determine in what part of the process it should fully vet candidates in terms of their prior per-formance. In fact, the IRS was given an opportunity to fully respond to the in-spector general’s report. In its re-sponse, the agency insisted its proc-esses were sufficient. Yet, Mr. Speaker, the agency still only begins to vet the candidates for employment only after the entire hiring process is completed and after a formal offer of employment has been extended. So, regardless of any changes the IRS has made to its hiring practices, the inspector general said he remains very concerned because IRS documents indicate it is hiring in-dividuals who have significant prior conduct and performance issues. Mr. Speaker, because the IRS hasn’t taken action is why we are here today. This bill is simple. It just says that the IRS cannot rehire employees who have been fired for misconduct. It is some-thing the IRS should have taken action on; and because they didn’t, that is why we are here today. It is our job to protect the taxpayers and to make sure their information is safe with the agen-cy that they, by law, need to turn over to the IRS. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 688, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
BAN ON IRS BONUSES UNTIL SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY DE-VELOPS COMPREHENSIVE CUS-TOMER SERVICE STRATEGY 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 4890. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 688 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 4890. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0957 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 4890) to impose a ban on the payment of bo-nuses to employees of the Internal Rev-enue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and implements a comprehensive customer service strat-egy, with Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am before the House today—really, before the Nation—on behalf of all of those frustrated taxpayers who have spent a great part of the last month, if not months before, in preparing their taxes in what is an increasingly com-plex Code. While we have a mission to simplify that Code, the fact of the mat-ter is they have to deal with the chal-lenges that they face today. One of the agencies that they inter-act with or hope to interact with when they have questions is something called the Internal Revenue Service. I want to focus on that third word— ‘‘service’’—because the idea here is we don’t have some oversight agency, and we don’t have some agency whose obli-gation and purpose in life is to make it harder on the average hardworking taxpayers, who are supporting the gov-ernment with the money that they earn; it is to be a service—to use their resources to help the hardworking Americans who must pay taxes—and to simplify the process, particularly when they have questions of a very, very complex Code and its requirements that are being put on each and every one of them. When we talk about serv-ice, what we need to see is a pattern; and what we see is a pattern by which, unfortunately, the service of the IRS is deteriorating rapidly. Let me give you the facts, and I am talking about what they call the an-swer time. When an individual gets on the tele-phone because he is frustrated and he calls the IRS and says, ‘‘I have a ques-tion,’’ this year, the IRS estimates it will receive 48.4 million calls with peo-ple asking for assistance. Do you know how many they will answer? Sixteen million. That means that 32 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.009 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1906 April 21, 2016 
taxpayers will call the service, and their calls will go unanswered. b1000 What kind of private entity could survive in this day and age if that was the kind of service that they were pro-viding? What we are seeing is that this is going in a backwards fashion. If you are able to get through and fi-nally talk to somebody, the wait times a few years ago were 18.7 minutes. Well, how many people who are work-ing at home, have other jobs, are doing things have 18.7 minutes just to wait for a phone call to be answered on an issue that they already have anxiety about? Well, those were the good old days, Mr. Chairman, 18.7 minutes, be-cause today it is 34.4 minutes. If you are one of the lucky 30 percent who even gets their call answered, you wait 34.4 minutes. It even gets better because what the IRS has implemented is a program now called a courtesy disconnect. Well, if that isn’t the most oxymoronic thing that I have heard—a courtesy dis-connect. In other words, we are going to tell you ahead of time, when you call, we are going to disconnect your call right away because we are going to tell you you are not going to be able to get through in time, so don’t waste your time trying to contact the IRS. Now, that just exacerbates the level of frustration. So what do we do about it? What is a solution? Let me tell you, Mr. Chair-man, this isn’t something that the Re-publicans on this side of the aisle have sat and said: Oh, let’s go get the IRS. Mr. Chairman, the GAO, which has overlooked this agency for, now, 3 straight years has been calling on the IRS to do something very simple. What they say is create a strategy and a plan to do a better job of answering those calls, of being responsive to those very taxpayers that your service requires you to do so. Just create a plan. It is that simple. The GAO issued recommendations to the IRS that they first outline a strat-egy that defines appropriate levels of telephone and correspondence service and wait time lists and get specific steps to manage service based on an as-sessment of timeframes, demand capa-bilities, and resources. Just tell us how you can do it better. Number two was direct the appro-priate officials to systematically and empirically compare its telephone service to the best in business to iden-tify gaps between actual and desired performance; in other words, see how it is being done in other places and aspire to do it as well. Well, as I said again, go back to the private sector. I imagine the people aren’t making 60 percent of the people that call, they don’t even answer it. Lastly, just improve taxpayer service by requiring the Secretary of the Treasury to develop a comprehensive customer service strategy. That is what the GAO asked them to do. This recommendation has been repeated year after year. Unfortunately, the re-sponse of the IRS to the GAO was that their existing efforts were sufficient. They have yet to devise this plan. Mr. Chairman, you tell me, when 60 percent of the calls are unanswered and those that are calling have wait times of over 35 minutes, tell me where that is sufficient. And therein lies the heart of the problem, the complete unwill-ingness to do a simple issue and to be responsive. Now, there are other reasons, per-haps, that the IRS is diverting the very resources that have been put in by this Congress to support taxpayer services. In fact, the commitment to those tax-payer services has gone down dramati-cally each and every year: In 2013, they put $190 million into en-suring that there were appropriate tax-payer services; and then, in 2014, they decreased it to $183 million to ensure that there were appropriate taxpayer services; and then, in 2015, they put $45 million into it. So at a time when the GAO is telling them to do better, they are speaking with their own specific acts to say: We think it is sufficient. And not only do we think it is sufficient, we are actu-ally pulling resources away from rela-tions to the very taxpayers that we have an obligation to service. Mr. Chairman, the bill is really quite simple, and it is in response to that continuing unresponsiveness of those who manage the IRS. It is simply say-ing to do what you have been requested to do. Now, despite three GAO reports and continuing oversight by Congress, the refusal to be responsive to that, we looked and said a very simple thing. It says do not pay bonuses to the employ-ees until you have fulfilled the very simple requirement of coming up with this plan. Now, somebody might say to me: Well, that is outrageous. Put new obli-gations on the IRS. They have not done it in 3 years. But guess who has? The Department of Labor does it. The Department of Agriculture does it. The Department of Education does it. The Office of Man-agement and Budget does it. Each and every one of them, I would suggest to you, Mr. Chairman, probably have a lot less interaction with everyday Ameri-cans, but they have taken the time to put together that plan. So there is a template. We are not asking a whole lot. It has been specific, laid out in the GAO report, simply to do that. So we are asking very simply in the bill, do your job; and until you have done that job, which other agencies are very capable of doing, no bonuses get paid. It doesn’t say no bonuses get paid at all. In fact, this is not antiworker. In fact, hardworking people at the IRS— and there are many—they can get re-warded for appropriate work that they do. But don’t pay those bonuses until you, management, answer to them why you won’t do the service agreement or service plan. You tell your employees why you won’t do it. Don’t go blaming it on somebody else. That is the very simple request that we have, which is to make the plan before you write the bonuses. Mr. Chairman, that is not asking for much. It is certainly not asking for much on behalf of the frustrated tax-payers of the United States who are seeing a demonstrated inability to communicate with the very agency that is responsible for helping them solve the questions that they have with respect to the complexities of the Tax Code. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to con-tinuing to debate this issue. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. What we are facing today is the worst kind of demagoguery, and really it descends to propaganda. Look, the reason the phones aren’t being answered is because the Repub-lican majority has failed to answer to its responsibilities. The appropriations have been going down. The last 5 years, the budget cut for IRS has been close to $1 billion. So you try to hide from your failure and you point your finger everyplace except where it belongs—yourselves. You want to say no bonuses to the 80,000 people because this House major-ity has failed to meet its basic respon-sibility, and that is to fund so that there can be adequate resources to an-swer the phones. You are the ones who have shut it off. So the problem is not a lack of strat-egy; it is a lack of resources. The House Republicans are trying to pass the buck because they are not pro-viding the bucks necessary for ade-quate taxpayer services. We had this chart yesterday, and here it is again. This shows, in the yel-low, the amount of resources. In the blue, it shows the average time to an-swer the phone. As the resources have gone down, the time it takes has gone up. That is a simple fact. The only time that changed was when this insti-tution provided some adequate re-sources, and so the time to answer the phones went down. Now you are back at it again, dimin-ishing the resources, and you are essen-tially blaming the 80,000 people who don’t get the adequate resources to do their jobs. Now you say let’s have a plan. There is already a system, but you don’t pro-vide the resources to carry it out. You are saying come up with a plan that will be looked at and approved by the inspector general that doesn’t have that responsibility. So that is why the White House stands in opposition, and I read: ‘‘Legislation constraining the IRS’s ability to retain and recruit highly qualified employees is not needed and could be counterproductive to the Service’s mission.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.011 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1907 April 21, 2016 
So I am going to point out other things you haven’t done. Mr. C
ROWLEY  laid them out very, very well. This place, under your leadership, has been bankrupt in terms of address-ing the critical needs of the budget, the problems in Flint, the problems faced by Puerto Rico, the problems faced by thousands of people because of Zika. So you come here and you say, well, the IRS isn’t doing its job. You are not doing your job. Don’t go after an agen-cy for not being able to answer the telephone when you essentially are cutting the lines of resources. It is out-rageous. It is outrageous, and I think the people will know. I say this to my constituents. When you call up and it takes hours, call up your local Member of Congress, espe-cially if he or she a member of the ma-jority here. Call them up. If they don’t answer the phone, try email. And if there is no response, call one of us who are working to provide the adequate re-sources for the IRS to answer the phones, and we will try to find a way for you to communicate with your Member, if that person has failed to meet his responsibilities. The blame is on your doorstep. Don’t try to shift it. I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof Texas). Members of the House are re-minded to address their remarks to the Chair and not to each other in the sec-ond person. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Chair, I ask unani-mous consent that the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) control the remainder of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey will be recognized. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ). Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding and his work. Mr. Chairman, every year the Amer-ican people pay their taxes; and every year to do that, they have to deal with an agency that is inept and increas-ingly unethical. You can’t make this stuff up. The IRS failed to answer 8 million calls during tax season last year. Yet, over a short 5-year period, they handed out nearly $6 million in bonuses to them-selves. b1015 Just to make this clear, that means the IRS can’t take the taxpayers’ phone calls, but they sure as heck can take the taxpayers’ money for their bo-nuses. Or how about this? The inspector general found that nearly 1,600 IRS em-ployees willfully avoided paying their own taxes over a 10-year period; yet, we trust these same people to collect taxes from their fellow citizens. How is it that the agency charged with collecting taxes employs people who don’t pay their own taxes and that agency does nothing about it? Now, it doesn’t stop there. The IRS has a slush fund of money it collects from fees that it uses however it wants. No accountability. No transparency. Meanwhile, about 500 IRS employees have been fired for misconduct, such as snooping on private taxpayers’ infor-mation; yet, they have been hired back again. The IRS selectively targeted for sanctions taxpayers who donated to Romney, intimidated nonprofit citizen groups, and sent out millions in poten-tially fraudulent tax refunds all in the past few years alone. You wonder why American people don’t trust their gov-ernment. Now, Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to look at these bills on the floor. We are not trying to make some partisan statement here. We just want our gov-ernment to work for the people and work well. But, to do that, we can’t leave the IRS the way it has been. We had bills yesterday on the floor by Congressmen JASON SMITH and D
AVID ROUZER that put an end to the slush funds and to make sure the peo-ple working at the IRS actually paid their taxes, and today we are going to pass more bills by K
RISTI NOEM and P
ATMEEHAN to stop the IRS from hir-ing people who can’t be trusted and to fix the agency’s absolutely terrible cus-tomer service. These are good bills. They are smart bills. Frankly, they are bills that make you wonder how any reasonable person could ever vote against them. But I forgot how irrational some peo-ple could be. Just a few days ago the Obama administration said they were against all four of these bills. Really? They are against accountability? They are against IRS agency employ-ees paying their taxes? They want the IRS to fail to answer the vast majority of customer service calls? They want to rehire bad employees? I couldn’t understand it. Frankly, the administration’s statement didn’t clear things up either. The Office of Management and Budget actually said this: ‘‘These bills would impose unnec-essary constraints on the Internal Rev-enue Service’s . . . operations . . .’’. Now, let me get one thing out of the way. The administration is worried about imposing constraints on the IRS, but it has no problem imposing con-straints and regulations on small busi-nesses, energy producers, manufactur-ers, to the point that it is driving them out of business. That shows you how backwards this administration’s priorities are. The IRS targets conservative groups, fails at basic tasks, and employs people who don’t pay their own taxes. But the people who are trying to earn an honest living and power their homes and produce products right here in America? The administration thinks they are the problem. They think they need to be regulated. That is wrong. That is not what our country stands for, and it is not what this majority is going to stand for ei-ther. But there is another principle here. The House is not trying to write some laws and impose some rules on the IRS just because. We are trying to restrain government because unaccountable and unelected bureaucrats have shown that they can’t be trusted with the power they have been given. When you say ‘‘IRS,’’ I can assure you that the last words people think of are honest, fair, transparent, or even trustworthy. That is not how our government should be, especially the arm of gov-ernment entrusted with collecting our taxes. Because when people can’t trust that their government is treating them fair-ly, they lose faith in politics. They be-come cynical, and it increases the divi-sions within our country. Now, good government shouldn’t be a one-party issue. I love the debates about how small or how large govern-ment should be or how high or how low taxes should be. But we can and we should agree that government should do its job well with-out abusing the trust of the American people. That should never be a one- party argument. That is what these bills are about. That is what this debate is about. The American people are watching, Mr. Chairman, and they want us to make our choice, good government or bad. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I have to respond to the previous speaker, whose simplistic analysis has been exposed during this Presidential election. We have selective memories. That is our problem, because how can you come before the American people, Mr. Chairman, and explain how X amount of IRS workers have not paid their taxes? We all want everybody to pay their taxes because when insufficient rev-enue is in the coffers, we can’t pay our bills. But if the truth be known and we didn’t have selective memory, when you point out how many people in the IRS of the 80,000 employees—1,500— haven’t paid their taxes or are in de-fault of their taxes, the gentleman fails to mention that one of the biggest cul-prits in not paying their taxes is the very House of Representatives. My Lord. Five percent of the Members de-fault on their taxes. Now, what about us and our respon-sibilities? We are the guardians. We are the guardians. We are the protectors of the taxpayers. Beware, taxpayers. Be-ware. I have a great deal of respect—and I hope I have proven it in the past—for the gentleman who has introduced this legislation, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ). I just think we are off on the wrong foot on this one. In your support for the bill, H.R. 4890, you claim to be concerned about IRS customer service. This bill would pro-hibit any bonuses being paid to IRS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.013 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1908 April 21, 2016 
employees until the agency comes up with a customer service strategy ap-proved by the Treasury Inspector Gen-eral for Tax Administration. Customer service is critical. But how can you come here and complain about customer service when you have cut the IRS budget $1 billion in the last 5 years? That is 13,000 fewer full-time employees. At the same time—listen to this, Mr. Chairman—there have been 9 million more tax returns being filed. Think about that just for a second: 9 million more tax returns, 13,000 fewer employ-ees, $1 billion less in appropriations. I mean, that is not rocket science. It is simply arithmetic. Your budgets have consistently starved the IRS of the resources it needs to do its job, and, true to form, this bill expressly forbids any addi-tional appropriations to carry out this mandate. Here is the reality. The IRS customer service didn’t decline because of lazy employees. It declined because of sig-nificant budget cuts. This year, thanks to an extra $290 million in funding, it has rebounded to about mediocre, still a disservice to many Americans who need help. So I agree with the ranking member when he says to look in the mirror and you will see who is responsible. Instead of helping the struggling peo-ple of Puerto Rico or Flint, Michigan, or passing a budget—tax day passed a few days ago—this Congress is fiddling with weakening the IRS. You can’t deny that all these attempts to harm the IRS are really harming taxpayers. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chairman, let me take a moment just to be responsive to a couple of things. In point of fact, I don’t think that I could have had a better setup for the real issues here than the very argu-ments that have been made by my col-leagues because, in fact, when you look behind what is actually going on, you see the scheme that is taking place here, which has put the IRS and the service that it gives to taxpayers right in the middle of the conflict. What they have done is created a cir-cumstance in which, if you purposely starve the very thing that will relate to the taxpayers, you can get the tax-payers worked up to come back to scream for more money for the Service: Let’s blame this on Congress. But let’s talk about what is actually going on here, Mr. Chairman. There may have been budget cuts, as there have been budget cuts all across the government. One of the budget cuts related to the $50 million that the IRS has used for conferences. And so, just like every other agency in government, just like the 14 percent cut we have taken in our own offices, there have been cuts at a time in which our government doesn’t have money. But that is not the issue. Because what has happened here has been the diverting of funding. What nobody is saying is that this same agency has been hit with $1.7 billion of diverted ex-penditure to service the Affordable Care Act, the healthcare law that was pushed on us and pushed on all Amer-ica; $1.7 billion has been diverted, will be dedicated this year, but never ac-counted for when that program was created. They put this responsibility, another unfunded mandate put on the agency by this law. What they have done is di-vert the attention. Take the resources away and then use it as a way to com-pel to see if we can force Congress to get pulled into this debate. Our thing is very, very simple. Again, it is not a funding issue. It is a service issue. We are not getting into that with this particular bill. It is a very simple thing that says: Create a plan for how you do it. I am glad that the gentleman from New Jersey, who I respect enormously, has been able, Mr. Chair, to touch on the very point that was also made, this idea that somehow we have been unre-sponsive and starved this agency. Mr. Chairman, $290 million just sent pur-posely for this issue, $290 million. So in addition to saying to give us a plan, we are saying: Here is $290 mil-lion of focused funding to say this is behind the plan. Tell us how you are going to use it. This whole thing is a smokescreen on the part of the other side to create the tension when, in fact, we are asking for a very simple thing that we have al-ready funded. Mr. Chairman, I have no other speak-ers at this time. I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi). The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLD-
ING) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 1252. An act to authorize a comprehen-sive strategic approach for United States for-eign assistance to developing countries to re-duce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, espe-cially for women and children, build resil-ience among vulnerable populations, and for other purpose. S. 2012. An act to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
BAN ON IRS BONUSES UNTIL SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY DE-VELOPS COMPREHENSIVE CUS-TOMER SERVICE STRATEGY The Committee resumed its sitting. b1030 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, just in response to my friend from the Keystone State, the implementation of the Affordable Care Act is not an IRS slush fund. There are mandates within the Affordable Care Act which necessitate, obviously, the involvement of the IRS agency. So any attempts to make it or create a slush fund in people’s minds is totally, to-tally inaccurate. That is not the issue. The issue is we have cut $5 billion. This year we re-stored $290 million. Again, do the math. We have 13,000 less employees. So that means a lot of those 13,000 less employees came to the end, perhaps, of their career, but were never replaced. It had nothing to do with the budget. It was beyond the budget, even, or within the budget. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chairman, I have no other speakers at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Seven former IRS Commissioners wrote, and we need to take a look at it because obviously they weren’t all Democrats and they weren’t all Repub-licans, but seven former IRS Commis-sioners have said: ‘‘Over the last 50 years, none of us has ever witnessed anything like what has happened to the IRS appropriations over the last 5 years and impact these appropriations reductions are having on our tax sys-tem.’’ The percentage of callers able to reach a live person at the IRS in the 2015 filing season was just 43 percent. The average wait time was 28 minutes. At one point during the filing season, the Taxpayer Protection Program line, which answers calls for victims of iden-tity theft—a growing issue day by day—was not answering 90 percent of the calls. That is not acceptable to your side. It is certainly not acceptable to our side, but your solution is, by no means, the solution. If you were truly con-cerned about improving customer serv-ice at the IRS, you would fully fund the agency. And we would support that. Penalizing the IRS is misguided and, in the long run, the consequence hurts the taxpayer. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. KELLY of Mississippi). Members are again re-minded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I want to once again actu-ally appreciate the comments that were made by the other side in the en-tirety of this debate because they real-ly speak to, in essence, what they are trying to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.014 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1909 April 21, 2016 
And I start again with this effec-tively unfunded mandate that was put on the IRS by the other side. They talk about funding. They gave them $1.7 bil-lion of responsibility under the Afford-able Care Act, but never a penny to pay for it. As my parents used to say when I was a kid: You should have thought about that when you did it. Where was the recognition that these responsibilities that you are putting on them, you have got to pay for them? We have seen costs rise exponentially in so many different factors, but that is the essence of what is being done here. So we are not going to pay for it, but let’s create tension and anxiety at the one place where the taxpayers will uprise, because we will stop talking to them. That is the essence of what is being done here. Mr. Chairman, once again, we are not asking for anything radical in re-sponse. In fact, we have already re-sponded quite appropriately by putting $290 million more into the very issue that is at stake here. All we are saying is: Come up with a plan. Show us how you are going to do it. Show us how, when 48 million people call you and ask for help with their taxes at a time when they don’t have 34 minutes to wait on a phone, to be one of the lucky 30 percent that even get their phone call answered. Do what a number of other agencies already do, give us a plan on how you are going to improve that. It is that simple. Our purpose isn’t to punish diligent IRS employees, but rather to compel management to fi-nally put the taxpayers first and take the need to improve the customer serv-ice experience seriously. Upon learning that this legislation was in development, the IRS reported to the GAO that they have established a team to consider its customer service recommendations. How about that? After 3 years, no response. The IRS Commissioner himself says service is abysmal. And they say it has been satisfactory up to this point in time. But as soon as this legislation is introduced, we have customer service recommendations and a team being es-tablished. I don’t think that is a coin-cidence. Passing the bill into law will ensure that the process continues in good faith. Mr. Chairman, Congress has a duty to oversee the IRS and ensure that it is meeting the needs of American tax-payers. When the IRS fails to meet those needs, it is up to Congress to act. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–49. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 4890 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. BAN ON IRS BONUSES UNTIL IRS DE-VELOPS COMPREHENSIVE CUS-TOMER SERVICE STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury, and the Secretary’s delegate, may not pay a bonus, award, or similar cash payment to any employee of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary, or the Secretary’s delegate, devel-ops and submits to Congress a comprehensive customer service strategy that has been reviewed and approved by the Treasury Inspector Gen-eral for Tax Administration. Such strategy shall include— (1) appropriate telephone and correspondence levels of service, which shall be based on service provided by the best in business and customer expectations; (2) a thorough assessment of which services the Internal Revenue Service can shift to self- service options; and (3) proposals to improve customer service in the short term (the current and following fiscal year), medium term (approximately three to five fiscal years), and long term (approximately ten fiscal years). (b) P
ROGRESS REPORTS .—The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall sub-mit reports to the Congress on the status of its customer service strategy and actions taken to improve customer service. Such reports shall be submitted on a semiannual basis until the com-prehensive customer service strategy under sub-section (a) is fully implemented. 
SEC. 2. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated or otherwise made available to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts other-wise authorized to be appropriated or made available. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–503. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall be not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MEEHAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–503. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 23, strike ‘‘or made available’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 688, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a technical amendment to clarify section 2 of the bill. This sec-tion states that no additional funds are authorized or otherwise made available to carry out the requirement of this bill. The language in the amendment makes it abundantly clear that we are not authorizing a new appropriation here. The IRS needs to create a customer service agency. If they want to claim that they don’t have enough money in the budget to be serving the taxpayers with an appropriate topnotch customer service strategy, then we are saying: Give us a plan to do so, and withhold the bonuses until you do so. It is very, very simple. This amendment makes a technical correction to make our intentions here crystal clear. The IRS doesn’t need ad-ditional funding to make customer service the top priority when, in fact, it has already been given $290 million to do just this. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, once again, my friends on the other side of the aisle are cutting off their nose to spite their face: more mandates on the IRS with fewer resources and somehow expecting them to improve services. As I have said, the IRS is servicing 9 million more people with $1 billion less. This amendment would only exac-erbate that problem. The words of the seven former IRS Commissioners ring out here. Why don’t we just cut congressional office budgets by 17 percent, as we did with the IRS, and then mandate that we improve constituent services or in-crease our workloads? That doesn’t make any sense either. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EE-
HAN). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–503. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, after line 17, insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.017 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1910 April 21, 2016 
(c) C ONSULTATION WITHTAXPAYER ADVO-
CATE .—In developing the comprehensive cus-tomer service strategy pursuant to this sec-tion, the Secretary, or the Secretary’s dele-gate, shall consult with the National Tax-payer Advocate. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 688, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have a small but, I think, perfecting amend-ment that I think, whether Republican or Democrat, we can agree on. Because I think as Republicans and Democrats, we may have different perspectives on this equation, but we would agree that money is power and that the IRS has an immense amount of power, given the amount of money that it is, in es-sence, steward to and controls as money is moved from individuals across this country to the Federal Gov-ernment. I think that we would agree that money without a plan is chaos. That is why in the military they have a five- paragraph order. That is why if you think about the business rule, you have a business plan. If you think about sports, you have got a game plan. You need to go through a planning process to effectively use money. I think we would agree that the gov-ernment’s role is to serve. I think it disturbed a lot of us that the Lincoln Memorial was closed back during the government shutdown. Some people saw that as a way of maximizing incon-venience for folks, as a way of high-lighting some rule we agreed or dis-agreed on as opposed to, again, staying focused on this larger notion of service. So I applaud the overall work of this bill and what it is about. I think that there is a problem when wait times move up threefold over the last 5 years. I think that there is a problem with dropped calls and infinity holds and all the other things that people have seen come their way as a result of dysfunc-tion at the IRS. We might see different remedies as to how we get there, but I think we would agree on those things. And so I applaud what is being done with this notion of saying: Let’s hold on bonuses. Let’s actually come up with a plan as we deal with how this additional $20 million is dispensed and used within the IRS. This amendment simply says that as you go in consultation with the Treas-ury, as you go in consultation with the IG, let’s also include the National Tax-payer Advocate there at the IRS. Be-cause I think it is important. You may deal with technology experts, you may deal with phone call experts, you may deal with taxation specialists, but to keep the bull’s-eye the ultimate cus-tomer out there—and that is the tax-payer. Too often the taxpayer is indeed the forgotten man or forgotten women in this equation. The idea of consulting with the National Taxpayers Union as you formulate those plans, again, I think make this a simply perfecting amendment, as you listen to the dif-ferent constituencies that will be dealt with in coming up with this plan. I think that perspective is key in holding the taxpayers’ viewpoint to be vital in the creation of this plan. That is all the amendment does. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ). b1045 Mr. MEEHAN. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, let me just take a moment to say that the National Taxpayer Ad-vocate has a long history of not only working on behalf of taxpayers, but working with the IRS to improve cus-tomer service. I think having the Na-tional Taxpayer Advocate involved in this process of creating comprehensive service strategy will actually improve the final outcome. I thank the gentleman for taking his time not only to look at the totality of this bill, but to find a way to improve its implementation with that support. I support the addition, and I urge others to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amend-ment. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, so let’s get this amendment straight. This bill would have the IRS work with the National Taxpayer Advocate, in addi-tion to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, as I read it correctly, in coming up with a cus-tomer service plan. Sounds good. However, you forget to mention one thing, Mr. Chairman, because the Na-tional Taxpayer Advocate and the Treasury Inspector General Tax Ad-ministrator have publicly stated, for the record, that the severe budget cuts enacted by the other side, Mr. Chair-man, in Congress have forced the IRS to reduce its workforce, reduce train-ing, reduce technology, and that these steps have weakened the ability to en-force the Nation’s tax laws—is that what you are looking for?—and serve taxpayers effectively. They said it, I didn’t. You can’t make this stuff up. So, instead of forcing the IRS to work with the National Taxpayer Ad-vocate, why don’t we, in Congress, lis-ten to them, and fund the IRS so it can do its job? This is the height of misdirection. I am only going by the words you have in this amendment. And I will tell you, they have made a statement very loud and clear to all of us. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. SAN-
FORD ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 4890) to impose a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and implements a comprehensive customer service strat-egy, and, pursuant to House Resolution 688, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of H.R. 4890 will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of H.R. 3724. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 260, nays 158, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 162] YEAS—260 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.005 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1911 April 21, 2016 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—158 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Amodei Beyer Crenshaw Denham Edwards Fattah Fincher Grayson Hunter Lujan Grisham (NM) Pompeo Sewell (AL) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Van Hollen 
b1110 Ms. SPEIER, Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. LANGEVIN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. RUPPERSBERGER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, today, Thursday, April 21, 2016, I was unable to be present for the first recorded vote of the day. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 162 (on passage of H.R. 4890). 
f 
ENSURING INTEGRITY IN THE IRS WORKFORCE ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 3724) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commis-sioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the In-ternal Revenue Service who was invol-untarily separated from service for misconduct, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 345, nays 78, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 163] YEAS—345 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.006 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1912 April 21, 2016 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—78 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Conyers Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Deutch Ellison Engel Frankel (FL) Gallego Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Hinojosa Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Larsen (WA) Lee Lewis Lynch McGovern Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Vargas Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—10 
Amodei Beyer Edwards Fattah Fincher Grayson Lujan Grisham (NM) Pompeo Smith (TX) Van Hollen 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1119 Ms. JACKSON LEE changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. KEATING changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, during roll-call Vote No. 163 on H.R. 3724, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yes’’ when I should have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for the purposes of inquir-ing of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morn-ing-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning- hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. Mr. Speaker, the House will also con-sider H.R. 4498, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act, sponsored by Representative STEVE CHABOT . This bill extends the role of angel investing in assisting start-up businesses to acquire the financing needed to grow, innovate, and create jobs. The House will also consider H.R. 4901, the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, spon-sored by Representative J
ASON  C
HAFFETZ . This bill is essential to im-proving education outcomes for low-in-come students in the District of Co-lumbia. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.J. Res. 88, sponsored by Representa-tive P
HILROE, which disapproves of the rules submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘fiduciary.’’ This ill-advised rule will result in thousands of individuals being dropped by their financial advis-ers and unable to receive sound finan-cial advice. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information as to the schedule. As I am sure he knows, I will want to ask him some questions about things that are not yet scheduled and, of course, the next week we will take a recess. b1130 As the gentleman knows, the budget was passed out of the Budget Com-mittee last month. We understand, of course, obviously, the Appropriations Committee is proceeding to mark up bills notwithstanding the fact that the budget has not been passed. We are not sure exactly what the al-locations for each subcommittee are going to be because, apparently, there has been no 302(b) allocation, which is the allocation to the 12 subcommittees. It is going to be hard for us to tell ex-actly how much money is left if, in fact, appropriations bills are brought to the floor without knowing fully the distribution of funds for both defense and domestic priorities. First, let me ask the gentleman: Does the gentleman expect the budget to be brought to the floor prior to the bringing of appropriations bills to the floor? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. We will continue to work through the budget process, and I will update the Members once there is more informa-tion. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for the depth of that information. We do have a serious problem. And I want to tell my friend, the majority leader, as someone who had served on the Appropriations Committee for 23 years, obviously, one of the important facts to know is how much will be allo-cated for each one of the 12 subcommit-tees so you can make judgments, as bills come to the floor or as they come to full committee, about whether the funding levels for those are appropriate or whether there ought to be other pri-orities that ought to be brought to the floor. I appreciate the gentleman’s re-sponse. I know that the Speaker has in-dicated that doing a budget is abso-lutely the responsible thing to do, that that is the regular order to do, and I know the budget has passed out of the committee. So I am wondering: What is holding the budget up, Mr. Leader? Why aren’t we considering it? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding and asking again. As for the schedule, we are not sched-uled for next week. We continue to work through. We think the budget is very important. When we have it scheduled, I will notify. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman, I suppose, for that additional informa-tion. Of course, it goes without saying that it is not scheduled next week, and we still don’t have the knowledge that I think is necessary for us to have before you bring the appropriations bills to the floor. In having said that, I under-stand the gentleman’s answer. There are three items that I have brought up before, Mr. Leader, that we think are critical items to be brought sooner rather than later that we need to deal with. First, I want to reiterate what I said last week. I appreciate the majority leader’s and I appreciate the Speaker’s action and the chairman of the com-mittee, Mr. B
ISHOP , in working with Treasury and with our side of the aisle to try to get a bill that we can agree on—that can enjoy bipartisan sup-port—that will address the crisis that confronts the American citizens who live in Puerto Rico. I also want to thank the gentleman— we had a meeting in his office—in that he and I shared the view that we ought to have a bill that is simple and straightforward so that we can forge a bipartisan agreement and get this bill done. The Speaker has set May 1 as the deadline. It would appear that we are not going to meet that deadline. And we did not meet the March 31 deadline. But I know we had a meeting yesterday with our staffs. It was a positive meet-ing, and I hope it will lead to a produc-tive meeting as well. I would like to yield to my friend to see if the gentleman has any comments about where we stand on our moving forward on a bill to address the fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico. I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Yes, the gentleman is correct in that we have been working together, espe-cially with the Natural Resources Com-mittee, on the proposal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.009 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1913 April 21, 2016 
I appreciate the gentleman’s commit-ment as well in making sure that we produce a bill that has solid financial footing and no financial bailout, which the work we are doing right now does not. As the gentleman knows, the discus-sions are ongoing, and part of the chal-lenge of finishing it is the Treasury De-partment. The Treasury Department still had some concerns. I know there were some meetings this week, and I know there were Mem-bers on your side of the aisle who did not feel comfortable in moving forward until the Treasury Department had fin-ished some of those negotiations. But we look forward to getting the bill finished and moving it forward on a bipartisan basis, a bill that has no bailout, but that meets the needs with what is going on in Puerto Rico. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I would reiterate what he and I both stated last week, which is that, clearly, this is not a bailout. There is no money contemplated that is going to Puerto Rico, and there is no extension of U.S. credit backing from the United States to Puerto Rico. What it is, as the gentleman knows, is just setting up a process for a re-structuring of debt that everyone knows cannot be paid, and there needs to be some sort of rational way that Puerto Rico can work itself to both repay that which it can repay while, at the same time, maintain the absolutely essential services of education, health care, and public safety for the Amer-ican citizens who live in Puerto Rico. So I would hope that we would con-tinue to work on that. Again, the majority leader’s staff and my staff, Treasury, and Mr. B
ISHOP ’s staff, the leader’s staff and Mr. R
YAN’s staff all have been working towards that end, and I appreciate that. But I think we all feel a sense of ur-gency. Even if we could work it out over the weekend or before we end next week, if we could bring it to the floor next week, if we had an agreement, I think that would be a good thing for us to do. I don’t know whether it is pos-sible—I hope it is possible—but I look forward to working with the majority leader towards that end. There are two other items, as you know, that I have mentioned in the past. Zika. There was a very compelling editorial in The Washington Post today about Zika. The administration has asked for $1.9 billion to address that crisis, which, clearly, almost every week, the CDC says is a growing one, with more exposure, with more of the United States’ mainland being impli-cated as being at risk. In addition to that, of course, Ebola continues to be a continuing health challenge both in Africa and in this country, but mainly in Africa. As you know, we appropriated money. Mr. R
OGERS and the Appropriations Committee and the gentleman said: Look, we can take some of that money and move it over to the Zika effort. The problem with that, Mr. Leader, as I think you have heard me say be-fore, is that Ebola continues to be a crisis. Is there any expectation that we could bring a supplemental appropria-tions bill for this emergency that con-fronts the health of our people here, in Puerto Rico, in the Caribbean, and, frankly, in other parts of the world? Is there any chance of bringing a supple-mental to the floor to address both of those? In addition, Flint continues to be on bottled water because they have not yet been provided with a water system that works for their people. So those three items, in addition to Puerto Rico, I think are compelling, timely issues for us to address. Will the gentleman give me any addi-tional information as to when that might occur? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. I want to take the opportunity to thank the gentleman for working with us on Zika. As he knows, I approached him early on to make sure we dealt with this in a bipartisan manner. As to any threat, we want to make sure it is not a par-tisan issue. As the gentleman knows, there was somewhere around $2 billion in unobli-gated Ebola money. One of the ideas, especially when the administration had requested money, was to have time to go through and ask the question, and many of those questions have not been answered yet. We wanted to make sure no funding problems would happen. We are proud of the administration for its being able to take our idea and move almost $600 million into Zika as we go forward. That will take us quite a ways into this fiscal year. We are continuing to look at and to ask questions. I have a whole list here of questions that have been asked from a standpoint of an updated spending plan from HHS, which still hasn’t been planned, of where they go, of what ac-tivities will the funds carry out, of how much funding do the agencies antici-pate needing in 2016. I mean, as the gentleman knows, never should we write a blank check, but never should we turn a blind eye to a problem. I am proud of the fact that we have not and that we have respon-sibly made sure that close to $600 mil-lion is used right now. We have asked the questions of what we need to go forward. I know the Ap-propriations Committee is continuing to work on that. We have the appro-priations process going through, and that will probably be the ideal time to deal with it and anything going any further because we would have the questions answered and the ability to fund it. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comments. Let me make a couple of observa-tions. I hear there is some discussion about the appropriations process. As the gen-tleman well knows, the appropriations process hasn’t done too well lately. Forgetting about who is to blame or who is not to blame, the appropriations process, essentially, has not worked, as the gentleman knows. Of course, last year, as we had done the year before, we passed an omnibus and didn’t pass the appropriations bills. My view is we have an emergency. It is doubtful that appropriations bills are going to get done in time. My own supposition is we are going to have a CR in September. We have, really, 40 days left between now, I think, and the August break of legislative days. It is going to be prob-lematic, at best, to get appropriations bills done by October 1, much less to respond to an emergency, which is why we believe that a supplemental, really, is called for. We have two emergencies that are ongoing and a third in Flint, Michigan, and we believe that we ought to re-spond to those long before the possi-bility, much less the probability, of the appropriations bills passing this House, the Senate, and being signed by the President. Does the gentleman have any thoughts on that? Because, if you are contemplating an appropriations proc-ess, Mr. Leader, with all due respect, past history would tell us, over the last few years—again, forgetting about who is to blame for it—the appropriations process does not get done in a timely fashion. I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. As the gentleman knows, the Appro-priations Committee has already marked up three bills. The gentleman having served on Appropriations, he also understands that that is where you get a lot of questions answered, that that is where you get a lot of the good information from both sides of the aisle. There is close to $600 million for Zika right now. I have the same concern that you have. That is why I am telling the administration and the agencies that it would be very helpful if they would answer the questions needed. Where would this money go? There are so many from the perspective of: Is Ebola no longer a public health risk? You have $2 billion, unobligated, sit-ting in there that we could use. If we want to solve the Zika problem, I think we should all work together. I am looking for the administration to answer some questions. I think that is the most responsible way to go about solving this problem. I haven’t given up on the appropria-tions process. I think it is a perfect op-portunity, and I would think, for Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle, maybe it would give them a little incentive, in knowing the challenges that are out there for the American public, that this is the process that was created. And we could all have input. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.029 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1914 April 21, 2016 
One thing that we know, since this majority has taken over, is that we have an open process in appropriations as well; so, anybody can offer an amendment. I think that would be the best place to deal with this. I do have a very personal compassion in talking about water. I know the sit-uation that happened in Flint. I have lived with water problems in California for quite some time. For the last three Congresses, I have fought very hard to solve that for California. Unfortunately, the other Chamber has done nothing. I have kids in the Central Valley who do not have water, people who are on bottled water they bring in, people who have portable water, where they have to come in and bring the tanks. We have lived this for quite some time; so, you will find, on this side of the aisle, someone who is very compas-sionate about it and who wants to deal with that water issue at the same time as well. I think it would be appro-priate. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comments and for his concern, which I think is sincere, about Cali-fornia. Let me say to him that I would cer-tainly be open on this side of the aisle, as, I am sure, my Members would be, to working with him to address those issues. It is not a question of Flint, per se, but it is a question of some 6,000 to 9,000 children who have been exposed immediately, and it is an emergency now as they are not able to drink the water; they are drinking bottled water. My point is not that we ought not to address problems in California or, very frankly, in Maryland or in Ohio or in Florida or wherever else they may occur in league with the States and municipalities. Obviously, this is a partnership, not just our responsi-bility. b1145 I would again reiterate, Zika and Ebola are both emergencies that need to be dealt with now. I think the gen-tleman is absolutely correct that we ought to know how much is needed, how it is going to be spent, and what effect it will have. I will tell you that one of my mem-bers in the whip meeting this morning, Mr. Leader, said that her under-standing from her local health depart-ment was that their efforts with re-spect to Ebola and other infectious dis-eases are being adversely affected by the fact that that $589 million, which didn’t just come out of the air, was transferred, as you pointed out and as I pointed out, to the Zika response. It was money that was—not obligated— planned to be spent in communities and in other areas to effect a solution to the challenge that confronts us. So it is not just as if that $589 mil-lion didn’t have a purpose when we originally appropriated it. The gen-tleman supported it and I support it, so we allocated that money. I know the Appropriations Committee supported it. And I presume, as the gentleman points out, they had hearings to know exactly the answers to the questions. But we will work with you on getting answers to those questions from the administration. We would urge that, within the next few weeks, we have a supplemental on the floor, having those questions an-swered and being confident that the money is going to be spent, but know-ing full well that people’s health is at risk in this country. We have an empa-thy and a concern about that and want to respond to it. So I would hope that we could move it before the appropria-tions process because I think, unfortu-nately, the experience is, under all the parties that have been in control of this House over the years, that some-times it happens slower than this emergency requires. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 2016, TO MONDAY, APRIL 25, 2016 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, April 25, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
ATKO ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KENNETH KANE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Kenneth Kane of Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, who will be honored at a banquet tomorrow night in State College, Pennsylvania, as an outstanding alumnus of the Penn State University School of Forest Re-sources. I have long been impressed by Ken’s broad knowledge on forestry policy and regarding our Commonwealth’s forests. Kenneth served in a variety of posi-tions for forestry organizations, includ-ing as chairman of the Allegheny Soci-ety of American Foresters, chairman of the Penn Chapter Association of Con-sulting Foresters, northeast regional director of the Association of Con-sulting Foresters of America, and as an adviser to various State-level planning committees, including the Pennsyl-vania Game Commission and the Penn-sylvania Joint Legislative Task Force. When I am looking to draw on exper-tise regarding Pennsylvania’s forests, including the Allegheny National For-est, Ken Kane is one of the first people I turn to. In addition to that, I am proud to call him my friend. I congratulate him on this honor, and I look forward to his future work on forestry policy. f 
NUCLEAR FORCES BUDGET (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to the rising cost of our Na-tion’s nuclear forces budget. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that between 2015 and 2024, the administration’s plans for nuclear forces will cost us about $348 billion. That is about $35 billion a year on our nuclear enterprise. According to the CBO, this is about 5 to 6 percent of the total cost of the administration’s plans for our national defense for the next 10 years. Next week, the House Armed Serv-ices Committee will mark up the fiscal year 2017 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, our military bill, if you will. One of my main priorities in the committee has been to reduce our Na-tion’s nuclear weapons spending and to reduce our nuclear stockpile. Unfortu-nately, year after year, the Congress authorizes funding for more weapons while capping the funding that we use to dismantle nuclear weapons. I think it is a far safer world without these nu-clear weapons. Mr. Speaker, rather than spend on the legacy of the cold war, we should be investing in our most important military asset: our men and our women in uniform. 
f 
EARTH DAY (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Earth Day. As an Eagle Scout and a Scoutmaster for many years, I know firsthand why we must all work to strengthen con-servation programs and other policies that promote public health, protect our environment, and keep our air and wa-terways clean. I care deeply about pro-tecting our environment, and I am committed to preserving the outdoors. The 10th Congressional District of Il-linois borders one of the Nation’s greatest treasures, Lake Michigan, which provides miles of beaches, nat-ural habitat, recreation for millions across the Midwest, and drinking water to millions of Americans. That is why I am a strong supporter of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and a co-sponsor of legislation to ensure that this vital program is reauthorized and funded at robust levels. I have also introduced the Great Lakes Water Protection Act, which will stop sewage dumping in the Great Lakes and provide clean water for fu-ture generations. In commemoration of Earth Day, I encourage all of my colleagues to join 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.030 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1915 April 21, 2016 
me and to take some time to appre-ciate the natural beauty of their com-munities and to work together to pre-serve our environment for future gen-erations. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HARRIET TUBMAN $20 BILL (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, yesterday Secretary of the Treasury Lew an-nounced that for the first time U.S. paper currency will feature portraits of great American women. I am very proud that a Maryland native, an aboli-tion hero, Harriet Tubman, was se-lected to be the new face on the $20 bill. Born into slavery on Maryland’s eastern shore, she escaped to freedom but returned to rescue her family mem-bers. It was dangerous and could easily have cost Tubman her life or her free-dom. After rescuing her family, she kept coming back for others who sought freedom, using the alias, Moses. How appropriate. She brought dozens of peo-ple out of slavery, never once losing a passenger on her Underground Railroad route. During the Civil War, she was an agent for the Union. In the decades fol-lowing the war, she was active in the movement for women’s suffrage. I can think of no one more suited to be honored with a portrait on the $20 bill. I am also pleased that other women will be featured on our cur-rency. 
f 
SAN JACINTO DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in the marshy plains where the San Jacinto River meets Buffalo Bayou, now near Houston, General Sam Hous-ton and his volunteer Army of Texians—men from most States and several countries, including Mexico, England, and Germany—faced the in-vading army under dictator Santa Anna of Mexico. Texas was fighting for independence from Mexico because Mexico had abolished its democracy and became an oppressive dictatorship. It was the afternoon of April 21, 1836—180 years ago today. The Texian volunteers, although outnumbered 2–1, caught the enemy literally by surprise. On that hot afternoon, General Sam, with his Tejano Cavalry protecting the flank, charged the invaders with the battle cry: Remember the Alamo. Re-member Goliad. In 18 minutes, the battle was over. Half of the enemy were killed, and the other half were captured. On that day, Texas gained freedom and independ-ence. Sam Houston became President of the Republic of Texas. Texas was an independent country for 9 years and then joined the United States. Mr. Speaker, our past has allowed us to have today’s freedom. We thank those Texian freedom fighters, on April 21, 1836, San Jacinto Day, for their bold sacrifices, for choosing freedom over tyranny and creating Texas. And that is just the way it is. f 
HOUSTON FLOOD VICTIMS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, just a few days ago in Harris County, in Houston, and in my congressional dis-trict and many other places, again, the State of Texas experienced a terrible rain. It was not a hurricane and it was not a tornado, but it was a downpouring of 20 inches-plus of rain. Our bayous overran, people were stand-ing on furniture, babies had to be res-cued, and people died. Today, I want to call the names of seven people who died untimely in this terrible, terrible storm. Next week, I will ask my colleagues to stand with me for a minute of silence, but I want-ed in this week to call their names. They were mothers and fathers, truck drivers, mechanical engineers, teach-ers. They were Americans, they were Houstonians, they were Texans, and, unfortunately, they died. The government must work better to ensure that there are flashing lights on underpasses and toward many other so-lutions. We look forward to the dec-laration of disaster to help the people remaining. My sympathy to their families: Ger-man Antonio Franco, Claudia Melgar, Sunita Vikas Malhara, Pedro Rascon Morales, Charles Edward Odom, Suresh Kumar Talluri, Teri White Rodriguez. Mr. Speaker, may they rest in piece. God bless their families in this terrible, terrible time. 
f 
RELIGIOUS MINORITIES IN BANGLADESH (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, in Ban-gladesh, the horrendous, brutal street assassinations of members of minority religions, secularists, and atheists vio-late every single value that we hold dear. Just 2 weeks ago, 28-year-old Nazimuddin Samad was hacked to death in Dhaka, Bangladesh, after speaking out against the persecution of religious minorities on social media. Evelyn Beatrice Hall, the late British author, wrote: ‘‘I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.’’ In Bangladesh, discrimination and deadly violence against atheists, secularists, Hindus, Buddhists, and other religious minorities have unfor-tunately become a regular occurrence. This underscores the absolute neces-sity of not only defeating this global wave of intolerance, but standing up and fighting for the right of others to freely express their views regardless of whether you agree with those views or not. I introduced H. Res. 396 to call on the Government of Bangladesh to protect the rights of all of its religious minori-ties, including Christians, Hindus, atheists, and others. They have a re-sponsibility to uphold the principles of its secular constitution, including free-dom of religion and freedom of expres-sion, and take action against this senseless violence. I encourage my colleagues to take action and support this resolution’s passage. f 
REPUBLIC OF GEORGIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. R
USSELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, in Octo-ber of this year, the Republic of Geor-gia will hold elections. More than just an election to determine its national leadership, this election will likely de-termine whether the Republic of Geor-gia remains a semi-free country that will continue on a path to self-deter-mination or whether it will succumb to corruption, Russian oligarch influence, and Russian domination. Georgia has a long history of fighting to protect its identity against evil ty-rants, bullying neighbors, corrupted of-ficials, and outright invasion. A small but important nation with its distinct language and people, Georgian terri-tory forms a vital land bridge between Eastern Europe and West Asia that is nestled on the Black Sea. With the ex-ception of her neighbor Armenia, much of her history has been fighting for sur-vival against her neighbors wanting to force her into Russian, Turkish, or Per-sian domination. Since Georgia’s reassertion of inde-pendence from her Russian masters in 1991, her struggle has not been easy. Balanced between a crumbling Soviet Union and internal unrest, Georgia emerged from several years of civil strife to defend her independence. Georgia saw her first President, Zviad Gamsakhurdia, ousted by Russian- backed leaders, such as Eduard Shevardnadze. During attempts to re-store elected government, President Gamsakhurdia later would lose his life in still mysterious circumstances. After a period of domination by Rus-sian-backed forces and political lead-ers, the nascent Republic of Georgia strove for great reforms in the Rose Revolution of 2003, finally breaking her chains and setting a path toward self- determination. The United States and the international community embraced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.032 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1916 April 21, 2016 
this effort, and global monitors af-firmed the legitimate vote of the peo-ple that exposed the corruption of the election results. b1200 Shevardnadze’s government at-tempted to ignore the true results, but the Georgian people had a different plan and peacefully forced Shevardnadze to succumb to the will of the people as they stormed the par-liament with roses. It was one of the most inspirational episodes of freedom in world history. Since then, Georgia has enjoyed a pe-riod of self-determination, Western en-gagement, human rights improve-ments, and trade. This has not been without cost. Separatists in the Geor-gian districts of Ossetia and Abkhazia, encouraged by Moscow, cast the Repub-lic of Georgia into turmoil. Russia used this unrest as pretext to invade Geor-gia and still occupies these territories while denouncing earlier agreements to close Russian bases on Georgia’s Black Sea coast. Still, President Mikheil Saakashvili was able to take his rightful place as the duly elected President of Georgia, and his reforms brought Georgia from a backward status in the world to a much improved financial structure, with marked increases in economic growth and foreign investment. For all of Georgia’s struggles, for all of her self-determination, outside neighbors once again are vying to make Georgia subservient to their wishes. Russia has been stung by free peoples in independent states that she once dominated in the Soviet era that now choose instead to preserve their language, culture, history, and restore their freedom. Russia, for its part, has done every-thing in its power to force these peo-ples back into a serf status. Whether in Crimea, Ukraine, the Baltic States, or Georgia, the pattern has been the same. Russia’s playbook starts with flood-ing opposition groups with cash from oligarchs loyal to Moscow. Separatists are courted in areas with some Russian ethnicity and then encouraged to fo-ment division against these struggling republics, demanding their rights for Russian peoples in these territories. Russia then aids militias to create violence that strains the local political and law enforcement structure, causing the people living there to wish for any-thing—even the bad old days—to some-how restore order. Then national political parties are infiltrated and flushed with oligarch cash and promises of power as they convert legitimate parliaments into calls for pro-Moscow governance that, in essence, become nothing more than the old Soviet Socialist structure ruled by Moscow. In Georgia, it has been no different. Despite Georgia casting off outside in-vaders and attempting to push off the chains of Russia in the early 1800s or in 1918 or in 1991, Russia somehow feels it is her right to treat Georgians as a sub-class of human beings that only exist to serve the interests of Moscow and her territory should only merely be a transitway for Russian interests. After the successful removal of Rus-sian chains in the Rose Revolution in 2003, Russia has continually bullied Georgia’s political system, fomented unrest in Abkhazia and Ossetia, in-vaded Georgia, and violated her agree-ment to withdraw from bases in Geor-gian territory. Amazingly, through all of this, Georgia has remained resolute. So, in classic form, Russia has moved to infiltrate the political process in the hopes of creating its own pro-Moscow government in the Georgian capital to hand them everything on a silver polit-ical platter. Chief among the funding efforts and political infiltration is oligarch Bidzina Ivanishvili, a close ally of Vladimir Putin. The aim is to rig votes along the same lines as was attempted in 2003 by buying votes, punishing po-litical opponents, using Georgia’s own administrative and political resources to influence the elections while using Georgian special forces to influence the outcomes. Combined with the full privatization of the election commissions, who one source estimates is now 98 percent con-trolled by Ivanishvili, the Georgian people face an alarming prospect in their right to free elections in October of this year. Faced with such bullying, the Geor-gian people are looking to the world for support. It is somehow fitting, Mr. Speaker, that this Saturday marks St. George’s Day in world history. St. George, the Christian martyr and mythical slayer of dragons, is the namesake from whom the country of Georgia takes its name, according to some legends. The Georgian people are willing to slay this political dragon and stand for their freedom as they have before, but they need our help. We can ignore their pleas—after all, most Americans don’t even know where Georgia is on the map—or we can give them a megaphone to shout their message, and the message is this: They wish to remain free. Here are some simple steps that we, in our country, can take: We call on the President of the United States to assist in monitoring of this fall’s elec-tion processes in Georgia, as we once assisted them in the pivotal 2003 elec-tions. We call upon the Georgian electoral commissions to be restored to rep-resentative membership to counter the private buyout being conducted by Moscow and their proxy, oligarch Bidzina Ivanishvili. We call upon the United States De-partment of Treasury and Western banks to freeze the assets of Ivanishvili for violations as an illegal arms trader. We call upon the State Department to flag Georgian officials and business leaders who are discovered to be complicit in tampering with free elec-tions to have their visas revoked and their assets frozen. We also call upon Western journalists in our free press to give the Georgian people a chance to have their story heard by investigating and covering the remaining few months of what could be the last free months of a Re-public of Georgia. Finally, we call upon the self-deter-mined, free, and resolute people of Georgia to stand in the spirit of St. George. Hold your head high, grasp the lance, and pierce the attacking dragon. You have been threatened before. By your commitment, as in 2003, you can show the world again that freedom will not succumb to corruption and intimida-tion. The people of Georgia should also know the God of the universe does not slumber. We, the people of the United States, join with the people of Georgia in our prayers for your freedom. Mr. Speaker, I yield back my time. 
f 
THE WEEK IN REVIEW The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for the re-mainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I so much appreciate my colleague and friend talking about the Georgia elec-tion. We should be encouraging fair elections everywhere and, when they are not fair, calling those to account. Not that we are the policemen of the world, but it becomes so much more unfortunate when you have a nation like Egypt that gets pushed into elec-tions before they are ready, the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country, as in Egypt when Morsi became President. He began shredding the Constitution and taking more and more power as it happened in Venezuela with Chavez and other countries. He had taken a lesson: This is the way you do it. You get elected, and then you start seizing more and more power. To the credit of the Egyptian people, their story in recent years is the great-est peaceful uprising in the history of the world. It wasn’t entirely peaceful because of the violence of the Muslim Brotherhood. They want a world caliphate, and they want to start with something re-sembling the old Ottoman Empire, that caliphate that came around North Afri-ca and on around the Mediterranean, and they need Egypt in order to make the beginning of the caliphate work. And so they were quite happy when radical Islam, Muslim Brotherhood, took over Egypt through Morsi. But when the Egyptian people, a third of the population, basically—30 million or so of the 90 million there in the nation of Egypt—rose up together, yes, you had Muslims marching with Christians. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.033 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1917 April 21, 2016 
The Coptic Christian Pope himself has told me more than once how mov-ing it was to have Muslims and Chris-tians and Jews and secularists walking together through the streets in Egypt demanding an end to radical Islamic control, demanding that the President, who was constantly violating the Con-stitution, be removed. The Coptic Pope told me that it was moving when Muslims, who just want-ed peace in Egypt—they didn’t want radical Islamic control—would come up to him and apologize for the way that Morsi and the Muslim Brotherhood and radical Islamists were acting. And, yes, among Muslims, they are able to recognize that there is a part of Islam—the radical Islamists—that they don’t like, but it is a part of Islam. When the administration in this country tells the world that there is no such thing as radical Islam, then they are demeaning and degrading those courageous Muslims who stand up and say: We need to stop radical Islam within Muslims, within the Islamic movement. They actually do damage to the people who want to live in peace. So we are grateful to the people of Egypt for stopping the caliphate before it could be really set in concrete around North Africa and, of course, Syria, all the way around. They want to get back to the old Ottoman Empire and spread and cover the world under the caliphate. It is really most interesting. We have a President who went to elementary school in Muslim school and was trained in Islam in elementary school, and that is the main part of his train-ing on Islam. Because, as we know, he sat under Jeremiah Wright’s teaching in church for 20 years or so. So the basic teaching on Islam was in elementary school, whereas there is the ultimate world expert on what is or is not Islam that most of the world rec-ognizes. They don’t down the street here, down Pennsylvania Avenue. They don’t at the State Department under Sec-retary Kerry. But most of the world recognizes that a man who got degrees, including his doctor of philosophy, his Ph.D., in Islamic studies from the Uni-versity of Baghdad, is an expert on Islam. He says radical Islam is Islam. He didn’t just get a little elementary school training on Islam. He studied Islam his whole life, has a Ph.D. in Is-lamic studies, and has continued to pour himself into study of the Koran, and he happens to be the head of the Is-lamic State. b1215 It would seem that if somebody who spent his life studying—rather than just studying Islam in elementary school—says the Islamic State is truly Islam, perhaps the so-called experts in our State Department and our White House ought to listen to that and take notice as well that perhaps maybe it is not as they have been saying, that it is not Islam. It is Islam, but it is a part of Islam, the radical Islamists, and we should be standing against it. So, again, the Iran treaty clearly is a treaty. It needs to be called for what it is: a treaty. And we need to have peo-ple in the Senate with courage to step up and say we need a vote on the Iran treaty, because it is a treaty. The Corker bill doesn’t apply because it is a treaty. Take the vote. Two-thirds will not vote for it. It will not be con-firmed. Then we can call the Iran trea-ty at an end, because it never was prop-erly agreed to. But in the meantime, since this ad-ministration put so much of what credibility it has on the table and at risk by backing the Iran deal, Iran—it may be the run-in leaders, their radical Islamic leaders, want to take over the world. They may be crazy in that re-gard, they may be power crazy in that regard, but they are very intelligent. You can be crazy and still be highly in-telligent. That is how you can be crazy enough to fly a plane into a building and kill thousands of innocent people, but you are intelligent enough to have your engineers look at the plans and figure out what kind of load it would take to bring down a building like the World Trade Center. An article by Joel Pollak from last year—this is last year—and he says: ‘‘In his State of the Union address’’ last year, ‘‘President Barack Obama claimed: ‘Our diplomacy is at work with respect to Iran, where, for the first time in a decade, we’ve halted the progress of its nuclear program and re-duced its stockpile of nuclear material. Between now and this spring, we have a chance to negotiate a comprehensive agreement that prevents a nuclear- armed Iran; secures America and our allies, including Israel; while avoiding yet another Middle East conflict.’’’ Mr. Pollak’s article says: ‘‘None of that is true. The chances of an agree-ment have dropped sharply, and even the most optimistic analysts do not ex-pect a deal that ‘prevents a nuclear- armed Iran,’ but only one that puts nu-clear ‘breakout’ out of reach for a while. Most important of all, we have not ‘halted the progress’ of Iran’s nu-clear program. Earlier this month, the Tehran regime announced that it was building two new reactors, and is thought to be behind a suspected facil-ity planned in Syria as well. ‘‘In a lengthy essay in Commentary magazine, the invaluable Omri Ceren summarizes the history of President Obama’s appeasement of the Iranian’s, from the first failed ‘suckers deal,’ as the French called it, through the new veto threats against congressional sanctions. ‘‘The scale of the Obama administra-tion’s incompetence is simply daunting. Far from rallying inter-national unity against Iran, President Obama has destroyed it by giving away global demands decades in the making. ‘‘Suddenly, the reason for . . . invita-tion to Israeli Prime Minister Ben-jamin Netanyahu to Congress—without consultation from the White House— becomes clear . . . it is not the pro- Israel nature of Congress that drove the Bibi’’—Netanyahu—‘‘invitation. It is the fact that Obama’’— Well, it says he misrepresented things, but that is this article. But it goes on to point out that ‘‘there at least five ways in which Iran has explicitly violated the interim agreement’’ and spells those out. This is over a year old. They have never stopped violating the agree-ment—not the interim agreement— they were violating it, the executive agreement that this President entered with Iran. They so much sank their reputation into the Iran treaty that has not been ratified that these constant violations by Iran have the administration de-fending Iran, sending them money, cov-ering for Iran, making excuses for Iran. This article was from less than a year ago by Cory Bennett from The Hill: ‘‘A diplomatic deal with Iran to limit its nuclear program could inad-vertently jumpstart the country’s cyber warfare efforts. ‘‘Experts say Tehran might use the economic sanctions relief from the nu-clear pact to buttress its growing cyber program, which has already infiltrated critical networks in over a dozen coun-tries, including the U.S.’’ So the article goes on to point out: ‘‘We are in a lose-lose situation.’’ It is clear to most of us that the Ira-nian agreement was a huge mistake. They are the largest state supporters of terrorism in the world, and this ad-ministration is ongoing right now in giving billions and billions of dollars. And though the Iranian leaders have lied about so many things, when they say that the money that President Obama gives to them, which they don’t currently have—the $100 billion to $150 billion in the first year, perhaps $100 billion or so each year after that; it re-mains to be seen—their Iranian leaders say: 
We are going to be able to fund more ter-rorist organizations. 
That is a statement we should take seriously. That is something that we should believe when they tell us these things. So the President is giving them the money. This article says this week that, of the $3 billion that was recently provided to Iran, this administration can’t really tell if they have used it to support additional terrorism or not. But this article that was written in May of last year that the Iran deal could help fund Iran’s cyber war, I bring that up now—it is from May 10 of last year from Mr. Bennett—because it was just in the last 4 or 5 months that John Hayward wrote the article: ‘‘Iran Hacks State Department Social Media Accounts.’’ We know they have hacked a New York dam Web site. They have explored defenses of the United States Govern-ment’s Internet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.035 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1918 April 21, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, it is interesting to look back and see that, wow, in May of last year, there were reporters that were warning that this deal with Iran may help them in their cyber warfare against us greater than we even know. Then we find out that this administra-tion put a hold on charges against the Iranians that hacked into our govern-ment system until after the deal was made so that people didn’t raise more of a fuss to try to stop the Iranian trea-ty. Well, it is still not too late. The Sen-ate could go ahead and take a vote. We know that H
ARRY REIDhad said: 
Gee, there are some low-level confirma-tions that are so important to the country, we are going to set aside the cloture rule. It only takes 51 votes to do that. 
Mr. Speaker, I would submit that this Iranian treaty—I keep saying it because it is so critical to the world and to any chance at a semblance of world peace—has to be stopped because it is enriching the largest supporter of terrorism in the world. The Iranian leaders have made clear to the Iranian people that they have no intention of being bound by any agree-ment with President Obama, John Kerry, or the people here in the U.S. They are still going to do what they want to. So all the Senate has to do is take a vote—51 votes; there are plenty of Re-publicans to do that—and they might just get some Democrats that are too afraid to be seen as supportive of Iran and this nuclear deal that they may get some Democrat votes. Vote with 51 votes to set aside the cloture rule so you can bring treaty to the floor, have a vote on confirmation—it won’t get the two-thirds—and then you would have all kinds of people that should have standing to go into Federal court and put a stop to the billions of dollars that this administration is releasing il-legally to Iran. That is, funding—this administration says they know not what—it could be terrorism, they are not sure. I would submit they would— Iran would be supporting terrorism. But here are five things that the arti-cle pointed out that they were—even a year ago—breaking the interim agree-ment: ‘‘Trying to buy equipment for plutonium reactor at Arak, breaking commitment to suspend work. The Obama administration actually com-plained about the purchases to the U.N. Security Council, even as it told the world that Iran had ‘lived up to its end of the bargain.’’’ They are ‘‘feeding uranium hexafluoride gas into a plant where it had agreed to suspend nuclear enrich-ment. The Institute for Science and International Security noted that Iran had begun enrichment at the Pilot Fuel Enrichment Plant at Natanz. It notified the Obama administration, which complained to the Iranians, which then claimed to have stop the enrichment activity.’’ Three: ‘‘Withholding camera footage of nuclear facilities, defying the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency. A leading International Atomic Energy Agency official recently said the agen-cy was ‘not in a position to provide credible assurance about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and ac-tivities in Iran’ . . . The interim deal was to provide surveillance footage of Iranian nuclear facilities, but Iran has only provided would what it wants to reveal.’’ And that is consistent with what STEVE KINGand I and a couple of other Members were told by the IAEA inspec-tors who were in charge of inspecting Iran, that they can only go by what they are given. They are not given ac-cess to military facilities. They are not being given this footage. I am very proud to yield to my dear friend from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ), a proud graduate of MIT on the floor. Mr. MASSIE. I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding to me. This is a very interesting topic that you are speaking on, and I have never had the chance on the floor to explain my feelings on this vote nor the reason why I voted as I did on the Iran bill. So I appreciate the opportunity to say a little bit about this. Mr. Speaker, it is my understanding that the gentleman from Texas is basi-cally qualifying the Iran deal as a trea-ty, and I agree with that position. In fact, I believe I was the only Congress-man to vote ‘‘present’’ on that bill. And the reason that I did vote ‘‘present’’—I just wanted a chance to clarify this—is that I felt that it was a treaty. I know a lot of us felt that way and we had different ways of dealing with that vote, but I voted ‘‘present’’ to in-dicate it was a treaty and that it really shouldn’t have even been here in the House of Representatives. b1230 According to the Constitution, only the Senate shall agree to the treaties, and not the House. We shouldn’t really have a say in that. So I just wanted the opportunity, and I appreciate the gen-tleman from Texas giving me this op-portunity, to explain the reason that I voted ‘‘present.’’ I think it was only the second time since I have been in Congress, and it was for a constitu-tional reason. I felt strongly that was a treaty. I thank the gentleman from Texas for this opportunity. Mr. GOHMERT. If the gentleman would hang on for a moment, I voted for the bill, but I did not feel like it adequately dealt with the issue that my friend from Kentucky raised, but I completely respect that position. Since the gentleman from Kentucky and I have had a lot of discussions about Iran and the Iranian treaty and his feelings, I have always felt that his vote, ‘‘present,’’ made eminent sense, was consistent with our position. Really, the vote on what we took didn’t really matter so much as the point that the gentleman has just made. This is a treaty. The Senate needs to vote on it. Our vote, though nice, was not particularly relevant to the fact that it is a treaty. I would like to ask, if the gentleman would yield for a question, because I saw that there was a handsome young man in a blue shirt that came in with him, and wondered if he might identify who has accompanied him onto the floor. Mr. MASSIE. As the gentleman from Texas knows, we are allowed to bring younger constituents and visitors, and we have a visitor from Kentucky; that is true. His name is Joe. Mr. GOHMERT. I thought perhaps he might be from Kentucky. Mr. MASSIE. His name is Joe. Mr. GOHMERT. That is wonderful. He looks quite comfortable here on the floor, looks like he would be a good fit some day. I thank my friend for making that point. The vote that we took last year pointed out that the Iranians had not complied; the administration had not complied, as I recall, with the require-ments to provide proper information. But the gentleman from Kentucky is exactly right. The real issue was a vote in the Senate on it being a treaty. The Senate has not yet voted on the Ira-nian treaty as a treaty, and if they would do that, when it didn’t get the two-thirds votes, then we could stop the outrage of sending billions of dol-lars to a country that has a massive amount of American, precious Amer-ican blood on its hands because of the way in which they have funded ter-rorism. They were the largest provider of IEDs when Americans were fighting for Muslim freedom in Iraq, and yet Iran continued to build and furnish IEDs. It needs to be dealt with. People are suf-fering in the world. Mr. Speaker, I mentioned Egypt, and what a great day for world history when a third of the population rose up, 30 million people that had never risen up in the history of the world, in peace-ful demonstration, despite the Muslim Brotherhood’s violence to try to make it appear otherwise. They had never risen up like those people did in Egypt. They are to be commended. I would humbly submit that if this administration would help Egypt and be the friend to Egypt that it is being in helping Iran and providing money to Iran, then the world would be a far bet-ter place than it is with all the help that this administration is providing to Iran. There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that the ultimate result of the Clinton, Wendy Sherman deal with North Korea, in which, in essence, the Clinton administration says: Hey, we will give you nuclear—we will let you have nuclear power. We will give you what you need to have if you will just sign and say you won’t ever use it to develop nukes. And then, big shocker for some in the Democratic administration—it wasn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.036 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1919 April 21, 2016 
to most of us that were watching from afar in different places in the United States—North Korea lied. They did use what we provided to create nuclear weapons, and now the world is a much less safe place. So I have no doubt that someday, maybe, some Iranian will kill me; but somebody will be here on the floor, if the Capitol still exists, and will point out that this deal that Obama and Kerry and Wendy Sherman did with Iran, in allowing them to move forward with nuclear activity, providing them with $100 billion or so to start off, hun-dreds of billions in the future, that they ended up lying when they said they agreed, initially, to the agree-ment—even though they have said pub-licly: We are not going to abide by it— that they ended up using results from the Obama administration’s treaty to develop nuclear weapons, and that, just like the Clinton-Albright-Sherman deal with North Korea, the Obama- Kerry-Sherman deal with Iran has re-sulted in Iran having nukes sooner than they would have otherwise, de-spite the promises previously by the Obama administration to prevent Iran from having nukes. Actually, they helped them get the nukes. 
NORTH CAROLINA ’S PASSAGE OF HOUSE BILL 2  
Mr. GOHMERT. I want to turn to one other subject that has been very con-troversial—North Carolina has gotten a bad rap—and this article from ABC News, ‘‘North Carolina’s Controversial ‘Anti-LGBT’ Bill Explained.’’ The article says: ‘‘Several civil rights groups and LGBTQ advocates are orga-nizing a rally tonight in Raleigh’’—this is from March 24 of this year—‘‘North Carolina, to protest the State’s con-troversial passage of its House Bill 2, which critics have called ‘the most anti-LGBT bill in the country.’’’ The article says: ‘‘Here’s everything you need to know about the bill, also known as The Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act, which was signed into law by Governor Pat McCrory on Wednesday. ‘‘What does it do? ‘‘House Bill 2 declares that State law overrides all local ordinances con-cerning wages, employment, and public accommodations.’’ ‘‘Thus, the law now bars local mu-nicipalities from creating their own rules prohibiting discrimination in public places based on sexual orienta-tion and gender identity. Though North Carolina does have a statewide nondiscrimination law, it does not in-clude specific protections for LGBTQ people.’’ We keep adding letters, you know. We kept adding letters until we got to LGBT, and now we have added Q. ‘‘The law also directs all public schools, government agencies, and pub-lic college campuses to require that multiple-occupancy bathrooms and changing facilities, such as locker rooms, be designated for use only by people based on their ‘biological sex’ stated on their birth certificate. Transgender people can use the bath-rooms and changing facilities that cor-respond to their gender identity only if they get the biological sex on their birth certificate changed.’’ ‘‘Under the law, public institutions can still offer single-occupancy facili-ties.’’ And nobody has a problem with that. If you have got a single bathroom facil-ity that has just got one facility for going to the bathroom, that is fine. It can be for whoever needs to use it. But they are saying, as has been con-sistent with the history of the world for most of the world’s existence, that if you, according to documentation, are a female, you use the female restroom when it is for multiple people’s use at the same time; and if, by documenta-tion, you are a male, you use the male facilities. It has really been shocking to see how many people, including singers and entertainers and different groups— I understand Target now wants to make sure that boys can use girls rest-rooms as they please. But it has been amazing that such people have been demanding that we have to let boys who want to go in lit-tle girls bathrooms go in there. If a man wants to go in a little girls bath-room, according to the big popular movement now, for heaven’s sake, let’s let the man go in the little girls bath-room. North Carolina has taken action con-sistent with the position of the world since the world began. If you are going to have a multiple-use restroom, nor-mally, you have a female go to a fe-male multiuse restroom, a male go to a male multiuse restroom. This article goes on. It says: ‘‘Repub-lican lawmakers, who make up the ma-jority of North Carolina’s General As-sembly, publicly unveiled the language of the bill Wednesday morning.’’ It goes on and talks about its pas-sage: ‘‘In less than 12 hours’’—I am talking about after its passage—‘‘the bill was approved by the house and sen-ate’’—or after it was brought forward, the bill was passed, signed by the Gov-ernor. 
Lawmakers in the House voted 83–25 to pass the bill. The Senate approved the bill, 32–0 after Democrats, who make up the mi-nority, walked out of the Chamber in pro-test. 
Obviously, they want men to go to little girls restrooms, too. ‘‘Republicans and allies supporting the bill argued that it was necessary to protect the safety of women and chil-dren from ‘radical’ action by Char-lotte.’’ ‘‘Critics of Charlotte’s ordinance said it could have allowed men who may be sexual offenders to enter a woman’s restroom or locker room by claiming a transgender identity.’’ Well, critics of the Charlotte ordi-nance is what the article says, but ac-tually, that is not just a claim; that is a fact. Under what North Carolina was ob-jecting to, if someone who is a sexual offender has decided he wants to go in and meddle in a little girls restroom where he has no business, people like the entertainer that doesn’t want to go to North Carolina, they are saying, by golly, you have got to let that man go in that little girls restroom. What has happened to the sense that used to be such a prominent part of this country? I mean, there was a very intelligent man on Fox News, Bill O’Reilly, who actually asked a lawyer on a panel with him on the show: So they passed this law. They don’t want men going into the women’s restroom, basically, was the crux of it, or boys going in where little girls go. He asked the question, actually: Who are they trying to protect? I couldn’t believe that we have come to the point where an intelligent per-son would have to ask such a stupid question. Whether you agree or dis-agree with what North Carolina did, whom they were trying to protect, it is almost rhetorical. Clearly, whether you agree or disagree, they were trying to protect the little girls. b1245 It is shocking that anybody would have to ask such a question: Gee, whom are they trying to protect by saying men can’t go into girls’ rest-rooms? Incredible. The outrage aimed at North Carolina has just been incred-ible. I see an article today by Ryan Lovelace from the Washington Exam-iner: Trump slams North Carolina bathroom law, says state should ‘‘leave it the way it is.’’ The way, apparently, Charlotte was going to have it was that men could go in little girls’ restrooms. Of course, sexual predators who are male, all they have to do is say they are transgender and they get to go in the little girls’ restrooms and wreak the havoc that made them a sexual predator. Whom are they trying to protect in North Carolina? They are trying to protect innocent kids who cannot pro-tect themselves. They count on adults to keep them from harm. It is incred-ible that people are outraged at North Carolina. Anyone who has children who are fe-male, do you really want men to say: I am transgender and get to go in where your little girl is going to the bath-room, where you can’t go because you are not transgender? You are the girl’s father. This article says ‘‘What Do Pro-ponents of the Bill Argue?’’ It says: ‘‘Republicans and allies supporting the bill argued that it was necessary to protect the safety of women and chil-dren from ‘radical’ action by Char-lotte.’’ ‘‘John Rustin, president of the North Carolina Family Policy Council, testi-fied before the Senate, saying that the Charlotte ordinance ‘means men could enter women restrooms and locker rooms—placing the privacy, safety, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.038 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1920 April 21, 2016 
dignity of women and the elderly at great risk.’’’ Parenthetically, I noticed an article in recent days, last week, that indi-cated that one of the leading colleges in pushing for transgender restrooms has had a problem—and it has come up a couple of times—where men would come in where women were showering, go into the restroom and use their cell phone, hold it up over the stall so they can film or take pictures of the female who was trying to have some privacy in a very personal act of showering or going to the bathroom. What is wrong with saying: Do you know what? When it comes to going to the restroom, females will go to fe-male, males will go to male, and, look, if you want to have a single facility for one person at a time to use or families to use to change diapers or whatever, those are really handy? Those are very helpful. My wife and I have used them ourselves raising girls. It is a handy thing to have. But why condemn North Carolina when they are just trying to protect the privacy of girls? It has already been shown that, if you give guys a chance to say: I am transgender, and I can get to go in and film a girl in a shower, there will be people that do that. Why not let the transgender LGBTQRST—whatever the initials are—let them have their activities where they don’t impose upon the pri-vacy of someone who wants to go to the restroom or shower without some-one from the opposite sex being there with them? Governor McCrory wrote this state-ment: ‘‘The basic expectation of pri-vacy in the most personal of settings, a restroom or locker room, for each gen-der was violated by government over-reach and intrusion by the mayor and city council of Charlotte . . . As a re-sult, I have signed legislation passed by a bipartisan majority to stop this breach of basic privacy and etiquette which was to go into effect April 1.’’ Mr. Speaker, I mentioned that I un-derstand Target may now be changing their restrooms. I will have to double- check because, if they are going to be having women come to men’s rest-rooms, I won’t be going to Target to shop unless and until that changes. Usually, Target is great. They have the restroom right there where you go in the door to the store, normally. You don’t have to go clear to the back of the store. It is a handy thing. If you have to go shopping, it is handy, but not anymore. Anybody that wants to go to the restroom and have privacy from the opposite sex may need to shop elsewhere. We will have to look at what they have actually done. Anyway, this article seems to make the point that it is not such a crazy thing that North Carolina has done, and that is why for 99.999 percent of human history, since civilization exists since we got past the caveman era, when there have been public restrooms, you recognize there is a difference be-tween males and females. Some day it will be written in the ‘‘Rise and Fall of the United States’’ that the greatest, freest, and most powerful country in the history of the world showed symptoms of insanity when it reached the pinnacle of its greatness and success—and this will be one of the symptoms that was written about—that they thought they were so much smarter than civilization for most of our history of the world that a difference was recognized between men and women for purposes of facilities. It is a sad day for the country. Now, I see this article from yesterday that Curt Schilling, an ESPN analyst, was fired over what they deemed as an offensive social media post. Here is what Schilling said: 
The post showed an overweight man wear-ing a wig and women’s clothing with parts of the T-shirt cut out to expose his chest. It says, ‘‘Let him into the restroom with your daughter or else you are a narrow-minded, judgmental, unloving racist bigot who needs to die.’’ 
Apparently, this kind of thing of-fends ESPN. Although at one time their job was covering sports, now their job is being social managers, ap-parently, in making sure that, if men want to go to little girls’ restrooms, then we let the men go to little girls’ restrooms. This article from yesterday talking about Target stores says: ‘‘Target says transgender customers may use the bathroom of the gender with which they identify.’’ How about that. Et tu, Target? So here we are at the place in our history where insanity in the name of political correctness rules the day, common sense is no longer common, and to the point that the current lead-er in the Republican campaign for President even says that North Caro-lina should not have taken action that, in essence, says men—which would in-clude sexual predators—should not be allowed to go in women’s restrooms. He wanted it left like it was. So if Charlotte wants to say that, if you are a man and you are a sexual predator and you say you are transgender and want to go into the restroom where little girls are, go ahead. That is the position of the leading Republican candidate? I don’t know. Hopefully, that will be another one of the positions he will change. But, in the meantime, we need to get common sense back in charge in Amer-ica while we are still the great country we have been. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). Members are reminded not to make reference to guests on the floor of the House. EXPENDITURES BY THE OFFICE OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRA -
TION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 21, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 676 of the 113th Congress, as continued by section 3(f)(2) of H. Res. 5 of the 114th Congress, I write with the following en-closure which is a statement of the aggre-gate amount expended on outside counsel and other experts on any civil action author-ized by H. Res. 676. Sincerely, C
ANDICE S. M ILLER , Chairman. 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT EXPENDED ON OUTSIDE COUNSEL OR OTHER EXPERTS 
[H. Res. 676] 
July 1–September 30, 2014 ..................................................... $0.00 October 1–December 31, 2014 ................................................ 42,875.00 January 1–March 31, 2015 ..................................................... 50,000.00 April 1, 2015–June 30, 2015 .................................................. 29,915.00 July 1–September 30, 2015 ..................................................... 21,000.00 October 1–December 31, 2015 ................................................ 45,707.67 January 1–March 31, 2016 ..................................................... 15,124.00 
Total ................................................................................ 204,664.34 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, April 25, 2016, at 11:30 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5103. A letter from the Acting Principal Deputy, Personnel and Readiness, Office of the Under Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘2013 Work-place and Equal Opportunity Survey of Ac-tive Duty Members: Overview Report’’, pur-suant to 10 U.S.C. 481(e); Public Law 103-337, Sec. 554(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 107-314, Sec. 561(a)(1)); (116 Stat. 2554); ; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 5104. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of Defense, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting additional legisla-tive proposals that the Department of De-fense requests be enacted during the second session of the 114th Congress; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 5105. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations; Morehouse Parish, Louisiana, and Incor-porated Areas [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002] received April 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5106. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Flood Insurance Program: Update To Address Information for Claims Appeals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.040 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1921 April 21, 2016 
[Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0009] (RIN: 1660-AA88) received April 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5107. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Report on the Feasibility of Mecha-nisms to Assist Providers in Comparing and Selecting Certified EHR Technology Prod-ucts’’, pursuant to Public Law 114-10, Sec. 106(b)(3)(B); (129 Stat. 140); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5108. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final determination — Energy Conservation Pro-gram for Consumer Products and Certain Commercial and Industrial Equipment: De-termination of Portable Air Conditioners as a Covered Consumer Product [Docket No.: EERE-2013-BT-STD-0033] (RIN: 1904-AD02) re-ceived April 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5109. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Federal Plan Requirements for Sewage Sludge Incineration Units Con-structed on or Before October 14, 2010 [EPA- HQ-OAR-2012-0319; FRL-9940-50-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AR77) received April 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5110. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Clari-fication of Requirements for Method 303 Cer-tification Training [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0492; FRL-9945-34-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AR97) received April 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5111. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final supplemental finding — Supple-mental Finding that it is Appropriate and Necessary to Regulate Hazardous Air Pollut-ants from Coal- and Oil-Fired Electric Util-ity Steam Generating Units [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2009-0234; FRL-9945-33-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS76) received April 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5112. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; State Board Requirements [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0127; FRL-9945-44-Region 3] received April 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5113. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, San Joaquin Valley Unified Air Pollution Control District [EPA-R09- OAR-2015-0751; FRL-9944-38-Region 9] re-ceived April 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5114. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Attainment Plan for the Lower Beaver Valley Nonattainment Area for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0112; FRL- 9945-45-Region 3] received April 20, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5115. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; AR; Redesignation of the Crittenden County, 2008 8-Hour Ozone Nonattainment Area to Attainment [EPA- R06-OAR-2015-0852; FRL-9945-40-Region 6] re-ceived April 20, 206, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5116. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Tennessee: Knox County VOC Limits Revi-sion for Permits [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0618; FRL-9945-22-Region 4] received April 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5117. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Plans; North Carolina; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2015- 0150; FRL-9945-62-Region 4] received April 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 5118. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; 2011 Base Year Inven-tories for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard for the Allen-town-Bethlehem-Easton, Lancaster, Pitts-burgh-Beaver Valley, and Reading Areas, and the Pennsylvania Portion of the Philadel-phia-Wilmingt on-Atlantic City Area [EPA- R03-OAR-2016-0002; FRL-9945-47-Region 3] re-ceived April 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5119. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2015, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2464; Public Law 93-618, Sec. 504 (as amended by Public Law 99-514, Sec. 1887(a)(6)) (100 Stat. 2923) and 22 U.S.C. 2304(b); Public Law 87-195, Sec. 502B(b) (as amended by Public Law 113-276, Sec. 208(b)(2)(A)); (128 Stat. 2993); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 5120. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 019, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(A); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 104-164, Sec. 141(c)); (110 Stat. 1431); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5121. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘U.S. Support for Taiwan’s Participation as an Observer at the 69th World Health Assembly and in the Work of the World Health Organization’’, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 290 note; Public Law 108-235, Sec. 1(c); (118 Stat. 658); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 5122. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a discontinuation of service in an acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5123. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy and a notification of a discontinuation of service in acting role and action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5124. A letter from the Chairman, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 5125. A letter from the Director, Office of Diversity Management and Equal Oppor-tunity, Personnel and Readiness, Office of the Under Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the FY 2015 No FEAR Act re-port, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 5126. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s Mill Creek Flood Risk Management Study, Nash-ville, Tennessee feasibility report and envi-ronmental assessment for March 2016 (H. Doc. No. 114—125); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and or-dered to be printed. 5127. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s Brazos Island Harbor, Texas Final Integrated Feasi-bility Report — Environmental Assessment for July 2014 (H. Doc. No. 114—126); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and ordered to be printed. 5128. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Announcement and Report Con-cerning Advance Pricing Agreements (An-nouncement 2016-12) received April 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5129. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2016-25] received April 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 5130. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Demonstrating Improvement in the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program: A Report to Congress March 2016’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 711(h)(4); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title V, Sec. 511(h)(4) (as added by Public Law 111-148, Sec. 2951); (124 Stat. 342); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 5131. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on the Implementation of Agreement between the United States and China on Science and Technology, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6901 note; Public Law 107-314, Sec. 1207(d); (116 Stat. 2666); jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Armed Serv-ices, and Science, Space, and Technology. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21AP7.000 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1922 April 21, 2016 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows. 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4698. A bill to enhance aviation by requiring airport security assessments and a security coordination enhancement plan, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–513). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3826. A bill to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to cer-tain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilder-ness in the State of Oregon; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–514). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 894. A bill to extend the authorization of the Highlands Conservation Act (Rept. 114–515, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 894 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 5017. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation, acting through the Mari-time Administrator, to release all remaining right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property in Rich-land, Washington, to the Port of Benton; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. L
EE, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 5018. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 to authorize Federal assist-ance to State adult protective services pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. C
AR-
NEY): H.R. 5019. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Mr. G
OWDY , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ): H.R. 5020. A bill to require the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service to sub-mit to Congress a report on the effects on public health of the increased rate of use of synthetic drugs; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 5021. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to follow rule-making procedures for costly Medicaid sub-regulatory policies; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. ASHFORD (for himself, Mr. GIBSON , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. B ERA, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. B
USTOS , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ): H.R. 5022. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to ensure dislocated workers are provided consultation and advice for starting a small business as part the rapid response activities for dis-located workers; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. J
UDY CHU of California, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 5023. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to address certain issues related to the extension of consumer credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself, Mr. W
ELCH , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. T EDLIEU of California): H.R. 5024. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to establish criminal penalties for know-ingly bypassing, defeating, or rendering in-operative air pollution control parts or com-ponents in motor vehicles, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 5025. A bill making supplemental ap-propriations for the Army Corps of Engineers for flood control projects and storm damage reduction projects in areas affected by flood-ing in the city of Houston, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appro-priations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 5026. A bill to direct the President to develop and submit to Congress a com-prehensive strategy to combat cybercrime, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NEUGEBAUER (for himself and Mr. S
ESSIONS ): H.R. 5027. A bill to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to adjust the circumstances under which Federal reserve bank stock is callable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. C
ONYERS ): H.R. 5028. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, as the ‘‘Mary Eleanora McCoy Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5029. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to clarify certain guarantee fees for loans repayable in 1 year or less; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 5030. A bill to authorize, direct, facili-tate, and expedite the transfer of administra-tive jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5031. A bill to enhance Federal re-sponse and preparedness with respect to Zika virus; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRAT (for himself and Mr. GOODLATTE ): H.R. 5032. A bill to allow certain property in the town of Louisa, Virginia, to be used for purposes related to compliance with water quality standards, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. R
USSELL ): H.R. 5033. A bill to improve the Govern-mentwide management of unnecessarily du-plicative Government programs and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. FORBES (for himself and Mr. C
ARTER of Texas): H.R. 5034. A bill to nullify any generalized, routine or ongoing reporting requirement imposed on a person licensed under section 923 of title 18, United States Code, that is based on the geographic location in which the licensee is located or on the sale of mul-tiple rifles or shotguns, or any specific type of rifle or shotgun, to the same person; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. L
AMBORN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. N
UGENT , Mr. O LSON , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. J
ONES , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): H.R. 5035. A bill to reauthorize the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Ms. M
CCOLLUM (for herself, Mr. P
ETERSON , and Mr. E LLISON ): H.R. 5036. A bill to clarify the application of spousal impoverishment protections for recipients of home and community-based services under Medicaid; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5037. A bill to authorize the establish-ment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employ-ees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 5038. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for economic re-covery in the territories; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 5039. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for economic re-covery in the possessions of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 5040. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase for 2 years the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.008 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1923 April 21, 2016 
residential energy credit and the investment tax credit with respect to solar property with a nameplate capacity of less than 20 kilowatts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5041. A bill to prohibit the National Science Foundation from conducting a study to determine which facets of social inter-action about politics are most stress induc-ing, for which kinds of people, and in which contexts; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 5042. A bill to require the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to be appointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 5043. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of Agriculture from implementing certain proposed rules on establishing criteria for imposition of fines under child nutrition pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H. Con. Res. 129. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to this goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. A
BRA-
HAM, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. H
ARPER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. K ELLY of Mis-sissippi, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa): H. Con. Res. 130. Concurrent resolution supporting the Association of American Vet-erinary Medical Colleges (AAVMC) and rec-ognizing 50 years of organized academic vet-erinary medicine in the United States; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CLEAVER (for himself and Mr. R
ICHMOND ): H. Res. 696. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing jazz heritage in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself and Mr. E
NGEL ): H. Res. 697. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the courageous work and life of Russian opposition leader Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov and renewing the call for a full and trans-parent investigation into the tragic murder of Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov in Moscow on February 27, 2015; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. A
MASH , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R
IBBLE , and Mr. B ABIN): H. Res. 698. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to re-quire the Committee on Appropriations to maintain proposed and historical budget au-thority and outlays for each category of spending; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Ms. L
EE, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H. Res. 699. A resolution promoting minor-ity health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2016, which includes bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Americans, African-Americans, Latino Americans, and Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. SCHRADER: H. Res. 700. A resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of Cascade Head Pre-serve, an Oregon natural icon; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. f MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
205. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Ten-nessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 70, urging the President and Congress to take immediate action to protect citizens and lawful residents from the consequences resulting from the uncontrolled influx of un-documented immigrants into this country; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 206. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nebraska, relative to Legisla-tive Resolution 381, notification that the Ne-braska Unicameral Legislature passed LR381, ratifying the Twenty-Seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 207. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 507, supporting a sustainable energy-abundance plan for Ten-nessee to meet future energy needs with af-fordable, abundant, and environmentally friendly energy; jointly to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology and En-ergy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 5017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Property Clause of Article IV, Section 3—The Congress shall have the Power to dis-pose of and make all needful rules and regu-lation respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8—to provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5019. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. JEFFRIES: H.R. 5020. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution (‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution . . . all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof’). By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 5021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. ASHFORD: H.R. 5022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution allows Congress to regu-late interstate commerce. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, is the nec-essary and proper clause, allowing Congress to enact all laws necessary and proper for executing any of their enumerated powers. By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 5023. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 5024. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5025. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority to enact this legislation can be found in: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 sec. 8 cl. 18) Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3) Appropriations Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 9 Cl. 7) By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 5026. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, which provides Con-gress the power ‘‘to . . . provide for the com-mon defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. NEUGEBAUER: H.R. 5027. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes’’ By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 5028. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To establish Post Offices and post Roads; By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5029. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 5030. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-stitution of the United States provides that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5031. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21AP7.100 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1924 April 21, 2016 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, The Com-merce Clause By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5032. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress purports to have power to estab-lish the underlying program as a ‘‘necessary and proper’’ (Article I, Section 8, Clause 18) power for exercising a wide variety of spend-ing programs under the ‘‘Power . . . to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States’’ (Article I, Section 8, Clause 1). If Congress has such a power, it may sub-sequently grant such exceptions as it also considers ‘‘necessary and proper.’’ By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5033. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States of America By Mr. FORBES: H.R. 5034. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 5035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 4, of the Con-stitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization.’’ The Supreme Court has long found that this provision of the Constitution grants Congress Plenary power over immi-gration policy. As the Court found in Galvan v. Press, 347 U.S. 522, 531 (1954) ‘‘ that the for-mulation of policies [pertaining to the entry of aliens and the right to remain here] is en-trusted to Congress has become about as firmly imbedded in the legislative and judi-cial tissues of our body politic as any aspect of our government.’’ By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: H.R. 5036. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 5038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, grants the federal gov-ernment of the United States its power of taxation. While authorizing Congress to levy taxes, this clause permits the levying of taxes for two purposes only: to pay the debts of the United States, and to provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. Taken together, these pur-poses have traditionally been held to imply and to constitute the federal government’s taxing and spending power. By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 5039. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, grants the federal gov-ernment of the United States its power of taxation. While authorizing Congress to levy taxes, this clause permits the levying of taxes for two purposes only: to pay the debts of the United States, and to provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. Taken together, these pur-poses have traditionally been held to imply and to constitute the federal government’s taxing and spending power. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 5040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 5042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Con-stitution of the United States; ‘‘the Congress may by Law vest the Ap-pointment of such inferior Officers, as they think proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of Depart-ments.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States; ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 5043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 183: Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 230: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 303: Mr. T
AKAI and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 346: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 556: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 557: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 664: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 923: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 952: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 980: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 1192: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 1312: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 1459: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1591: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 1602: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1608: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. N
ADLER , and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 1655: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 1688: Mr. B
UCHANAN and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 1717: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 1733: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 1814: Mr. A
SHFORD and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 1818: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 2083: Ms. M
ENGand Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 2103: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. C UM-
MINGS . H.R. 2148: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 2293: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 2430: Mr. T
AKAI, Ms. K USTER , Mr. K
IND, and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 2488: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 2656: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2694: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 2697: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2698: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 2713: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2737: Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 2799: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2817: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 2844: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2901: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 2920: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 2993: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3084: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 3119: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ERA, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 3222: Mr. B
UCSHON and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 3283: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3353: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 3381: Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. B LUM, and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3632: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 3691: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 3722: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 3781: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 3815: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 3832: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 3880: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 3882: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 4007: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 4062: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 4073: Mr. M
OOLENAAR and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 4165: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 4167: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 4177: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan and Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 4268: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4365: Mr. G
ARRETT and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 4447: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 4479: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. F
UDGE , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4480: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4499: Ms. D
ELAURO and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4514: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 4534: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 4535: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4539: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Mr. V
EASEY , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4594: Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4606: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4646: Mr. L
EVIN, Ms. M ENG, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. S CHIFF , Miss R ICEof New York, and Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 4658: Mr. P
ETERSON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.013 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1925 April 21, 2016 
H.R. 4673: Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4681: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4730: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, and Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 4773: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 4828: Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. F LORES , Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 4841: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 4848: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4869: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 4897: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4904: Mr. COSTA , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4907: Mr. M
ARCHANT and Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 4938: Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. F LORES , Mr. F
ORBES , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 4939: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4965: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4980: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4992: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5013: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan. H.J. Res. 88: Mrs. B
LACK . H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. C
ARNEY , Ms. K USTER , and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H. Con. Res. 97: Mrs. BLACK , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H
UELSKAMP , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H. Res. 14: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H. Res. 438: Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 451: Mr. H
OLDING . H. Res. 520: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 551: Mr. N
EAL. H. Res. 569: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H. Res. 631: Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 647: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Caro-lina. H. Res. 683: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H. Res. 691: Mr. H
ONDA . H. Res. 693: Mr. L
AMALFA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.017 H21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2351 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 2016 No. 62 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-day’s opening prayer will be offered by the Most Reverend Paul J. Swain, bishop of the Sioux Falls Catholic Dio-cese, Sioux Falls, SD. The guest Chaplain offered the fol-lowing prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, we thank You for the many blessings You have bestowed upon us and our country, especially those of personal freedom and self-gov-ernment. Continue to watch over and guide Members of this Senate and all who serve in public office, a high call-ing with grave responsibilities that af-fect the lives of so many. May they seek the common good with civility and charity, assuring that these bless-ings are secured for future generations. Protect those who defend these bless-ings around the world and reassure their families who worry about them. Be with those who are suffering this day in any way, especially from forces imposed upon them, including persecu-tion and violence. As each of us seeks to do what is right and just, may we do so by looking out for those around us and looking up for inspiration and guidance. May You continue to bless this land of the free and home of the brave which, thanks to those who have gone before, is also a magnificent beacon of hope. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The senior Senator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. I thank the Presiding Officer. 
f 
WELCOMING THE GUEST CHAPLAIN Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I rise to welcome Bishop Swain to the U.S. Sen-ate. On behalf of myself, my colleague from South Dakota who is currently presiding over the Senate, and thou-sands of grateful believers in South Da-kota, I thank Bishop Swain for his service to our Lord and to our commu-nities of faith. Bishop Swain was sworn in as the eighth bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sioux Falls in late 2006, but his jour-ney of faith and service to his country began far before that. Paul Joseph Swain was born in Newark, NY, and is one of eight children. After graduating from Northern Ohio University with a degree in history and earning his master’s at the University of Wisconsin, Bishop Swain joined the Air Force as an intelligence officer. He served our Nation in the Vietnam war, where he earned a Bronze Star. Bishop Swain should feel right at home on the floor of the U.S. Senate because after serving in Vietnam, he tried his hand in politics. He completed his law degree and went on to work on the campaign and in the administra-tion of Gov. Lee Sherman Dreyfus, who served as the Governor of Wisconsin until 1983. After a short stint in politics, Bishop Swain answered a much higher calling. He was received into the Catholic Church, graduated divinity school in 1988, and entered the priesthood. Years of dedicated pastoral work ensued in the Diocese of Madison, WI, and a dec-ade ago we were truly blessed when Pope Benedict named him bishop of Sioux Falls. On the day of his ordination, Arch-bishop Flynn gave the homily at high mass. He noticed that as successors to the apostles, the service of bishops is to spread the word of God and promote the sanctity of their flock. Bishop Swain has never forgotten that coun-sel. He understands that the church has a role to play in the public square, par-ticularly on moral issues. He never shies away from the challenges facing the poor and disenfranchised, and he never hesitates to stand for values that protect life and family. He is a pillar of our community and a spiritual leader to over 100,000 Catholics in East River, SD. Bishop Swain’s episcopal motto is to ‘‘Give praise to the Lord.’’ Today we are giving praise for Bishop Swain’s unwavering devotion to the word of the Lord and to the service of His people. I thank the bishop for joining us today. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 2666 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2666) to prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from regu-lating the rates charged for broadband Inter-net access service. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar, under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.000 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2352 April 21, 2016 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week we have seen what can be accom-plished on behalf of the American peo-ple with a Senate that is back to work under the Republican majority. We just passed two broad bipartisan bills aimed at protecting consumers and modernizing our energy policies, respectively, and both bills take impor-tant steps to bolster national security as well. The passage of the Energy Policy Modernization Act yesterday marks the first broad energy legislation to move through the Senate since the Bush administration. In the years since that time, our country ‘‘has gone from fearing oil and gas shortages to becom-ing the leading producer of both fuels’’ as one paper put it. It is clear this energy legislation is much needed when it comes to bringing our aging infrastructure and policies in line with current and future demands. I thank the Energy Committee chair, Senator M
URKOWSKI , and the ranking member, Senator C
ANTWELL , for work-ing to advance this legislation. It is important for our country. It will help Americans save more energy, produce more energy, and pay less for energy. To paraphrase Senator M
URKOWSKI , it is another example of how the Senate is back to work. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, let us continue that work today. The Re-publican-led Senate has made impor-tant strides to get the legislative proc-ess functioning again. We know the im-pact that can have on restoring the ap-propriations process. We also know co-operation is going to be important as we move forward. It was good to see our Democratic colleagues yesterday, recently pledging cooperation in the appropriations proc-ess, writing that this ‘‘is a win-win op-portunity, and we should seize it to-gether.’’ I have been pleased to see the head-way that has already been made by the Appropriations Committee. The com-mittee has held dozens of hearings so far and, later this morning, members will mark up 2 more of the 12 funding bills, adding to the two the committee has already reported out unanimously. We will continue floor consideration of one of those unanimously endorsed measures today: the energy security and water infrastructure funding bill. The legislation before us includes provisions that impact each of our States. It will support our waterway infrastructure, boost energy innova-tion, and promote American competi-tiveness. It will strengthen national se-curity and support our nuclear security program. It will also reduce wasteful spending. I appreciate the leadership of Sen-ators A
LEXANDER and F EINSTEIN on this bill and recognize the hard work and research that have gone into it. I also appreciate the Appropriations chair-man, Senator COCHRAN , for working with Senator M
IKULSKI to move these appropriations bills through com-mittee and to the floor. This is a re-sponsible bipartisan bill. It invests in the future of American energy and wa-terways. It will keep our country safe. So let’s continue working today to ad-vance it. 
f 
APPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, I want to take a minute to say something about an amendment yesterday that would have defunded regional commissions such as the Appalachian Regional Commission, or ARC. While I did not support that effort, it did raise some important questions about the direction of ARC. I have been a long supporter of the Appalachian Regional Commission, the only govern-ment agency whose main purpose is to help poor and disadvantaged commu-nities in the Appalachian region. How-ever, I am deeply concerned that after 50 years, ARC’s focus has become clouded. For instance, ARC’s internal guide-lines cap at 30 percent the amount of area development funds that can be used in the most impoverished areas of Appalachia. It seems utterly illogical to me that at a government agency, whose mission should be to alleviate poverty, 70 percent of the funds go to counties that are not among the poor-est. What does ARC stand for if not to help the poorest areas of Appalachia? Is ARC a specialized agency with a co-herent mission or is it just another Federal bureaucracy that simply allo-cates funds among 13 selected States regardless of the need? I hope the vote last night will serve as a wake-up call for management at the ARC—a wake-up call that it is time for the agency to reform itself and focus on the counties that most need assistance. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF JESSICA ROSENWORCEL Mr. REID. Mr. President, it is dif-ficult for me to be here to talk about what I am going to talk about because I believe that the Senate operates only when there is trust among the Mem-bers of this body. A man whom I served with whom I have such great respect for, and that is former Republican Majority Leader Bob Dole, said: I knew that nothing else I did would mat-ter very much if I ever forfeited the trust of my colleagues. As we all learn around here, if you don’t keep your word, it doesn’t make much difference what agenda you try to ad-vance. 
The trust which Senator Dole spoke of has been broken. The Republican leader M
CCONNELL broke his word to me. In December of 2014, the Republican leader and the Senator from South Da-kota, Mr. T
HUNE , came to me on the floor, asking if I would agree to con-firming a Republican Commissioner to the Federal Communications Commis-sion. That man’s name is Michael O’Rielly, and he had worked for Jon Kyl and J
OHNCORNYN . Of course, C OR-
NYN is still here and Kyl left. I have great respect for Jon Kyl, being from my neighboring State of Arizona. So I said that this is kind of an un-usual request, since everyone knows that two leaders, when we have a Com-mission we are going to staff with our selections, he and I have a right to do that, and we always pair them—a Dem-ocrat, a Republican, and a Democrat and a Republican. We pair them to-gether. So I said to my friend from South Dakota and my friend from Kentucky that doesn’t sound like the right thing to do for me, but they talked a while longer, and my heart said do it, my head said don’t. My heart won, and I relented, after having made an ar-rangement, an agreement with them that we would go ahead and do O’Rielly right then; that I would agree to do that provided that when the new Con-gress convened in less than a month, we would take care of the Democrat. Her name is Jessica Rosenworcel. That was our agreement. That is how we would pair one Republican with a Dem-ocrat, as is our custom. But—and I repeat—I said: I agree, we will go ahead and do him now. He didn’t have a job, so I was told, and so he could do that. They promised me they would confirm Rosenworcel the next Congress. I wasn’t there alone. I had my staff with me. So it is not me saying one thing. I don’t think anyone denies the conversation. I didn’t have to agree to this. I did it because the Republican leader said he would do his part and get her confirmed. I am sorry to report to the world, to the Senate, I was wrong. Over the last 16 months, the Republican leader has refused to fulfill his commitment. He hasn’t kept his word. Republicans as-sumed control of the Senate in Janu-ary 2015. I waited patiently for the Re-publican leader and Senator T
HUNE to keep their word regarding Rosenworcel’s nomination. To his credit—J
OHNTHUNE and I have served here a long time. I know him well. I worked against him once and was successful. I worked against him a second time and wasn’t successful. He beat my dear friend Tom Daschle, but he is a fine man. He and I used the gym together in the House. To his credit, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.002 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2353 April 21, 2016 
Senator T HUNE did everything he could to fulfill the commitment. He was hav-ing pressure not to do anything, I am sure, but he called his committee to-gether. He is the chairman of the Com-merce Committee. He reported Rosenworcel out to the Senate floor. There his authority stops. He doesn’t have any power to do any more. He did what he felt he was obligated to do, and I felt he was obligated to do. It is now Senator M
CCONNELL ’s problem, I guess. But a year went by. She still wasn’t sent to the floor. That is when I talked to Senator T
HUNE —the first of many times. He did what he said he would do and reported her out. A few months ago, in December of 2015, a year after we had made our agreement, I reminded Senator M
CCON-
NELL of his commitment to do what he said he would do to quickly advance the nomination. He told me that the Senate would confirm her when we re-turned in 2016. January 2016 passed with no action. Before we left for the President’s Day recess, I spoke again with Senators M
CCONNELL and T HUNE  about Rosenworcel’s nomination. Feb-ruary passed with no movement. March passed. Here we are, 21 days into April, with no confirmation. I have waited. I have waited pa-tiently for my friend to do the right thing. I have held off for months com-ing to the floor. What else would I do? What else could I do? I held off, hoping the Republican leader would deliver on the pledge that he gave to me. I spoke again with him yesterday on the telephone, urging him to move her forward. He said to me: We’ll do it next year. Next year she is out of a job. Her term expires at the end of this year. Her career will basically be over be-cause of my accepting my counter-part’s word. I told the Republican lead-er and I told Senator T
HUNE that I would not remain silent forever on this. I told both of them yesterday I was going to come to the floor. The Republican leader, I hope, was aware of the words of Bob Dole, which I talked about earlier in my remarks. Dole said: 
I knew that nothing else I did would mat-ter very much if I ever forfeited the trust of my colleagues. As we all learn around here, if you don’t keep your word, it doesn’t make much difference what agenda you try to ad-vance. 
That was Robert Dole. To say I am disappointed is an under-statement. This is a commitment that was made to me about a year and a half ago. We have to keep our trust. This isn’t an issue of my being offended. I have been offended. The Presiding Offi-cer has been offended. We have all been offended. This isn’t only personal with me, in taking the Republican leader’s promise as a personal affront. It is not a personal affront to me. If it is, I will have to bear that. I think it is, but I can handle that. What I am concerned about is what it means for the Senate and what it means for a human being, a woman who works very hard every day, trying to do the right thing for a very important part of our country. I understand the Republican leader has a tough job. I know that. I had that job a lot longer than he has. Because of the dysfunction in his caucus, it is dif-ficult, I am told and as we see, for him to get things done. But that is no ex-cuse for someone not keeping their word. He could go into executive ses-sion. We would agree to that. He could file cloture. He could do this in many different ways. I still expect him to live up to his commitment and get Commissioner Rosenworcel confirmed. I don’t want this to be a bad time for the Senate if it continues. It is a bad day for the Senate now because you have to keep your word. That is all we have around here. I see no one on the floor, and I will ask the Chair to announce what the Senate is going to do the rest of the day. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The Senator from Missouri. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER APPROPRIA-TIONS BILL AND WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the bill that is on the floor. The very fact that we have this bill on the floor deserves some atten-tion. We have an appropriations bill on the energy and water responsibilities of the Federal Government. I think this is the first time this bill has been on the Senate floor in 7 years. With the current majority, the Ap-propriations Committee is 1 month ahead of any time in recent history that bills have been marked up and brought to the floor. The majority leader set aside 12 weeks to do the work that for decades—in fact, for a couple of centuries—was the core work of what the Congress did. The Congress set the priorities of the country by having an open and free debate on how the Congress and the country would spend the money that was entrusted to the Congress—the long-ranging discus-sion of the power of the purse. You know, you don’t have to be a great stu-dent of American history to say: Well, don’t you men and women in the Con-gress have the power of the purse? Well, we do have it, according to the Constitution, but we have not had it in the practice of the last 6 or 7 years when the work of the Congress simply was not done in a way that people could see what was going on or that Members could freely weigh in. One of the things about the debate we are having on this Energy and Water bill is that any Member of the Senate can come to the floor and they can say: Don’t spend this money at all. In this bill, spend the money here rath-er than there. They can say some com-bination of those two things, and then the Senate votes on that before we ap-prove the final bill. I am pleased that we are debating this bill. That may actually be more important than the bill itself. But the bill itself is important as well. This bill provides the critical re-sources to support the safety and long- term viability of our waterway sys-tems. One of the reasons we are so competitive internationally and so competitive in our own domestic econ-omy is that we have had the ability to use the waterways of the country—par-ticularly the internal as well as the ex-ternal waterways—in a way that makes us more competitive than we would be otherwise. Our inland waterways in particular are critical to economic growth. We are right on the edge of a time when world food demand doubles from the Presiding Officer’s State, from my State. Agriculture, which is the biggest economic sector of the economy, is in a great position not only to meet those food needs in our country but to meet food needs worldwide. That position is dramatically enhanced if we have a transportation system that doesn’t just include highways and doesn’t just in-clude railroads but also includes the waterways of the country. Another thing our two States have had in common—the Upper Missouri and the Lower Missouri—is the dev-astating challenges that flooding can present. This bill makes it possible for us to deal with flood control and navi-gation. Once again, this emphasizes that the Corps of Engineers can’t just say these are the top two priorities of managing the Mississippi River Valley system, particularly the Missouri and Mississippi, but those really need to be apparent in their commitment to both flood control and navigation as things we want to do. I am pleased this bill prioritizes things like the bank stabilization and navigation project on the Mississippi River, the tributaries project that is central to our flood control efforts in our State. I am also glad the bill in-creases funding for small ports and harbors to serve as vital places for us to compete. You know, the inland ports are basi-cally export ports. There is nothing wrong with buying things from other people, but it is better to sell things to other people. The inland ports serve a geographic area that is roughly twice as big as the coastal ports. That doesn’t mean there is anything wrong with the coastal ports; it just means, let’s get realistic about where we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.003 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2354 April 21, 2016 
making investments that allow us to compete. If a coastal port effectively really supports an area, say, 300 miles inland from that coastal port, an in-land port supports an area 300 miles in all directions. So this is an effective thing for us to do. Also, we need to ensure that we are looking at our port systems as a sys-tem, not just as one individual port. The old days of the Congress being able to say ‘‘This is what you want to do in this port or this harbor’’ are now being replaced by being sure the Corps of En-gineers understands its responsibility to do this. Another agency that needs to under-stand its reasonable responsibility is the EPA. So once again I am on the floor for the third time in about as many months—and heaven knows how many times in the last several years— talking about this incredible overreach EPA is making when they want to de-cide they don’t want to change the law that says navigable waters of the United States are under the authority of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy—not a new concept in law at all. Navigable waters have seemed to be a Federal responsibility since the 1840s in law, in bills that have passed the Con-gress. So in the early 1970s, the Clean Water Act was passed, and the EPA was formed. The Clean Water Act said the EPA will have jurisdiction over navigable waters. But with this out-rageous waters of the United States rule, the EPA wants to now define ‘‘navigable waters’’ as basically all the water in the country. They want to say it is any water that can run into any water that can run into any water. I don’t know how many iterations of that there would be that can run into any water that eventually runs into navigable water. There is a case before the Supreme Court right now where the EPA is challenging a company in Minnesota based on navi-gable waters. The location they are challenging is 120 miles away, by no ar-gument, from the nearest thing that anybody would truly consider a navi-gable water. The Farm Bureau in Missouri has a map that I have brought to the floor now a number of times—the Farm Bu-reau map of where the jurisdiction of the EPA would be under waters of the United States. This is anything that deals with water: a building permit, runoff from your driveway, resurfacing a parking lot, fertilizer on a farm field, drilling a hole for a utility pole. Any-thing that involves water, theoreti-cally, under this rule, could come under the jurisdiction of the EPA. In my State, anything that would meet the EPA definition of what could be the definition of their new sense of waters of the United States covers 99.7 percent of the State. The Presiding Officer is a little fur-ther from this map. He may not be able to see the two dozen white dots on the map that would clearly still under the jurisdiction of the State of Missouri or under the jurisdiction of a county gov-ernment or under the jurisdiction of a city. That would be three-tenths of 1 percent. Senator H
OEVEN , who has fought to not allow this rule to go forward, as I have since the day it was proposed, has once again proposed an amendment to this bill. We all get to vote on it. A ma-jority of the Senate has shown its con-cern about this particular regulation, this outlandish regulation—enough that the Senate and the House have put a bill on the President’s desk in the last few months that the President ve-toed, which said: Don’t go forward with this regulation. What this amendment says is: No money can be spent to go forward with this regulation. I certainly encourage my colleagues to once again step up, as they are already on the record as hav-ing been willing to do, to stop this reg-ulation. This amendment—the way to stop this regulation is to say that no money can be spent to move forward with this regulation, which a majority of the Congress, Democrats and Repub-licans, organizations all over America, government at virtually every level, county governments, city govern-ments, and State governments, have said they don’t want. The Attorney Generals of about half of the States have a case before the Supreme Court. But none of that seems to get through to the all-knowing EPA on this issue. Today I urge my colleagues to once again step up and say: We want this stopped. One way to stop it is not to have any money available to move forward with this outlandish rule. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. 
f 
SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS MONTH Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, April is actually Sexual Assault Awareness Month, and I rise to speak about two extraordinary women who were accepted into their dream col-leges and then after they arrived on campus were sexually assaulted. They tried to seek help from their school, and they were blamed for their assaults by their school’s administrators. A couple of years ago, these two young women walked into my office. They didn’t have an appointment. They didn’t have any connections on Capitol Hill. They certainly didn’t have an ex-pensive lobbyist to lead them in. Annie and Andrea had heard about my work to fight sexual assaults in the military, and they simply wanted to help. The same crisis was unfolding on col-lege campuses across the country. When they tried to report their rapes, they were not believed. They were ac-tually retaliated against. For them, justice seemed impossible. But instead of doing nothing, Annie and Andrea joined together and they created an or-ganization called End Rape on Campus. They took their stories to college cam-pus after college campus to be heard, to help other survivors like them-selves, to make a difference, to achieve justice, and to hold these schools ac-countable. Together, Annie and Andrea have helped many other sexual assault sur-vivors file dozens of title IX complaints for how their schools mishandled their sexual assault claims. These young women are changing lives. They are helping their peers find justice. They took a risk to raise their voices, and now we are closer than ever to passing a comprehensive, bipartisan piece of legislation to make sure campus sexual assault cases are handled with the pro-fessionalism and fairness all our stu-dents deserve. We are closer than ever to passing a bill that would finally give our colleges and universities an incen-tive to solve the problem of sexual as-sault rather than stay silent and pre-tend it doesn’t exist because they are worried about application numbers or press releases. I urge all of my colleagues in the Senate to support this bipartisan bill, the Campus Accountability and Safety Act, because when surveys keep con-firming that one out of five of our women in college are sexually as-saulted before they graduate, we know we have more work to do. We need to follow the example of Annie and An-drea and speak out about this crisis. I am going to use this moment to tell one story—the story of Andrea, what actually happened to her. She wrote a book with Annie called ‘‘We Believe You.’’ It is an incredible compilation of survivor stories. It is quite heart-breaking and very tough to read, but it is one of the most inspiring books I have ever read. There are thousands of stories just like hers. I have others to tell on the Senate floor, but now I am going to tell you Andrea’s in her own words: 
After I publicly came forward as a sur-vivor, I learned that the biggest triggers aren’t actually the nightmares of my as-sault, but the nightmares of the betrayals that I’ve had to survive. When the media tells your story, it feels like open season on your truth. It’s exposed to commentary, and a part of you loses con-trol over it, and the vulnerabilities that you intended to share. When you tell your story to the media, you’re at the mercy of their portrayal, and the portrayal of others. I’ve been betrayed by friends who struggled to understand what happened to me, and to accept that the same person who put forth strength and composure could fall apart. I wish I could have said the right things to get them to understand that I was broken, and that my confidence was a lie to both of us. I’ve been betrayed by the university that I love so dearly, whose seal I wear around my neck, and whose quads and bricks hold pieces of me—pieces of who I was before, and of who I am today. 
Andrea is one of many young men and women whose lives have been shat-tered by a violent sexual crime and then shattered again by a second be-trayal when their schools chose not to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.005 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2355 April 21, 2016 
believe them or to offer justice. These survivors deserve better. They need Congress to act. We have to do the right thing. We have to be their voice. We have to stand for them. The bipar-tisan Campus Accountability and Safe-ty Act does exactly that. Please, let’s all do our jobs and pass the bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. (The remarks of Mr. N
ELSON per-taining to the introduction of S. 2843 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
f 
ATVM LOAN PROGRAM Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to address an amendment that has been filed, and on which I hope we are going to have a vote. That is amendment No. 3814. It is called End Crony Capitalist Advanced Technology Vehicle Manu-facturing Loan Program. Let me describe what this is about. We are all watching this Presidential election campaign unfold, and a big theme on both sides of the aisle is about how the Obama economy is not working for so many millions of ordi-nary Americans—middle-income, mid-dle-class, working-class Americans who are working as hard as ever and falling behind. It is true. It has absolutely been a fact that this economy is not anywhere near where it should be. Part of that and part of the theme is how Washington works for the well-con-nected—for the few who get to figure out how to get special benefits from taxpayers. But that doesn’t apply if you are an ordinary man or woman who is just working hard to feed their family and take care of their family and who doesn’t have the lobbyists and the connections to get special treat-ment. It is infuriating for people, and they are right. One of the most egregious examples is the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Loan Program. This is a program that forces taxpayers to lend money to especially preferred— very affluent, generally—and well-con-nected businesses. It was created in 2007, and it requires the Department of Energy to lend this money—up to $25 billion of taxpayer money—to private corporations that ought to be funding their activity privately. Why should my constituents in Penn-sylvania be made to take the risk for some company that has an idea they want to float? Why in the world should it be that my constituents and your constituents, Mr. President, have to subsidize a particular business because some politicians decide they like it? This is completely outrageous, and this program is particularly egregious. So far this program has made five loans worth $8.4 billion. Of the five, two of them have already defaulted. Two have already gone under. Why should our taxpayers have to make these loans to companies that then fail, and the taxpayers end up holding the bag? Fisker Automotive is one of them. They got a $529 million loan in 2010. It took less than 1 year for them to de-fault. The Department of Energy— which is to say, our constituents, tax-payers—then took a $139 million loss, just on that one transaction. The Vehicle Production Group got a $50 million loan in 2011. Two years later, they defaulted. Taxpayers lost almost all of it—$42 million. But it gets even more absurd. In 2011, the Department of Energy, under this program, tried to make a $730 million loan to a company owned by a Russian oligarch so he could build a steel plant to compete with American steel com-panies and steelworkers that are al-ready making this product. Why in the world should my constituents be forced to subsidize a Russian oligarch? This is ridiculous. And by the way, the plant had already been built. It was retro-actively funding facilities that he al-ready had the resources to build. This is just crazy. This is what drives people crazy. The GAO has recommended three times that this program be terminated. They have estimated that if the pro-gram continues, they are going to lose another $400 million. So here we have Washington picking a handful of pre-ferred companies to get huge taxpayer subsidies. It has proven it is a losing program. Why are we doing this in the first place? So we have an amendment that would end this program. Senator C
OATS , Senator F ISCHER and myself want to end this. We don’t want tax-payers to continue to subsidize these companies. We don’t think crony cap-italism is the way our system should work. We think our economy should work for everybody who shows up and punches a clock and works hard, not the well-connected who can get a big subsidy from Washington. So we have an amendment that would end it. Now, there is some controversy about whether we are even going to have a vote on this, which is really disturbing. I hope we can resolve this and have this vote. I will live with the con-sequences of this vote, as we all have to. But if there are people who like this program and think that our taxpayers should continue being forced to give away money and subsidize preferred special interests, OK, come on down to the floor and make the case. Argue for why we should continue this crony cap-italism, and why it is that politicians ought to put their thumbs on the scale of our economy and divert taxpayer dollars to preferred interests. Come on down and make the case. At least have the courage of your convictions, and let’s have a vote. That is all I am ask-ing for. So I am hoping we will get this. I am hoping we will have a vote and, of course, I am hoping we will end a ter-rible program that undermines the con-fidence the American people have in our government. We could take a step in the right direction of restoring some confidence that this town can figure out what to do and can take steps to help our economy be fairer, more open, and more successful for all Americans. I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I re-cently had the opportunity to convene a roundtable at the University of Balti-more School of Law entitled: ‘‘Why Nine? A Discussion on the Importance of a Fully Functioning Supreme Court.’’ I want to particularly thank the dean of the University of Baltimore Law School, Ronald Weich, for moder-ating this roundtable and bringing his extensive experience to this discussion. Ron Weich is well known here. He is the former chief counsel to Senate Mi-nority Leader R
EIDand former Assist-ant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs at the U.S. Justice Department. I want to share with my colleagues some of the comments that were made by the people who were at that round-table discussion. Caroline Frederickson, the president of the American Constitution Society, discussed the lengthy delays for trial and appellate court decisions. Lengthy delays in filling vacancies mean that justice delayed is justice denied. We have seen a growing number of judicial emergencies as a result of the Senate leadership’s slow-walking of the con-sideration of judicial nominations, as I discussed recently on the floor of the Senate. One of these is my own State of Maryland’s district court vacancy, in which Paula Xinis has been waiting for floor action now since she was re-ported out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously in September of 2015. She has waited over 7 months for action on the floor of the Senate. Ms. Frederickson also noted the in-creasing number of 4-to-4 decisions being issued by the Supreme Court. She warned that a Court that is split on a tough 4-to-4 decision might be tempted to ‘‘legislate’’ a solution by asking the parties to reshape the legal questions before the Court and go be-yond the narrow case or controversy that is properly before the Court. That is something all of us want to avoid. We don’t want the Court legislating. John Greenbaum, chief counsel and senior deputy director of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, told the group that if Republicans hold to their pledge to block the filling of the Supreme Court vacancy until a new President takes office, this vacancy would span and negatively impact two terms of the Court and could last more than a year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.016 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2356 April 21, 2016 
The Presidential election occurs in November of 2016, but the new Presi-dent is not sworn into office until late January 2017. Allowing for several months, which is the standard time for consideration of a Supreme Court nominee, it could be next spring of 2017, more than a year after Justice Scalia’s death before the vacancy is filled. Mr. Greenbaum noted that the Court issued a number of 5-to-4 decisions in the current term, many of which drew a wide range of amicus briefs from all sides on the issue, and that the Court was trying to resolve circuit splits in a number of these cases. It cannot re-solve circuit splits with a 4-to-4 vote, leaving us with different laws in dif-ferent parts of the country. Michele Jawando, vice president of legal progress at the Center for Amer-ican Progress, discussed focusing the American people’s attention on the third branch of government—the judi-ciary—which often does not receive the same level of focus as the executive and legislative branches. Professor Charles Tiefer, a professor at the University of Baltimore School of Law, previously served as deputy general counsel of the U.S. House of Representatives and served as assistant legal counsel for the U.S. Senate. He formerly clerked on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, the court that Chief Judge Garland currently sits. Professor Tiefer cited two interesting precedents we should keep in mind as the Senate con-siders—or, frankly, fails to consider— Chief Judge Garland’s nomination. In 1988, the Senate confirmed Justice Kennedy to the Supreme Court, even though the Senate was controlled by a Democratic majority and President Reagan was in his final year of office— very similar to the circumstances we have today. In 1991, when Democrats controlled the Senate, they allowed the nomination of Clarence Thomas to reach the Senate floor even though the Judiciary Committee had not favorably recommended him. The Judiciary Com-mittee, under Chairman B
IDEN, be-lieved the full Senate should debate a nomination for the Supreme Court of the United States and that each Sen-ator should cast their vote either for or against the nomination. Ultimately, the Senate narrowly confirmed Justice Thomas by a 52-to-48 vote. Indeed, turning to Judge Garland, no nominee—and, really, no President— has ever been treated this way by the Senate. Since public confirmation hearings of Supreme Court nomina-tions began a century ago in the Judi-ciary Committee, the Senate has never denied a Supreme Court nominee a hearing and a vote. This would be the first. By refusing to follow this prac-tice, the Senate Judiciary Committee and Senate leadership are abrogating their constitutional duties. This is an affront to the Constitution. It is not a political assault. This is an assault on the Constitution. Turning to article II, the Executive power in the Constitution, the Senate Republican leadership is trying to uni-laterally alter the term of the Presi-dent from 4 years to 3 years and some-how argue that the President in his or her final year of office cannot do his or her job, which includes nominating Su-preme Court Justices if a vacancy oc-curs. This flies in the face of the plain text of the Constitution. The Constitu-tion commands that the President ‘‘shall’’ nominate Supreme Court Jus-tices in the event of a vacancy. The Senate is failing to exercise its con-stitutional duty to advise and consent. Turning to article III, the judicial power of the Constitution, the Senate leadership is trying to unilaterally shrink the Supreme Court from nine justices to eight by creating an artifi-cial vacancy for an indefinite period of time. Congress, by enacting a statute, has already set the size of the Supreme Court as consisting of nine justices. There is an odd number for a reason— to enable the Court to break tie votes. The Senate Republican leadership is pursuing a strategy that will hobble the Court for two terms. This results in an increasing number of circuit splits and a nonuniform ap-plication of Federal law across the country, with no resolution in sight, meaning that an individual’s rights and responsibilities under Federal law would depend on what circuit they hap-pen to live in or do business in. Article VI of the Constitution pro-vides that ‘‘the Senators and Rep-resentatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State Legisla-tures, and all executive and judicial Of-ficers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath of Affirmation, to support this Constitution.’’ And I will say that what we are doing right now is abrogating that right. Professor Michael Higginbotham is the Dean Joseph Curtis Professor at the University of Baltimore School of Law, and he was a former law clerk to a U.S. circuit judge. Professor Higginbotham agreed it is unprece-dented for the Senate not even to con-sider or vote on a nomination for a Su-preme Corporate Justice. He cited the famous case of Marbury v. Madison, de-cided by the Supreme Court in 1803. The case held that a constitutional right without a remedy is no right at all, and that a right must have a rem-edy. But what happens when the Su-preme Court cannot issue a final deci-sion on a complex or controversial case in the law? What is the remedy that follows that right? What happens when one branch of government refuses to do its job, endangering the operation of another equal and independent branch of government? A Supreme Court that divides by a vote of 4 to 4 in major de-cisions leads to uncertainty and lack of specificity in the law, due to splits in the various circuit courts of appeal around the Nation. Amy Matsui is the senior counsel and director of government relations at the National Women’s Law Center. She re-minded us that women’s lives are af-fected every day by the decisions of the Supreme Court and lower Federal courts. Lawyers have an innate respect for the rule of law and legal process. If lawyers report to work and do their job every day, why can’t the Senate? She asked a good question. Thiru Vignarajah is the Deputy At-torney General of Maryland, serving under the leadership of Maryland At-torney General Brian Frosh. He dis-cussed the importance of the judiciary being able to function independently and efficiently. Out of the thousands of petitions for certiorari, the Supreme Court grants about 1 percent of the cases, ultimately deciding about 150 cases a year. Dozens of these cases were 5-to-4 decisions of a divided Su-preme Court. These are hard cases where reasonable jurists can disagree, and indeed a number of these cases have split circuit courts around the Nation, with judges issuing conflicting decisions on differing interpretations of Federal law. This uncertainty is bad for the mar-ketplace, bad for business, bad for law-yers, bad for judges, bad for litigants, and ultimately bad for the American people. Quite frankly, in some cases, businesses would prefer any ruling be-cause it at least gives certainty about what the law is. Businesses do not want Federal law to become a patchwork and vary from circuit to circuit and State to State because a divided Su-preme Court cannot resolve the issue. Kyle Barry, the director of justice programs at the Alliance of Justice, discussed the importance of judicial independence. While the President has the power of the sword and controls government agencies and the Congress has the power of the purse and the abil-ity to enact or change laws, the judici-ary relies on the other branches of gov-ernment and the American people to carry out its decisions. The Framers of our Constitution gave the Justices lifetime tenure be-cause it insulates them from the polit-ical pressures under Article III, Section 1, of the Constitution, so that they would not have to worry about losing their job through congressional im-peachment if they reached an unpopu-lar decision. Note that these are the only lifetime positions in the Federal Government. The Framers forbade Con-gress from cutting the salaries of the Justices while in office under Article III, Section 1, of the Constitution, to avoid retribution from Congress for un-popular decisions of the Court. By undermining the independence of the Supreme Court and by making the Court appear to be a political entity, Republican Senate leadership is under-mining the public’s confidence in the Court and ultimately the very legit-imacy of the Court. Our Framers in-tended with these very specific con-stitutional provisions to protect the Court and the Federal judiciary from politics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.007 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2357 April 21, 2016 
The Senate should do its job and carry out its mission to fill vacancies of the Supreme Court, so that Ameri-cans will have confidence that the Su-preme Court decides cases based on the law, Constitution, and facts of the case and so that politics does not play a role. The American public supports Congress doing its job and giving Judge Garland the hearing he deserves. The stakes at the Supreme Court can involve matters of life and death. In death penalty cases, if the Court splits 4 to 4, a defendant would be put to death even though the Court decision did not definitively resolve the legal issue in the case. Chief Judge Garland is a nominee for the Supreme Court and should be dealt with in this term of Congress. It is not a matter for the next President or the next Congress. There are 9 months left in this year, and to suggest that we don’t have the time and the President doesn’t have the authority to appoint a nominee is absolutely outrageous. It is an affront to the Constitution. We need to go through the process and give Chief Judge Garland a chance. I have met with Chief Judge Garland and believe he is eminently qualified to be a Supreme Court Justice. But before the Senate makes a final decision, we need to do our job and vet the nominee, hold a hearing, and hold a vote that puts all Senators on the record. How can Senators in good conscience reject this Supreme Court nominee without a fair vetting and hearing or process? I think it is hard to understand how you can be excused from doing your job for 9 months by not having a confirmation hearing and vote. The President did his job, and it is now time for the Senate to do its job. The American people want to see nine justices on the Supreme Court when it convenes its new term in Octo-ber. The Senate now has the responsi-bility and duty to respect the inde-pendence of the Federal judiciary, the authority of the President to nominate Justices, and the powers of the Senate to advise and consent on nominations. Let’s remember our oaths to support the Constitution. Let’s do our job. Let’s take up the Garland nomination. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2028, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Feinstein amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute. Alexander amendment No. 3804 (to amend-ment No. 3801), to modify provisions relating to Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees. Alexander (for Hoeven) amendment No. 3811 (to amendment No. 3801), to prohibit the use of funds relating to a certain definition. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3811 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I under-stand that shortly we are going to be voting on the Hoeven amendment. The Hoeven amendment would prevent the clean water rule from going into effect. In 1972, Congress passed the Clean Water Act in response to what was hap-pening around this country. We saw rivers literally catch on fire as a result of polluted waterways. We had Lake Erie, which was considered dead. The Chesapeake Bay was one of the world’s first marine dead zones. That is noth-ing to be proud of. The environment and status of our water was a national disgrace, and through congressional leadership, we passed the Clean Water Act. We did that because we under-stood that the status of upstream water affects the status of downstream water—that we are all in this together. We understood that having clean water was a public health issue, from swim-ming in the water to the source of our drinking water supplies. One third of our drinking water supplies come from regulated waters. We also understood it was important for our economy. The status of tourism very much depended upon the quality of our water. Literally, people were concerned about going close to some of our inner harbor water areas. The Bal-timore Inner Harbor is a tourist attrac-tion, as are the inner harbors of many of our cities. It is important for our economy for agriculture. Agriculture depends upon clean water. We under-stood that when we passed the Clean Water Act in 1972. And we also under-stood it was a matter of quality of life for the people in our country. From those who hike and do bird watching to those who enjoy fishing and hunting, the status of clean water very much af-fects the way we enjoy life. As Senators from Maryland, Senator M
IKULSKI and I both understand the importance of clean water for the Chesapeake Bay. The Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure and the largest estuary in our hemisphere. It was at great risk because of waters coming in from other States into the Chesapeake Bay watershed, affecting the quality of water of the Chesapeake Bay. It was for all those reasons that we passed the 1972 Clean Water Act. We understood the enforcement of the waters that were regulated under the 1972 Clean Water Act. It was based upon best science. Science told us what we needed to do in order to have clean water—clean water for our environment, clean water for safe drinking water—and it was well understood until a Supreme Court decision. That decision in 2006, known as the Rapanos decision, was a 5-to-4 decision of the Supreme Court, which remanded the case, but it was a 4-to-4 decision on the merits of the case. Since that time, there has been uncer-tainty as to what bodies of water can be regulated under the Clean Water Act. So this was a situation caused by the ambiguity of the Supreme Court case. It is interesting that the decision on the merits was 4-to-4, as we are now debating whether we are going to have a full Supreme Court in order to make decisions that affect the clarity of law in this country. The Rapanos decision sent back to the lower courts a decision on how to decide this. Since that time, there has been uncertainty as to what bodies are legally regulated under the 1972 Clean Water Act. Remember, this was 2006. The easiest way to resolve this was for Congress to pass a law clarifying the Clean Water Act, but Congress has cho-sen not to do that. So the Obama ad-ministration has done what it should do, using its power to promulgate a regulation that would provide clarity as to which bodies of water are regu-lated. Guess what. They have done that in a way that is consistent with how the law was enforced prior to the Rapanos decision—without much com-plaint before the Rapanos decision. It basically goes back to best science and tells us logically what needs to be reg-ulated. That is what this rule would do: Protect our clean water. There is a lot of misinformation that has been given about the clean water rule. Quite frankly, normal farming ac-tivities don’t require any permits under the Clean Water Act. If we listen to some of the arguments against the Clean Water Act, we would have a hard time comparing that to what, in fact, is in the bill. The Clean Water Act would reestab-lish the well-thought regulatory frame-work for protecting our clean water so that we don’t return to the days of jeopardizing the Chesapeake Bay or jeopardizing our rivers or jeopardizing our clean water supplies or our envi-ronment. Tomorrow is Earth Day. Forty-six years ago, our colleague Senator Gay-lord Nelson established Earth Day. What will this Congress’s legacy be? What will we be remembered for in re-gards to protecting this planet, pro-tecting our country, and protecting our environment for future generations? I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.008 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2358 April 21, 2016 
hope we will work together to build on the proud accomplishments of our predecessors for clean air and clean water. The first thing we can do is to make sure we reject the Hoeven amendment. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today in support of the En-ergy and Water Appropriations bill. I am pleased to see Senators A
LEXANDER  and F
EINSTEIN working to put together a good, bipartisan bill with no ideolog-ical or partisan policy riders. They remind us of the way that we should be doing business here in the Senate. This legislation provides in-creased funding for infrastructure across the Nation and in my home State of Illinois, and I was proud to support it in the Appropriations Com-mittee. The bill provides strong funding for the National Labs through the Depart-ment of Energy, including critical re-search programs at Fermi National Ac-celerator Laboratory and Argonne Na-tional Laboratory in Illinois. These labs are supporting thousands of sci-entists from across the country and around the world as they perform pio-neering research and transform tech-nologies for science and industry. Lab facilities in Illinois perform cutting- edge research and are a bright example of American innovation. The Energy and Water Appropria-tions bill would invest $6 billion in the Army Corps of Engineers, which will help support important investments in Illinois infrastructure. Waterways in Illinois, including the Mississippi River, are critical to commerce around the country. They provide access for shipped goods, connecting the Great Lakes with the Gulf of Mexico. The Army Corps also plays an important role in flood control projects, some-thing we saw firsthand in Illinois and across the Mississippi valley area after flooding this past winter. But there is always more work to be done. According to the American Soci-ety of Civil Engineers, America scores a D-minus in investment in levees and inland waterways, and a D in invest-ment in dams. This bill is a good start to making the critical investments we need in American infrastructure. So I am not sure why, after Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator F EINSTEIN  pulled together such a strong bipar-tisan bill, Republicans would want to try to add a poison pill rider pre-venting an EPA rule that keeps our water clean. Many economists and military lead-ers tell us that water will be to the 21st century what oil was to the 20th cen-tury. Water is going to be that indis-pensable commodity that makes progress possible; an essential com-modity over which wars will be fought. The United States has more clean water today than any other nation on the planet, and it is because of the Great Lakes. Why would we knowingly, deliberately, spoil this precious com-modity that is a source of conflict be-tween other nations? We can’t afford to stop making a real difference in our clean water supply, and let me tell you why. The EPA and Army Corps clean water rule provides stronger water quality standards to protect our Na-tion’s streams, wetlands, and navigable water. These are all resources that we rely heavily on for drinking water and recreation. And one in three Ameri-cans, or 117 million people, get drink-ing water from sources that were vul-nerable to pollution before the clean water rule. Now, more than ever, we must work to ensure our water is safe. We know what can happen when our water supply isn’t protected. The Flint, MI, water contamination crisis and high lead levels in the water supply in other communities across the country and in Illinois are reminders of this. But it is not just lead that we have to worry about. Pollutants from factories and sewage treatment plants; waste from confined animal feeding oper-ations; pesticides used on crops; and mining wastewater all flow into tribu-taries that eventually flow into the Great Lakes, the source of clean water for 35 million people. Attempts to roll back the clean water rule will not only return us to a patchwork of water protections that make it difficult for businesses, farm-ers, and others to know whether water-ways are covered by the law. It will also risk one of our greatest commod-ities that supports agriculture, recre-ation, tourism, and energy production. To see the impacts of rolling back these protections, we need to look no further than the Gulf of Mexico, which has one of the largest dead zones in the world. Let me tell you what a dead zone is: Dead zones are the result of an overabundance of algae growth, which eventually decompose and steal oxygen from the water, making it hard for anything to live. Nutrient runoff from 12 States along the Mississippi River trickles down into the Gulf of Mexico. Last year, the dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico reached 6,474 square miles, roughly the size of the State of Con-necticut. The State of Illinois was one of the largest contributors to this nu-trient overload, a combination of run-off from our farm fields and point source pollution such as wastewater plants. We need to reduce this nutrient runoff while protecting our agriculture economy in Illinois. The clean water rule does exactly that by exempting agricultural activities from its provi-sions. I urge my colleagues to vote against any ideological poison pill amendment that would prevent clean water appro-priations from moving forward to pro-tect our children, our communities, and our economy. Without ideological riders like the clean water rule amendment, the En-ergy and Water Appropriations bill is a bipartisan effort that proves we can make smart investments that make the most sense for our country—right now and as we plan for our future. The current lead crisis has shown that we need to get serious about investing in infrastructure programs and support regulations to ensure that every Amer-ican—especially children—has access to safe, clean drinking water. Now is the time for Congress to act responsibly to develop a budget that enables our country to thrive. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. RUBIO). The Senator from Indiana. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, this is No. 40 of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ For the 40 weeks the Senate has been in session this cycle, I have come down to the Floor to talk about a waste of tax-payers’ dollars through waste, fraud, and abuse. This week I am going to talk about yet another Federal pro-gram which has, at best, a questionable track record. I filed an amendment to the Energy and Water appropriations bill currently in the Senate, which is related to this program, and hopefully we will be vot-ing on the amendment I will be offering in a few moments to address this issue. This amendment, which I offered with Senators F
ISCHER , TOOMEY , and F LAKE , would finally wind down the Depart-ment of Energy’s failed Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program. Remember the stimulus? Remember how we were throwing all kinds of tax-payers’ money out there? We talked about advanced vehicle programs, and many of these distributions of funds have been misused or simply have not come to fruition, and a great deal of money has been wasted. The ATVM Loan Program continues to sit on billions of dollars of unused funds that could be put to better use. I am glad there are some unused funds there because it means that when we look at the history of this program, perhaps we will have an opportunity to better use those unused funds or to help return it back to the Treasury so the taxpayer isn’t on the hook for this kind of thing going forward. Let me explain this program. The De-partment of Energy’s Advanced Vehicle Technology Manufacturing Loan Pro-gram was created in 2007. It was cre-ated to provide very low-interest loans to manufacturers that make vehicles or components of vehicles that use al-ternative energy. I am not here to downplay the use of alternative energy. I think that is something that is happening through-out our country. Hopefully, it is on a market basis. To qualify for this loan, there were a couple of requirements ap-plicants must meet: No. 1, the vehicle or component must be new or signifi-cantly improved from what is cur-rently available in the U.S. market-place; No. 2, it has to be manufactured in the United States. The purpose of the program, partly, was to encourage manufacturing here—not in China, not somewhere else. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.009 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2359 April 21, 2016 
Last month, nearly 10 years since the program’s inception, the Government Accountability Office took a look at the program’s finances and found that the Department of Energy has billions of unused and unspent funds. I am glad they do because a lot of things that have taken place under this program have not proven to be worth their weight. I have spoken before on a number of programs, but in 2011, under this fund— the Alternative Vehicle Fund—the Obama administration approved a $730 million loan to a company called Severstal Steel Company, a Russian- owned company with operations in Michigan. Remember, to qualify for this loan, the alternative fuel vehicle or vehicle part needs to be manufactured in the United States and—here is the key—it must be a new product. Technically, Severstal was manufacturing in the United States, but the Obama adminis-tration certainly walked the line in this case. The U.S. Government was providing American taxpayer dollars to a Russian company owned by one of Russia’s richest oligarchs, Alexei Mordashov. The New York Times has reported that Mr. Mordashov has ties to the Kremlin and to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Apparently, this Rus-sian looked at this program and said: Hey, here is a way I can get a low-cost, low-interest loan. All I have to do is operate this plant and the government will loan me $750 million and I will produce a new part, a new component of steel that is used in automobile manufacturing. After working with the Department of Energy’s inspector general, Senator T
OOMEY and I learned that the type of steel made by this Russian company was identical to the steel already being produced in my home State of Indiana and Senator T
OOMEY ’s home State of Pennsylvania. Obviously, that violated one of the basic criteria in that the product has to be an alternative that is brand new or significantly improved and not something that is already being produced in Indiana. Fortunately, with the help of the in-spector general, we were able to ensure the Obama administration voided the loan. To their credit, when we brought it to their attention, they said: OK. We have a Russian oligarch we are giving money to—and that doesn’t sound very good. We are giving money to this multibillionaire in Russia with close ties to Vladimir Putin. Secondly, we now have learned what they are pro-ducing is already produced in the United States—in my State of Indiana and in Senator T
OOMEY ’s State of Pennsylvania. Thus, fortunately, the administration canceled this loan. This example calls into question the integrity of this program. The ATVM Program also has a lackluster success rate. For example, Fisker Automotive received a $529 million loan to produce a $100,000 plug-in hybrid sports car. You will not see any of these on the road because the company went bankrupt after drawing down $193 million of tax-payer funds. Another loan recipient, VPG, planned to sell natural gas-powered vans. It went bankrupt after receiving a $50 million government loan. Of the five projects funded by this program to date, two of them have gone bankrupt. I think these examples demonstrate what happens when the government tries to pick winners and losers instead of letting the free mar-ket determine how we are going to go forward. The Coats-Fischer-Flake-Toomey amendment that will be offered would wind down this program and it would make much better use of the unspent funds from this program. I want to be clear. This amendment prohibits DOE from reviewing any new loan applications after the bill’s enact-ment. There are currently some pend-ing applications. We do not address those pending applications. I hope seri-ous evaluation will be made relative to whether they qualify under the criteria that is laid out and we will not end up with any more Severstals. Those who argue that this shuts down an alternative energy program is not valid. Anything that is now being currently evaluated up through the end of 2020, the next 5 years—will be al-lowed to go forward and be evaluated under the program. The amendment doesn’t take that away. CBO scored this amendment as sav-ing at least $300 million over the next 10 years. I have been down here every week talking about a waste of the week. I have just identified another waste of taxpayer dollars. We are not counting that, but we are counting what we can save if this amendment is adopted. It is $300 million. I think that is a significant amount it raises our waste, fraud, and abuse level to $162 billion and change. I encourage my colleagues to work with us so we can offer this amend-ment. Remember, it does not affect anybody who has a proposal before the Department of Energy under this loan program. If that is underway, it can be evaluated—hopefully successfully eval-uated, and if it doesn’t qualify the cri-teria, won’t be accepted. The amend-ment does not free funds for anything that is not currently before the eval-uators of this program. I trust we can gain the support of my colleagues in saving the taxpayers some dollars. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3811 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, we are going to vote on the Hoeven amend-ment shortly. I rise to speak against that amendment, which would under-mine one of our Nation’s landmark en-vironmental laws, the Clean Water Act. It is very difficult for me to understand how we could be at this point in time attacking a clean water rule—a clean water rule in light of what has hap-pened in Flint, MI. This is what the water looked like as it came out of the tap in Flint at the height of the crisis. By the way, people were told this was safe. Why on Earth would we be going against the clean water rule at a time when we are fighting against this kind of problem? This is what the pipes looked like in Flint: the corrosion, the obvious prob-lems with lead. This was all getting right into the drinking water. While we look for ways to help the people of Flint—and I would love do it on this bill. If we can’t do it on this bill, I would love do it on the WRDA bill. If we can’t do it on the WRDA bill, I will do it on any bill. We need to take care of what happened there, and we also need to help other communities from the east coast to the middle of our Na-tion, to the west coast and help us help our families. Here we have in the face of Flint an attack on the clean water rule. Let’s see what else we have to say and what else we learned about what happened in Flint. Pregnant women, kids cautioned over Jackson water. This is in Mis-sissippi. Jackson, MS, also has a prob-lem with lead. What is our response to that today? To stop a clean water rule. What are my Republican friends think-ing? It doesn’t make sense. The Associated Press wrote this: ‘‘Elevated lead levels found in Newark schools’ drinking water.’’ Here we are talking about elevated levels of lead in Newark. We have places in California where the kids can’t drink the water out of a water fountain. So what is the response of the Republican Senate? Turn back a clean water rule. It makes absolutely no sense. What we have going on, on the Sen-ate floor, is a very heated debate, as I speak, about how to handle the issue in Flint. Let me tell you this. The first thing to do in the light of Flint is not to weaken environmental law, is not to stop a clean water rule. It is com-pletely ridiculous. My friends will say: All we are doing is delaying implementation for a year while the court looks at it. We shouldn’t be doing anything that plays into the hands of those special inter-ests that simply don’t want to clean up the water in our Nation. The clean water standards that are a target of this amendment are designed to safe-guard drinking water for America’s families and businesses. This dangerous amendment rolls back protections of small streams and wetlands that provide drinking water to one in three Americans. That is 117 million people put at risk because this U.S. Senate, run by the Republicans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Apr 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.010 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2360 April 21, 2016 
thinks the best thing to do in the light of Flint is to roll back the Clean Water Act. Come on. Get a life. Read the paper. Look at what happened to those people. This is the time to provide reli-able drinking water to all Americans and to clean up our waterways. Now is not the time—and it should not be the time—to attack the Clean Water Act, which is vital to the health and safety of our families. I want to mention that I have re-ceived opposition to the Hoeven amendment from numerous sports-men’s groups, including Backcountry Hunters and Anglers, International Federation of Fly Fishers, National Wildlife Federation, Theodore Roo-sevelt Conservation Partnership, and Trout Unlimited. These groups under-stand the important link between clean water and the outdoor recreation econ-omy. When you go right after the clean water rule, you are going after the peo-ple who enjoy outdoor recreation, and they are against the Hoeven amend-ment. Leading environmental and conserva-tion groups oppose the amendment, in-cluding American Rivers, Clean Water Action, Earthjustice, Earthworks, En-vironment America, Environmental Defense Fund, League of Conservation Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council, Prairie Rivers Network, Si-erra Club, and Southern Environ-mental Law Center. These are some of the most popular groups in the coun-try. Does anyone know what the rating of this Republican Congress was in the last polls I saw? It was 14 percent. Do you know what the rating of the President was in the last poll I saw? Over 50. So what does the Republican Senate do today? They are going after the President with their 14-percent rating in the polls. I say to my friends on the other side—and believe me, they are my friends: What are you doing? How do you expect people to support you when you, after seeing what happened in Flint, continue to go after landmark environmental clean water laws like you are doing today? In addition, public health groups, in-cluding the American Public Health Association, Physicians for Social Re-sponsibility, and Trust for America’s Health, have opposed similar legisla-tion to block this important rule, and 200,000 businesses represented by the American Sustainable Business Coun-cil have called on Senators to oppose efforts to block the clean water rule. These experts understand the impor-tance of the clean water rule, and they know that our drinking water remains vulnerable to pollution. Just last month, EPA released a re-port showing that nearly half of U.S. waterways are in poor condition. In fact, one in four waterways have levels of bacteria that fail to meet human health standards, and our children go swimming in these very waterways. We have cities across the United States with sewer systems that discharge raw, untreated sewage in waterways—again, where our children swim. It is a dis-grace. Despite enormous successes since passage of the Clean Water Act, we have more work to do. Nothing is more important than protecting the lives of the American people, whether it is through our military or through our public health laws. When we weak-en the Clean Water Act, as the Hoeven amendment will do, we put our families and our children at risk. Why are we here? Flint has put a spotlight on the need to keep our families safe from toxins and pollutants in their drinking water. The first thing the Republicans do in light of Flint is to try to roll back the clean water rule. I have to say that one of my deepest regrets—and I have written about it—is how partisan this place has become over environmental laws. When I start-ed a long time ago, Republicans were the ones leading the way on the envi-ronment. I remember there was a Re-publican State senator named Peter Behr, whom I supported because he un-derstood how critical it was to protect and defend the environment, not only as a legacy to our children in terms of the beauty of our planet but also for the very health and safety of our fami-lies. I have been in office for 40 years. It is hard to believe that it has been 40 years. I guess time flies when you like your work. The fact is that no one has ever come up to me and said: B
ARBARA , our water and air is too pure and way too clean. You need to do something about that. You need to dirty it up. Re-peal the landmark laws, B
ARBARA , that protect our water. They don’t do that. They come up and say: We are worried about the fact that we are not sure what contami-nants are in our water. I see my good friend is going to close out the debate, and I promised him that when he came to the floor, he wouldn’t have to listen too long. I say again: Please vote against the Hoeven amendment. This is not smart legislation in light of what we face. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I will yield the floor to the good Senator from Michigan for a minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I wanted to make a quick statement about an amendment that will come up for consideration on the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, of course I support my friend from Michi-gan, but we need to quickly move to a vote on the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I wanted to quickly take a moment to speak about the vehicle program from two sides. When I authored this legisla-tion back in 2007, we began to see fuel economy standards increase in the United States. Part of our focus at that time was to keep jobs in America and make sure we had low-cost financing available for companies, such as retool plants, so that smaller, fuel-efficient vehicles would be made in the United States rather than have those jobs shipped overseas. We saw that with the initial loan made to Ford Motor Com-pany. They were able to bring jobs back from Mexico and also focus on electric vehicles. As we fast forward to today, we are looking at fuel economy for trucks and larger vehicles. A loan was recently made to Alcoa. They are focused on aluminum materials so companies can make lighter weight trucks in order to meet new fuel economy standards. There are positives, but there are also areas under this loan program that have not been successful. I come to the floor to specifically say that when it is time to consider the Coats amendment, which will com-pletely eliminate this program, my col-leagues need to know that we are un-dercutting a carefully crafted bipar-tisan compromise with Senator INHOFE , Senator P
ORTMAN , and others to move forward on a water infrastructure plan to deal with lead in water that will not only help 100,000 people in the city of Flint, but it will also help people in Jackson, MS, Cleveland, OH, and other States across the country. Our proposal responsibly phases out this program and uses the funds for critical water infrastructure needs. We strongly oppose pulling the rug out from under not only Flint but also Jackson, MS, Cleveland, OH, and com-munities across the country that are counting on us to come together and pass what we have done in a bipartisan way to address critical water infra-structure needs and deal with the lead poisoning issues. I ask colleagues to vote no on the Coats amendment and allow us to phase out this program in a way so that we will be able to use this invest-ment in a critical way to address water infrastructure needs across the coun-try. I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am willing to yield to the junior Senator from Michigan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The jun-ior Senator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I concur with my colleague from Michigan, Sen-ator S
TABENOW . We urge our colleagues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.011 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2361 April 21, 2016 
to vote no on the Coats amendment. This is part of a very carefully crafted amendment to deal with water infra-structure around the country, and in particular Flint. I think this will be a win-win for those folks who may want to see this program go away. We have a plan to do that while also dealing with an incred-ibly important issue not only for our State but that is also incredibly impor-tant to other States across the coun-try. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I thank the Senator for yielding the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3811 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support an amendment I offered, amendment No. 3811, that prevents the EPA and the Corps of Engineers from implementing its waters of the United States final rule. The language for my amendment is actually identical to the waters of the United States provision in the un-derlying bill. It is already in the bill, H.R. 2028, which we are considering right now. My amendment will make sure that this waters of the United States provision stays in the bill and that our bill is consistent with legisla-tion supported by the House. It is critical to preserve the prohibi-tion on implementing the waters of the United States because this rule will greatly expand the scope of EPA regu-lations over nearly every water in the United States, threatening farmers and job creators with permitting require-ments and litigation that will make it more difficult for them to produce our Nation’s food and complete needed con-struction projects. Moreover, this regulatory overreach by the Army Corps of Engineers and the EPA is inconsistent with the law. Let’s look at what the courts are say-ing. When granting a preliminary in-junction against this rule, the North Dakota Federal District Court stated: 
The Rule allows EPA regulation of waters that do not bear any effect on the ‘‘chemical, physical and biological integrity’’ of any navigable-in-fact water. 
It went on further to state: 
The rule asserts jurisdiction over waters that are remote and intermittent waters. No evidence actually points to how these inter-mittent and remote wetlands have any nexus to navigable-in-fact water. 
That is the key. EPA has jurisdiction over navigable bodies of water, not ephemeral water that might be in a ditch today and gone tomorrow. Meanwhile, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals issued a nationwide stay of the rule, in Cincinnati, citing that EPA and the Corps of Engineers did not identify ‘‘specific scientific support substantiating the reasonableness of the bright-line standards they ulti-mately chose.’’ To get a sense of the size of the Fed-eral power grab we are talking about here, consider that under the adminis-tration’s final rule, all water located within 4,000 feet of any other water or within the 100-year floodplain is con-sidered a water of the United States as long as the EPA or the Army Corps of Engineers decides that it has ‘‘signifi-cant nexus.’’ That is the argument the EPA is making—‘‘significant nexus.’’ They are saying: Well, we can regulate navigable bodies of water. They just decided, without statutory authority provided by this Congress or any other authority, that because other waters run into navigable bodies, they can regulate all water, and they have issued a regulation to do that. The waters of the United States is clearly flawed from a legal perspective, but it is even more important to take a look at how this rule, if imple-mented, affects hard-working Ameri-cans with excessive regulations. For those of you who haven’t had the op-portunity to visit with a farmer from my State or any farmers across this country, do so. They will tell you how difficult it is to deal with excess water on their property, particularly when they face an overbearing regulation like this one. Those farmers can tell you that just because there is water in a ditch or field one week doesn’t mean that there will be water there next week. It certainly doesn’t make the water worthy of being treated the same as a river, a lake, or a navigable body of water. A field with a low spot that has standing water—— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask that the Members of this body not only consider the underlying issue and the impact it will have on farmers and ranchers. It will also affect everybody’s private property rights. I also ask my colleagues to consider their own pre-rogative. Under our Constitution we have legislative, judicial, and executive branches, and each has its own author-ity. We have to stand up on this one when an agency overreaches and takes statutory authority we have not pro-vided. I ask that Members join with me in support of this vitally important amendment. With that, I thank the Chair and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following locking in the votes, the Senator from California have an opportunity to speak and then that we move to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up the following amend-ments: Franken amendment No. 3833, Coats amendment No. 3814, and Murray amendment No. 3813; further, that fol-lowing the disposition of the Hoeven amendment No. 3811, the Senate vote on the Coats amendment No. 3814, with a 60-affirmative-vote threshold for adoption of the amendment; and that at 1:45 p.m. today, the Senate vote on the Franken amendment No. 3833; fi-nally, that at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, April 25, the Senate vote on the Mur-ray amendment No. 3813, with no sec-ond-degree amendments in order to any of the amendments prior to the votes, and that there be 2 minutes equally di-vided prior to each vote. May I say before the Senator from California speaks, I see the Senators from Michigan are here and the Sen-ator from Indiana. I wish to thank the three of them for working with Senator FEINSTEIN and me toward the goal of making sure that Senators who have a germane amendment have the oppor-tunity to have an up-or-down vote. If we are able to follow that practice gen-erally, we will be able to have an ap-propriations process and the Senate will function well. They all responded quickly and promptly on issues they feel very strongly about, and I thank them for it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the request? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from California. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3811 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I want to say a few words. The junior Senator from California has been speaking in opposition to the waters of the United States amend-ment sponsored by Senator H
OEVEN . I just want to put before the body a lit-tle bit of the history. In 2006 the Supreme Court introduced real uncertainty regarding which wet-lands and water bodies were subject to Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. Since 2006 the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers have been working on new rules to clarify their jurisdiction and address the Su-preme Court’s ruling. EPA and the Army Corps just final-ized the new rule last May. This new rule helps resolve almost a decade of confusion by clearly stating which types of water bodies are subject to Federal jurisdiction and which are not. It will make Federal permitting easier, faster, and less costly for business and industry. It maintains all previous ex-emptions and exclusions for normal farming and ranching practices and ag-ricultural discharges, such as irriga-tion return flow and storm water run-off. Nevertheless, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals has issued a stay suspending implementation of the rule. I strongly believe we should let the courts decide whether the executive branch has over-reached in its interpretation of con-gressional statute, just like the Con-stitution calls for. The President has threatened to veto the entire Energy and Water appropria-tions bill if this amendment is included in it. Right now, we have the best op-portunity in 7 years to pass this bill as a stand-alone piece of legislation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.013 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2362 April 21, 2016 
get the Senate appropriations process working again. So I am very hopeful and would strongly recommend that the Senate defeat the Hoeven amendment. Thank you very much, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the Hoeven amendment No. 3811. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 56, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 57 Leg.] YEAS—56 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, in a moment Senator C
OATS will call up his amendment, the Coats and Toomey amendment. I want to thank the Michigan Sen-ators and others for making the sched-ule work today. For the information of all Senators, after the Coats amend-ment, the next vote will be at 1:45 p.m. on the Franken amendment. That will be the last vote today. The next vote will be on the Murray amendment on Monday afternoon. Senators and their staffs have been very good about getting their amend-ments in. We think we have all the amendments. We have asked to have them by 1 p.m. so we could by con-sensus finish up on Monday and Tues-day, giving everybody a chance to have their vote if it is a germane amend-ment and to speak on the germane amendments. My request on behalf of Senator FEINSTEIN and me is that if there are any amendments still out there, we would like to have them by 1 o’clock. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3814 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3801 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 3814, to be offered by the Senator from Indiana, Mr. C
OATS . Mr. COATS. Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 3814. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. C OATS ] pro- poses an amendment numbered 3814 to amendment No. 3801. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To limit the use of funds made available for the Advanced Technology Ve-hicles Manufacturing Loan Program) On page 30, line 9, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used to administer, re-view, or approve any loan or loan application that was not submitted as of the date of en-actment of this Act: Provided further, that none of the funds available to the Secretary of Energy to provide any credit subsidy under subsection (d) of section 136 of the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013) as of the date of enactment of this Act shall be obligated for new loan commitments under that subsection on or after October 1, 2020.’’. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, 205 loans issued by the Department of En-ergy under the alternative vehicle pro-gram have failed, costing taxpayers $500 million in losses. DOE currently sits on $4 billion of unused money. It is time to wind down this program. This will not affect any proposals that are currently with the Department of En-ergy on this program, but it will pre-vent any new programs going forward. We can save the taxpayers a lot of money and use this for other alter-natives if we adopt this amendment. I yield the remainder of my time to the Senator from Pennsylvania. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, this is exactly the kind of program our con-stituents hate. It is the crony cap-italism where taxpayers are forced to subsidize preferred companies, special interests. How many hundreds of mil-lions of dollars do taxpayers have to lose? I understand there is some discussion that maybe on some bill in the future, this will get phased out as part of an-other deal, but who knows if that is ever going to happen. Here is a chance to wipe out some crony capitalism, some corporate welfare, and a huge loss for taxpayers. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. TOOMEY. Let’s adopt this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I would certainly urge all of my col-leagues to oppose the Coats amend-ment. What this does is eliminate a program that basically pays for a very carefully crafted agreement on which we are working to deal with the Flint water issue, as well as water infra-structure issues all across this coun-try. This is part of the proposal Sen-ator STABENOW and I have been work-ing on and have been building support. We are looking to move to this very shortly to deal with this broad issue. A vote against this amendment allows us to continue to move forward with a bi-partisan plan, critical for our whole country. I yield my remaining time to the sen-ior Senator from Michigan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, the bottom line is that we have devel-oped a bipartisan bill that phases out this program in a responsible way for the businesses that are currently in-volved and uses that to pay for water infrastructure needs across the coun-try, not only in Flint but in Jackson, MI, and Cleveland, OH—across the country. So we can achieve what the Senators are talking about in a way that helps us with water infrastructure. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. The question is on agreeing to amendment No. 3814. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 58 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Ayotte Barrasso Boozman Burr Capito Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.014 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2363 April 21, 2016 
Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—49 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Blunt Cruz Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. The Senator from Arizona. 
TRIBUTE TO SANDY LEDY  
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I rise today to recognize Sandy Ledy, a dedi-cated Senate staff member who will re-tire after more than two decades of public service in my office. Soon after being elected to the Sen-ate in 1994, Senator John Kyl was wise enough to offer Sandy—a standout campaign volunteer—a job on his new staff. Sandy was given two options: She could work as a staffer in Washington, DC, or she could serve in Arizona and serve as John Kyl’s military case work-er. Sandy knew she couldn’t pass up an opportunity to serve those who serve our Nation. It was an easy decision for Sandy and a fortuitous one for Arizo-na’s military servicemembers, vet-erans, and their families. Sandy’s genuine passion for our mili-tary service men and women, combined with her meticulous approach to her work, has made her an invaluable staff-er. Sandy is well-versed in all things military, from regulations, to benefits, to the service academies. Her vast knowledge has ensured that Arizona’s military service men and women have had nothing but the best assistance for more than the past two decades. Her reputation preceded her, and when I was elected as Senator in 2012, I had an easy decision of my own—of-fering Sandy a job on my staff. Thank-fully, she said yes. Sandy is probably best known around the State as the point person for serv-ice academy nominations. Her under-standing of that process and what it takes for a student to be an excellent nominee has helped so many students fulfill their dreams of attending one of our prestigious service academies. Her focus on preparation and attention to detail has turned what can be a very daunting task into a seamless produc-tion, resulting in countless nomina-tions and appointments to the service academies. While we all marvel at Sandy’s me-ticulousness, it is her compassion and calm demeanor that make her such an asset. This is never more evident than when she is working with students and parents in the long and complicated process of applying to attend one of these service academies. Beyond her work on behalf of the military, she is an active and cherished member of her community in Cave Creek, AZ. She is a member of her church choir, a regular volunteer at the Cave Creek Museum, and a long-time swim coach, sometimes judging local meets. But there is no better tes-tament to Sandy’s example as a public servant than her two children, Amy and Joe. Amy is a graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy who herself re-cently retired after a career in the military. Joe served in the U.S. Marine Corps. They have made her the proud grandmother of three, and she is look-ing forward to spending a well-deserved retirement looking after those grandkids. Sandy, thank you for more than 20 years of dedicated public service in the Senate and, in particular, for the 4 years of stellar service as a member of my staff. Your knowledge and passion will be greatly missed. I wish you well in your retirement. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I am on the floor with my col-league Senator P
ORTMAN to join him in urging the House to take prompt ac-tion on the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, which passed with such a stunning bipartisan vote in the Senate. As Senator P
ORTMAN has pointed out, years of careful preparation went into the drafting of this bill. There were five separate national hearings held in Washington with people from all over the country. This is a very polished and carefully developed piece of legis-lative work that has the support not only of the addiction and recovery community but of the law enforcement community and many others. Senator P
ORTMAN has been very dili-gent about coming to the floor to press for action from the House of Represent-atives. My view is that since the House of Representatives is under Republican control, they are more likely to be at-tentive to the urgings of a Republican Senator—particularly one who has served in the House of Representa-tives—than they are to me. But I want to make sure the record is clear that I fully support rapid passage of this bill, whether it is something that is close enough that we can quick-ly get it through conference or whether it is our bill, to which they are free to add things as they wish over time, but can get to the President now—the rea-son I think it is important that it get to the President now is we are in the appropriations process. The appropri-ators for these accounts need to know what they are appropriating to. So time is of the essence, not just because of the lives that are being lost day-to- day and month-to-month out there but also because our appropriators need to know. I urge my colleagues in the House of Representatives, Democrats and Re-publicans alike, to listen to the distin-guished Senator from Ohio. Let’s try to get this done. With that, I yield to Senator PORTMAN with my thanks and appre-ciation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. First, Madam Presi-dent, I want to thank my colleague from Rhode Island who just spoke. We did work together for the past few years in putting together this legisla-tion, and we did it, by the way, with the House of Representatives. So Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE and I took good ideas wherever we could find them, in what-ever part of the country it came from, including ideas from the House of Rep-resentatives. We didn’t ask who had the idea; we asked whether it was a good idea. We kept this entirely non-partisan, not just bipartisan. There-fore, we built something that makes sense for our communities back home to deal with this epidemic of prescrip-tion drug and heroin addiction and overdoses. I appreciate his partnership in this, and I appreciate the fact that he came to the floor today to talk about the im-portance of moving ahead with this legislation. After all, it is very rare around here to get a 94-to-1 vote on anything, and we did it on this bill. After 2
1⁄2weeks on the floor of the Sen-ate talking about this heroin and pre-scription drug epidemic, every single Senator here realized this was a prob-lem in their States, and 94 Senators stood up and agreed this legislation will help address it. By the way, since we passed the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, as it is called, on March 10 in the Senate, 42 days have passed. That is more than a month. Every day, we lose about 120 Americans—120 Americans—to drug overdoses. That means in these 42 days we have lost over 5,000 fellow American citizens to drug overdoses. Think about that. I do urge the House to act and act quickly. These numbers keep getting higher and higher. This is not getting better. Back in Ohio, this is getting worse, and I assume the same is true in your State, if you are a Senator or if you are a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives in your district. Since 2007, we have looked at these numbers, and drug overdoses have killed more Ohioans than car acci-dents. It is now the No. 1 cause of acci-dental death in Ohio. It has tripled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.004 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2364 April 21, 2016 
from 1999 to 2010. We are now told, by the way, that 200,000 Ohioans are ad-dicted to opioids—opioids are prescrip-tion drugs—and heroin—200,000 Ohio-ans. That is the size of a significant city in any State represented here in this body or any district on the other side. In fact, it is the same size as the city of Akron, OH, where I was on Monday of this week, meeting with their opioid task force. They are alarmed at what is happening, and they want to be sure we are making every possible effort we can on the prevention side, the edu-cation side, to get more people into treatment, to get them into longer term recovery, to provide police offi-cers and other first responders with Narcan, the miracle drug they need to stop overdoses from turning into a death. They want our help. They sup-port the CARA legislation. They need it, and they need it now. The Cincinnati Enquirer had some really troubling news last week. They wrote a story about a new poll that is out. It is a group called Interact for Health. They do an annual Ohio health issues poll. They found in the poll in 2014 that 2 of every 10 Ohioans knew someone who was abusing prescription drugs. A year later, it is 3 in 10, so this is not getting better. This is getting worse. By the way, this is just prescrip-tion drugs. And by the way, of the 3 in 10 who knew somebody who is abusing prescription drugs, 4 in 10—4 in 10— knew somebody who had overdosed on those prescription drugs. So these per-centages are increasing across the board—every age group, every edu-cation level, every income level. There is no demographic, no ZIP Code, no State, no city, and no county that is safe from this epidemic. It is spreading, and it is spreading everywhere. This poll is another indication that we have a lot of work to do. This should be a motivation for us. This should get us to pass this legislation. And, yes, can we work on additional legislation? Of course, we can and should. I am encouraged that the House is taking up new bills and look-ing at this in different ways. That is good. But we know here in the Senate and over in the House that this CARA legislation will help and will help now. By the way, there are over 120 co-sponsors of the CARA legislation in the House. Not only did we work with them and introduce identical legislation in the House and the Senate, anticipating this day when we could pass it in one House, but we wanted to pass it quick-ly in the other House and get it to the President for his signature. There are over 120 cosponsors over there. It is bi-partisan. Think of the impact we could have on the community if we could get this passed. If we could turn around just one life, it matters, and we know this can save many lives and make many people begin to look at this issue dif-ferently—that this is a disease. Addic-tion is a disease and needs to be treat-ed as such. Removing some of that stigma alone will bring a lot more peo-ple into treatment, and that is part of what is important about this legisla-tion. There is another issue that is not prescription drugs, and it is not heroin, but it is another issue related to it, and that is fentanyl. Fentanyl is being laced with heroin throughout the coun-try. In Cleveland, OH, a couple of weeks ago, we lost 12 people—12 peo-ple—in 6 days to overdoses. That is one city. This was heroin, but it was laced with this even more dangerous toxic substance called fentanyl. By the way, it comes in the mail. The drug dealers are shipping it in the mail. Fentanyl is so toxic—10 to 30 to 40 times more toxic than heroin—that it is dangerous even to open up the mail if you are an inspector, we are told. We had a hearing on this just this week. We talked to the Customs and Border Patrol people: Our question was, Why can’t we stop this stuff from coming in? This, unfortunately, is something that is also increasing. Ohio, they say, is one of the top States in the country in terms of fentanyl overdoses. But I will tell those who have not dealt with this fentanyl issue yet that it creates even more issues because it is so dead-ly. After 3 years of work on this CARA legislation, Senator W
HITEHOUSE and I and others, including Senators on both sides of the aisle—we did hold five fo-rums, as he said, on various aspects of this debate. We consulted with the ex-perts on treatment and recovery, the experts who are focused on how to keep kids and other people from making these bad decisions in the prevention and the education community. We met with the drug experts from the admin-istration, such as the White House Of-fice of National Drug Control Policy. We brought in people from all over the country, including from my home State of Ohio. This is the third time I have come to the floor. I have come once every week that we have been in session since we passed it to say to the House: Let’s move on CARA. Let’s get it done. It will help immediately. The majority leader in the House has said he wants the House to take on the drug epidemic and pass legislation soon. I believe him. He is a good man. I appreciate that. But I would ask him again to please work on the other legis-lation. It is fine to take them through hearings and markups, but we cannot delay. We know CARA will work, and it will work now. It is sitting over there and ready for action. It can be taken to the floor immediately under suspension and can be passed. We are one vote away from having this go to the Presi-dent and having it go to help in our communities. The chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, F
RED U
PTON , who is a good friend and a man with a big heart and cares about this issue, has said he would like the House to move quickly with, as he said, an ‘‘all hands on deck effort.’’ Good for him. One of his subcommittees, the Health Subcommittee, recently marked up a dozen bills. This happened yesterday; they marked up 12 bills. Look at those bills. A number of them are actually a part of CARA already. They are in CARA. They are smaller bills. None of them is comprehensive, like CARA. One reason we have to get CARA passed is this is a problem that has to be addressed from all angles, from all sectors, and that is why it has to be comprehensive. But of those 12 bills that were marked up yesterday, many of them are identical, and others are very similar to the CARA legislation. So this shouldn’t slow us down. In fact, it is even more an indication that if these are the kinds of bills the House thinks are the right way to go, let’s get CARA passed and then we can work on the other legislative ideas Members may have. I respect my colleagues—Chairman UPTON , the majority leader over there, and Chairman Pence, the chairman of the subcommittee and also a guy who cares a lot about this issue—but let’s give CARA a vote. There are 125 co-sponsors. That is the latest number I have as of this morning, and the num-ber keeps growing. It is bipartisan, it is bicameral, and it is the right thing to do. Again, I know there are other ideas out there, and that is fine. We need to take those up as well. But let’s go ahead and get this passed. Put it under suspension, and take it to the floor. It will pass. We are one vote away from having this help our communities. CARA is not just comprehensive; it does the right thing in terms of focus-ing on what is evidence based. In other words, we didn’t just say ‘‘Let’s throw more money at this problem,’’ we said ‘‘Let’s actually find out what is work-ing and what is not working.’’ I was in Dayton, OH, with a group called Project C.U.R.E. on Friday. I had the chance to visit with some of the administrators there, some of the recovery coaches, as they call them-selves, many of whom, by the way, are recovering themselves. They are doing an amazing job. I talked to many of the patients who were there. They are peo-ple who are recovering addicts. Some have been clean for 2 weeks, some clean for 2 years. But I asked them the same question I ask all over our State: What works? What doesn’t work? How did this happen? Most of them, by the way, told me the same story you hear time and again: It started with prescription drugs. In fact, one story was from a man by the name of Anthony. He dropped out of high school at age 14, got into drugs, and made some mis-takes in his life, which he readily ac-knowledges. He ended up in prison. He said he had eight convictions and was in and out of prison, in and out of the drug world. He decided to go straight. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.020 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2365 April 21, 2016 
He made a decision. For him, a lot of it was faith based and a lot was being sure he was going to be able to take care of his family and be a contributing member of his community, so he gave back. Anthony had a good job, had gotten married, and was on the right track. He was on his way to work one day, and he was in a car accident. For those experts who are listening to this today, you probably know happened. I don’t even have to tell you. When he got in the car accident, he was injured. They sent him to the hospital. What did they give him at the hospital? Narcotic pain pills, Percocet, prescription drugs. Immediately—immediately—An-thony became addicted again. He is now struggling, but he is back at the treatment center. He is getting his life back together again. But in the mean-time he has lost his family because the drugs became everything. He lost his job because the drugs became every-thing. We talk a lot about the overdoses, and they are horrible—120 Americans a day. We don’t talk enough about those who aren’t overdosing but who have lost their ability to achieve their own God-given purpose in life because the drugs are everything. So they have lost their families—torn apart. They have lost their jobs. They have lost their ability to be contributing members of our society. And those people who get into treatment and longer term recov-ery, as Anthony is doing, can turn their lives around. There is hope. It can work. Anthony is back for a second chance. Having talked to him, I believe he is not just on the right track but he will work through this. This legislation is needed to help him. When I do meet with recovering ad-dicts, I ask them to look at the legisla-tion, look at the summaries, and tell me what they think. What they tell me is they like it because they are con-vinced it would help others to have the access to treatment they have. Prob-ably only 1 out of 10 of those people who are addicted are getting treat-ment. That is the best number I have. Maybe it is a little higher than that in your State or congressional district, but this is an issue where, if we provide more resources for treatment and begin to remove that stigma around treat-ment and get more people into a sys-tem where they can begin to get their lives back together with treatment, we know that works. Our legislation supports veterans task forces and veterans courts because we know this will help with our vet-erans who are coming back with PTSD, 20 percent of whom have this addiction. People say it is self-medicating. They have self-medicated to the point that they are now addicts. We need to put them not into a prison cell but into a treatment program. That is what these veterans courts do, and they surround these veterans with other veterans. They do an awesome job. I have been to them in Ohio. You have them probably in your State. If you don’t, this legisla-tion will help because it creates more veterans courts. We have talked on the floor before about the fact that there has been a huge increase—a 750 percent increase in the State of Ohio—in babies born with addiction. That is just in the last 12 years in Ohio. Go to any neonatal unit in your State or congressional dis-trict, and you will see these babies. They are being lovingly cared for by doctors and nurses. They are taking these addicted babies you could hold in the palm of your hand, and they are literally taking them through with-drawal. They have to because these ba-bies are addicted and showing the symptoms you might see in an adult of addiction. We don’t know what the long-term consequences are. We are having a hearing on this tomorrow in Cleveland, OH, at one of our great hospitals—Uni-versity Hospitals Rainbow Babies & Children’s Hospital. It is one of the best children’s hospitals in the coun-try. Their neonatal unit is doing awe-some work. I have been there and seen it. We are going to talk to the experts about this and how we can do even bet-ter to help these babies. But wouldn’t it be great if we didn’t have so many babies born with addiction because mothers, knowing the consequences, dealt with their addiction problem to avoid it through prevention and edu-cation efforts? Wouldn’t it be great if we didn’t have this 750-percent increase in children whose futures are uncertain because of being born with this addic-tion? Again, there is hope. I have been to a women’s recovery center in Cleveland and Columbus and also in Eastern Ohio and Athens, OH, where I have met with women in long-term recovery with drug addiction. They are there with their kids. There is hope. With this legislation, we do have the ability to give people more hope. Get-ting rid of that stigma, not judging people, is part of beating this epidemic, and CARA will do that by treating ad-diction like a disease. There is an opportunity for us to move, and move quickly, to address this growing crisis we have in our States and our communities; that is, to pass this CARA legislation. Is it all we should do? No. Of course we should do more. I know the House of Representa-tives will have some great ideas. I know there are some great ideas in this body. The HELP Committee is working on additional ideas on how to get more medicine into this area of addiction, science, and treatment. They are work-ing on ways to ensure that we can pro-vide more help to people. That is great, and we should continue to work on that. Meanwhile, we know this legislation will help. We know that if it is sitting on the desk in the House of Represent-atives, having passed the Senate by a 94-to-1 vote, it is not going to help. But we know if it can get off the desk and onto the floor for a vote, we are one vote away from getting it to our com-munities to begin to help, to keep peo-ple from making the wrong decision— but then if they get into a drug addic-tion, it can help them to be able to turn their lives around and to achieve their potential in life, their God-given potential. That is what this argument is about. It is not about the fact that the Senate has all the answers. By the way, we wrote this legislation with the House. They were engaged from the start. We introduced identical bills and they had 125 cosponsors. All we are saying is, let’s let this one piece of legislation go, let’s allow it to begin to help right away, and then let’s continue to work on other ideas. Again, we have lost nearly 5,000 Americans to drug overdoses since the Senate passed CARA with a 94-to-1 vote. To begin to reverse this tide—this trend of addiction, of overdoses—we can and should act now. It is urgent. There is a crisis. There is no time to waste. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Madam President, I wish to thank my friend for his com-ments about addiction. I agree with the Senator from Ohio, talking about the victims from Ohio. I can assure him we have victims in Virginia and all across the country, and we need to get this legislation to the President’s desk so people who are hurt by the scourge of drugs can get the treatment they need. Again, I thank him for his leadership. 
NOMINATION OF MERRICK GARLAND  
Madam President, I rise to again ex-press my disappointment that many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have continued to obstruct con-sideration of an eminently qualified candidate to fill the vacancy on the Su-preme Court. It has now been 36 days since Presi-dent Obama nominated Judge Merrick Garland; that is, 36 days that our high-est Court has been relegated to falling short of its full constitutional obliga-tions. Make no mistake. The Senate’s inaction is already having a tangible impact on the Court’s ability to func-tion effectively. During the current session, we have seen our eight current Justices end up in a 4-to-4 deadlock in three separate cases since Justice Scalia’s passing—effectively muting the Court’s voice in consequential judi-cial proceedings. President Reagan himself said: ‘‘Every day that passes with a Supreme Court below full strength impairs the people’s business in that crucially im-portant body.’’ More recently, retired Justice Sandra Day O’Connor put it quite simply, as she always does. She said: ‘‘I think we need somebody there now to do the job, and let’s get on with it.’’ Indeed, the Supreme Court has grant-ed only three cases since Justice Scalia 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.021 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2366 April 21, 2016 
died—a number experts say is extraor-dinarily low and an indication that the eight sitting Justices are acutely aware of the precarious position the Court is in with a vacancy. Many Senators apparently believe that President Obama shouldn’t be able to make appointments under article II because he is in the last year of his term. The record shows there is noth-ing in the Constitution that says the President is only President for 3 of the 4 years of his or her term. I don’t un-derstand that reasoning. Under that reasoning, any of those same Senators who have made that argument shouldn’t be voting on any bill that comes before this body in the last year of their Senate term. If we continue with that rationale, the President’s of-fice and the Senate would lead to fur-ther dysfunction. Quite honestly, that logic is beyond the pale. It is clear as well that the American people expect us to do our job. Recent polls show that by a 2-to-1 margin Americans want the Senate to hold hearings and vote on Judge Garland’s nomination. That is why I remain so perplexed by the logical contortions that many of my colleagues are under-taking to justify their obstruction and quite honestly their failure to do their job. I had the chance to meet with Judge Garland last week. His qualifications and dedication to public service are be-yond reproach. He has received strong bipartisan support in the past, but what also stood out to me are his measured view of the role of the judici-ary, his strong record on national secu-rity, and commitment to keeping our country safe. This past Tuesday marked the 21st anniversary of the bombing of a Fed-eral building in Oklahoma City. On that tragic day in 1995, 168 people, in-cluding 19 children, lost their lives. To this day, the Oklahoma City bombing remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in our Nation’s history. Judge Garland at that time was Prin-cipal Associate Deputy Attorney Gen-eral. He was the guy who led the crimi-nal investigation and supervised the prosecution of the bombers. Merrick Garland fought for justice for the vic-tims and the families in Oklahoma City. Through his tireless efforts, deep understanding of the law, and atten-tion to detail, he ensured that the pros-ecution had an airtight case. Ulti-mately, both bombers were success-fully convicted. This is the highest profile instance in which Judge Garland exhibited his commitment to making and keeping our country safe, but it is far from the only one. In my meeting with him, it was clear that the safety and security of our citizens is an issue that quite honestly keeps him up at night. What also stands out about my con-versation with Judge Garland is his sense of humility. Our conversation and his judicial record demonstrate to me that he is a moderate, thoughtful, consensus candidate. As Judge Garland said in the Rose Garden on the day he was nominated: 
People must be confident that a judge’s de-cisions are determined by the law and only the law. For a judge to be worthy of such trust, he or she must be faithful to the Con-stitution, and to the statutes passed by Con-gress. He or she must put aside his personal views or preferences and follow the law; not make it. Fidelity to the Constitution and the law has been the cornerstone of my professional life, and is the hallmark of the kind of judge I have tried to be for the past 18 years. 
These are not the words nor the track record of a judicial activist. In my opinion, this is the kind of judge that Merrick Garland has been: not a judicial activist but someone who rec-ognizes the important role and the im-portant balance between the executive, legislative, and judicial branches. I am encouraged that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have at least begun to give Judge Garland the courtesy of a meeting, but meetings alone are not sufficient. The American people deserve the opportunity to hear Judge Garland’s qualifications debated in a public hearing in the Judiciary Committee, and they deserve an up-or- down vote on the Senate floor. That is all we ask. I again urge my colleagues to give Judge Garland the consideration other nominees have received. At the end of the day, if they choose to vote against him, that is their right, but the idea that somehow they are interpreting the Constitution to say that in the last year of a Presidency a qualified judge should not even receive consideration of a hearing and a vote is quite hon-estly beyond the pale. Too often these debates end up going on and become extraordinarily com-plicated. In many ways, what I hear from Virginians—regardless of whether they want me to support Judge Gar-land—is a very simple message: Do your job. In the coming days and weeks, I hope the Senate will do its job and give Judge Garland the consider-ation of a hearing before the Judiciary Committee and then take up this emi-nently qualified jurist’s nomination on the floor and give him the vote he de-serves. I yield the floor. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT  
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I rise to recognize the importance of the signing of the Paris Agreement. Tomorrow marks the 46th anniver-sary of Earth Day—the first Earth Day—the Earth Day that occurred when I was in seventh grade. My sev-enth grade teacher made a point of making sure all the students were aware of it. They made sure we had a chance to do a field trip to the commu-nity college to learn about some of the issues related to stewardship of the planet. It is a day to appreciate the extraor-dinary beauty of our blue-green planet but also to recognize, to remind our-selves of the fact that we have a huge responsibility to be good stewards of the wonderful planet we have. It was Theodore Roosevelt who said that ‘‘our greatest central task [is] leaving this land even a better land for our descendants than it is for us.’’ That is the definition of stewardship, and that is what Earth Day is all about. This is why it is so fitting that tomor-row, on Earth Day, America will join other nations in signing the Paris Agreement. This international climate accord is a tremendous step forward. It makes clear the world recognizes that global warming is a very significant and grave concern facing human civilization on this planet. It is, indeed, the moral challenge of our generation. I am proud and inspired by the global community’s unprecedented commit-ment to avert global warming, to avert a climate crisis. We know what the stakes are. We don’t need computer models to look 50 years into the future because the impacts are here today. We see it in our own communities. We see it in our own States. We see it through the impact of droughts, the impact of wildfires, the impact of heat waves, the storms, the hurricanes, the tornadoes. We see it through story after story of this year or this month being the warmest ever recorded by humans. These events have profound costs that can be measured in lost lives, lost homes, lost businesses, billions of dol-lars in disaster relief. It is important to understand that global warming’s major assault is on our rural communities, on our farming, our fishing, and our forestry. You can see it across the world. You can see it across the country. You can see it just inside my home State of Oregon. We have had significant droughts greatly impacting our agricultural community in my State. We have had a loss of snowpack in the Cascades, a trend over decades im-pacting the availability of water for ir-rigation in farming. We have seen the impact on fishing, with streams that are warmer and smaller than they were in the past. We have seen it on our oys-ter population on the coast, where now the oysters are having trouble repro-ducing because the Pacific Ocean is 30 percent more acidic than it was before we started burning fossil fuels on this planet. That greater acidity is affect-ing the ability of baby oysters to form shells. That should frighten us all—the ability of shellfish to form shells being threatened. It is hard to imagine that we have burned enough fossil fuels to actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.023 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2367 April 21, 2016 
impact the acidity of the oceans. But we have, and the problem is getting worse. We see the impact on our for-ests. We see it in my home State of Or-egon through the red zone. That is the term given to the vast swaths of for-ests that have been killed by pine bee-tles because the winters now are not cold enough to kill off the pine beetle. So the infestations are much more ag-gressive, much more widespread. We see the impact on our forests from more vigorous wildfires and a longer forest fire season—a season that has grown by 60 days over 40 years. That is 2 months. In fact, we have even had forest fires in Oregon in the month of January. It is a huge loss, a huge im-pact on the ecosystem, and a huge im-pact on the economy. If you care about rural America and our farming, our fishing, and our for-estry, you must care about carbon pol-lution and global warming. Scientists agree that we must keep the warming of our planet under 2 degrees Celsius in order to avoid the catastrophic impacts of climate change—impacts much worse than what we are seeing now. But we have already warmed the planet by 1 degree. So we are halfway toward that boundary, which is why an impor-tant component of the Paris agreement is not just the substance of the agree-ment itself but also a compact that the international community will revisit every 5 years, because the measures taken in the Paris agreement are not enough to fend off catastrophe. What they do represent is virtually every nation in the world coming to-gether and saying we understand the challenge to our planet, and we under-stand that we must be part of the solu-tion. To have more heads of state come together in December for the Paris agreement than at any other time in human history is very impressive. But the commitments made, even if they are fully fulfilled, don’t go far enough. We are going to have to come back to-gether every 5 years to add to our un-derstanding and to increase the speed with which we are pivoting from fossil fuels to renewable fuels. At those 5-year gatherings, we will strengthen our pledges, we will work to reduce the emissions even further, and we will review the changing tech-nologies. There is so much investment going on. There is a program called Mission Innovation, which is a number of countries coming together, private companies coming together, and foun-dations coming together to develop the best ideas—out-of-the-box ideas—to be able to take on the challenge of global warming. Those technologies are going to be a key part of accelerating our ability to tackle this challenge. We have to keep working to drive down the cost curve on renewable en-ergy so that it makes a positive con-tribution to our economy in every pos-sible way, lowering the cost of power while at the same time putting thou-sands or, in some technologies, mil-lions of individuals to work. We have to make sure developing countries can afford these options in solar, wind, and other renewable strategies. Together, we must invest in para-digm-shifting technology. One of those might be battery storage, to make bet-ter use of solar energy when the solar energy exceeds current demand, or to capture wind energy when the wind is blowing strongly and our wind turbines are producing more than the current demand. It means we have to do things such as investing in a broader grid to ship those amps of electricity around the country—those watts of energy around the country. Here at home, we can’t keep up business as usual. If we need to pivot from fossil fuels to renewables, then we shouldn’t keep subsidizing fos-sil fuels. We can’t keep drilling oil off-shore and opening up drilling in new places like the Arctic. The Arctic na-tion should come together and reach a pact not to drill in the Arctic and to put it off-limits. As American citizens, you and I own a lot of oil, a lot of coal, and we must recognize that we need to keep those fossil fuels that we own in the ground because here is the size of the problem. For us to succeed in keeping the tem-perature of our planet below 2 degrees Celsius above the pre-industrial age, we have to leave 80 percent of the identi-fied proven fossil fuel reserves in the world in the ground. If we are going to do that, then it makes no sense at all—for what you and I own as citizens—to be pulling it out of the ground. It makes no sense to be doing contracts today—leases—that provide a legal contract for extraction of our coal, our oil, and our gas, which you and I own as citizens, three dec-ades, four decades, or five decades into the future—long after the world has to have pivoted off of fossil fuels. It is said that when you are in a hole, stop digging. In this case, we are in a carbon pollution hole, and we need to stop digging fossil fuels out of the ground. Instead, we must seize the op-portunity to invest in the infrastruc-ture of the future, to spur a clean en-ergy revolution, and to build a green economy creating living-wage jobs. It has been said that we are the first gen-eration to feel the impact of global warming, and we are the last genera-tion that can do something about it. That is a huge responsibility. The signing of this agreement consists of doing something about it, something major about it, something important about it, something that all the Na-tions in the world have come together to do together to take this on and to recognize our collective responsibility. It is a breakthrough moment in the fight—the international fight, the human civilization fight—to take on this moral, major challenge to our planet. While this deal is by no means the end of the work we must do, having the global community come together around a vision of action is a huge milestone in the path to averting cli-mate catastrophe. This agreement should only strengthen our Nation’s re-solve to build a sustainable future, to protect our beautiful blue-green planet, and to work harder to fight climate change not just on Earth Day but every day of the year. In fact, this agreement is very much central to the task that Theodore Roosevelt put before us: to leave our land a better land for our de-scendants than it is for us. Let’s get to work. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3833 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3801 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 3833. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. F
RANKEN ] proposes an amendment numbered 3833 to amendment No. 3801. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide funding for the Tribal Energy Loan Guarantee Program) On page 29, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: T
RIBAL ENERGY LOANGUARANTEE PROGRAM  For the cost of loan guarantees provided under section 2602(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(c)), $8,500,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the cost of those loan guarantees (in-cluding the costs of modifying loans, as ap-plicable) shall be determined in accordance with section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 661a): Provided further, That, for necessary administrative expenses to carry out that program, $500,000 is appro-priated, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That, of the subsidy amounts provided by section 1425 of the De-partment of Defense and Full-Year Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 126), for the cost of loan guarantees for renewable energy or efficient end-use energy technologies under section 1703 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16513), $9,000,000 is permanently can-celed. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, Federal programs in Indian Country are chronically underfunded. I have served on the Indian Affairs Committee for the past 7 years, and I have been shocked by what I hear almost every week from tribal leaders about the challenges in Indian Country. Tribes struggle with crumbling schools, dilap-idated roads, lack of housing, and lack of basic infrastructure. Many of the crises we hear about in Indian Country come from lack of opportunity, lack of hope. Indian youth have the highest rate of suicide among all ethnic groups in the United States. Suicide is the sec-ond-leading cause of death for Native youth aged 15 to 24. The Indian suicide rate is 62 percent higher than it is for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.025 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2368 April 21, 2016 
the general population. Unemployment on Indian reservations averages 19 per-cent, and on some reservations it is above 50 percent. Senators M
URKOWSKI , HEITKAMP , and U
DALL understand the dire needs of In-dian Country, which is why they have cosponsored my amendment. Chairman B
ARRASSO also understands the needs of Indian Country, and that is why he also supports this amendment. They understand that we have to support economic development for tribes when-ever we can. My amendment sets aside $9 million, which can be leveraged into about $50 to $85 million worth of loans for energy projects in Indian Country. Developing tribal energy resources will help tribes bring power to the most remote parts of Indian Country—improving access to reliable and resilient energy and pro-viding much needed jobs. That is why Congress authorized the loan program in the Energy Policy Act of 2005—to help tribes access the capital they need for energy projects. But this program has never received funding. My amendment doesn’t cost any-thing. We are simply putting $9 million of already-appropriated money toward a new use. I thank Senators H
EITKAMP , UDALL , and M
URKOWSKI for cosponsoring my amendment. I thank Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and Ranking Member F EINSTEIN  for their leadership. Finally, I thank Secretary Moniz, who has been a cham-pion for this program. I urge my colleagues to support Franken amendment No. 3833 to bring jobs to Indian Country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I thank Senator F
RANKEN for the way he worked with our committee. I will vote for the amendment, and I rec-ommend that others do as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to amendment No. 3833. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. REID. I announce that the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
UR-
PHY), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—-yeas 76, nays 19, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 59 Leg.] YEAS—-76 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—-19 
Ayotte Boozman Cotton Ernst Fischer Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McConnell Paul Perdue Portman Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Tillis Vitter 
NOT VOTING—-5 
Blunt Cruz Durbin Murphy Sanders 
The amendment (No. 3833) was agreed to. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent from this after-noon’s vote on Franken amendment No. 3833, which was adopted to the pending business—Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, H.R. 2028. On rollcall vote No. 59, had I been present, I would have voted to support the amendment. Senator Franken’s amendment will further strengthen the deployment of clean energy by creating a Tribal Energy Loan Guarantee Pro-gram to fund energy projects in Indian Country. This amendment will help In-dian tribes access much needed financ-ing as they seek to develop energy projects and create well-paying jobs. ∑ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise as the vice chair of the Appropriations Committee to express my appreciation to the majority leader of the Senate, Senator M
CCONNELL , and Senator C
OCHRAN , the chair of the Appropria-tions Committee, for moving the proc-ess forward. We have on the floor today the En-ergy and Water Committee bill. This is the first bill of the Appropriations Committee to come to the floor. It sig-nals that we are ready to do regular order. I so appreciate the leaderships’ commitment to do that, so we don’t end up with a big omnibus bill at the end. Every bill comes, they can be amended, and everyone can have their day and their say. It is an excellent kickoff to what I hope will be the ability to move all 12 bills and some crucial, urgent supplementals. I also compliment Sen-ators ALEXANDER and Senator F EIN-
STEIN for the excellent job they have done on this particular subcommittee. They have followed the bipartisan agreement. They have a bill that is free of poison pill riders. When you look at what they have done in terms of energy and water, it is an excellent bill from the standpoint of national security and economic development, whether it is the funding for the Army Corps of En-gineers that is so important to those of us who have ports, to science in terms of our fields of energy. We win Nobel prizes, but we need to win the markets. It has an excellent approach in terms of tech transfer. Maryland benefits from this bill. It provides over $100 million for the Port of Baltimore. That is going to support the port’s nearly 14,000 jobs and a tax base of over $300 million. The Port of Baltimore has always been the gateway to Ohio and the West. First, supported by the B&O—Baltimore and Ohio— Railroad and now CSX. Funding in this bill dredges the port’s 50-foot channel, making it ready for megacontainer ships coming through the expanded Panama Canal and supporting the port’s competitive edge over its East Coast competition. The bill also funds construction of Poplar Island, where clean dredge material is rebuilding the natural ecosystem of a former Chesa-peake Bay island. This bill exceeds the target level for the harbor maintenance trust fund, providing approximately $1.3 billion. Dredging is the primary activity of the trust fund. This funding is knocking out the nationwide backlog of dredging projects, supporting the U.S. economy and local economies. Across Maryland, this bill makes critical investments, protecting Assateague Island, a national seaside treasure, for future generations, pro-tecting Cumberland from flooding, and protecting this area’s water supply at the Jennings Randolph Lake in Garrett County. This bill also supports a unique pub-lic-private partnership between the U.S. Department of Energy and com-mercial truck manufacturers. To-gether, they are developing the next generation of fuel-efficient heavy-duty trucks. Total funding is $20 million. Volvo has been a partner and is com-peting again for a portion of this fund-ing. Its Hagerstown, MD plant produces Mack Trucks with 1,600 jobs. Their tal-ented professionals have been leaders on truck engine research and develop-ment, discovering technologies to re-duce oil consumption and decrease greenhouse gas emissions. For the Appalachian Regional Com-mission, this bill provides $75 million for the base program, an increase of $5 million. The commission meets both physical and human infrastructure needs. This is a hands-across-the-aisle program that all Appalachia Senators support. There are 13 States in the commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.028 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2369 April 21, 2016 
Maryland has three counties in the commission: Washington, Allegany, and Garrett. Maryland’s mountain counties re-ceive nearly $5 million annually, mak-ing investments to rebound from lost manufacturing jobs. The recession was another setback. Now, through their community col-leges, they are retraining and retooling their residents. The commission’s grants, matched with local and other Federal funding, are making a big dif-ference. I recently visited Garrett College where I announced two grants. The first was to establish new allied health programs with a simulation manikin. This was a grant award for $110,000. The second grant was to buy Westernport a new water tank. This grant for $400,000 was matched with $2.4 million in other Federal loans and grants. It means more capacity for Westernport, new service to nearby towns of Luke and Bloomington, and a huge cost savings to Luke Mill. The paper mill has been supplying drinking water to the town of Luke. This grant is protecting the 880 employees at Luke Mill and 3,000 regional jobs in timber and trucking. If this is the way it is going to be to move appropriations, I think it is a good day. It is not only a good bill, but it shows when the Senate practices the ability to work together to bring legis-lation to the floor, to follow regular order, we can get our job done. It can be open, it can be transparent, and we can have amendments. I so look for-ward to this being the tone and the tempo of the rest of the appropriations season. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
NATIONAL PARK WEEK  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, this week I encourage Arkansans and all Americans to take a moment and enjoy your local national parks as we cele-brate National Park Week 2016. This year National Park Week is particu-larly important because it also happens to be the 100th anniversary of the Na-tional Park Service, a milestone we will celebrate all year long. For those of you who don’t know, our National Park System began in 1872 with the establishment of Yellowstone National Park. The organization charged with managing these parks, the National Park Service, was estab-lished four decades later in 1916. Today we have over 400 national parks and historic sites around the country, all full of wildlife, beautiful landscapes, and rich culture. These sites are all cared for by over 20,000 dedicated em-ployees of the National Park Service, including park rangers who patrol our parks and keep visitors safe. Arkansas is home to several national parks and national historic sites, some of the prettiest and most interesting in the country, in my opinion. For those of you who have not been to Arkansas, I encourage you to visit Hot Springs National Park to see our natural springs and thermal pools. If you are a history buff, you can visit Arkansas Post, the site of the only Revolutionary War activity in the State of Arkansas. If you are into the outdoors, you can float the Buffalo River. The list goes on. Each of the na-tional parks and historic sites in Ar-kansas and around the country has its own unique appeal and holds its own adventure. So happy National Park Week and happy 100th birthday to the National Park Service. I encourage everyone to take advantage of free admission to all national parks in Arkansas and across the country through this Sunday, April 24. Have a little fun, learn a little bit about your great country, and show your support and thanks for the men and women who serve us in the na-tional parks. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to complete this speech. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CORPORATE INVERSIONS  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, over the past couple of years I have spoken nu-merous times on corporate inversions, the problems they cause, and various proposed solutions. I wish to take a few minutes today to comment on some of the recent developments with regard to this important issue. Inversions are a matter of great con-cern in our country. This is true among members of both parties, both in and out of government. As the chairman of the Senate’s tax-writing committee, I have to say that for years now, most major discussions I have had on tax policy and reform with various private sector stakeholders eventually end up focusing on inversions. Virtually everyone acknowledges that inversions are a problem. When a U.S. company reidentifies itself as a foreign entity and moves its tax head-quarters overseas, it shrinks our tax base. It means lost investment and growth for our country and a further demonstration of the failure of the gov-ernment to create a tax environment in this country that allows businesses to flourish, create jobs, and, of course, help grow our economy. As I said, members of both parties see inversions as a problem, one that needs fixing. Sadly, the debate sur-rounding this national issue has too often become mired in politics and par-tisanship, which thus far has prevented Congress from making any real progress. Some in Washington—in the Capitol and on the other end of Penn-sylvania Avenue—would rather talk about inversions than solve the prob-lem. When a wave of U.S. companies an-nounce that they are merging with other entities and moving their head-quarters offshore, the strategy seems to be to publicly attack those compa-nies; accuse them of, among other things, lacking ‘‘economic patriotism’’; and put forward unworkable policy pro-posals while labelling anyone opposing those proposals as somehow being in favor of or at least indifferent to inver-sions. Most of the policy ideas that get put forward tend to be punitive and burdensome, with the goal, not of incentivizing companies to stay in the United States, but to forcibly prevent them from leaving. Over the past year or so of political campaigning, we have heard a lot of talk about building walls and who will be made to pay for them. Some are pro-posing that we build a literal physical wall to keep certain people from com-ing into the United States, with a sup-posedly clever plan to force other coun-tries to pay for it. Well, at the same time, most of the proposals we have seen to deal with inversions would amount to building a virtual wall—a wall forged in regulation and punitive tax treatment—around the country to keep companies from leaving and mak-ing every business in America and all of their employees and individual cus-tomers pay the cost. The latest wall-building exercise came earlier this month with Treas-ury’s temporary anti-inversion regula-tions and proposed regulations aimed at earnings stripping. Of course, the administration’s anti-inversion ap-proach is essentially the regulatory equivalent of a doctor who wastes all of his time and energy treating a pa-tient’s symptoms one by one as they arise without making any effort to di-agnose, let alone treat, the underlying illness. Inversions are not in and of them-selves a disease; they are merely symp-toms of a much broader illness that will continue to infect our economy so long as we refuse to treat it. I won’t keep you in suspense, Mr. President. That illness is not a lack of proper reg-ulation; it is an overly burdensome tax system and an environment that is, on the whole, unfriendly to American businesses. U.S. companies don’t move their tax headquarters offshore because they like the weather in other countries. If that were the case, I don’t think so many of them would be moving to Ire-land or the U.K. No. American compa-nies invert because they face global competition, and our system forces them to compete on an uneven playing field with at least one, if not both arms tied behind their back. For example, we have the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world, and we have a tax code that effectively pays U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.029 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2370 April 21, 2016 
multinationals to keep their foreign earnings offshore and punishes them when they decide to bring capital back into the country. It is these factors— not a lack of appropriate regulation by the government or a shortage of ‘‘eco-nomic patriotism’’ on the part of American businesses—that make for-eign countries more attractive destina-tions for American companies. If we want to prevent future inver-sions, we should spend less time tin-kering around the regulatory edges and engaging in partisan rhetoric and more time trying to find common ground to actually fix our Tax Code. For the record, it isn’t just inver-sions that are the problem. As I have noted repeatedly, even if the adminis-tration and Congress found a way, through punitive and burdensome means, to block all inversions, our tax system would still make American companies even more attractive tar-gets for foreign takeovers, which are every bit as problematic as inversions, if not more so, and much harder to ad-dress through a purely regulatory ap-proach. Foreign takeovers are already a problem. According to an Ernst and Young study released last year, the U.S. economy suffered a net loss of $179 billion—with a ‘‘b’’—in business and as-sets to foreign buyers in the decade be-tween 2003 and 2013. The same study also found that a reduced corporate tax rate would have greatly reduced these losses, possibly eliminating them en-tirely. Keep in mind that unlike most inver-sion transactions, U.S. management is almost always fired after a foreign takeover. Other employees—local serv-ice providers and suppliers—are often targeted for elimination as well. Sadly, many Democrats in Wash-ington, both here in Congress and in the administration, don’t seem to grasp the full nature of this problem. They talk a great deal about inversions and the need to prevent them. Because the picture of a big American company moving offshore to escape taxation is particularly distressing for populist au-diences, they tend to ramp up that talk and couple it with ideas on how to pun-ish inverters in even-numbered years. Yet they have taken precious little ac-tion to fix the underlying problems that lead companies to want to invert in the first place. There was a glimmer of hope with the findings and recommendations of the Finance Committee’s bipartisan International Tax Reform Working Group. However, as is far too often the case, that glimmer of hope may very well be overtaken by the politics of the moment. So instead of acknowledging that our tax system is the cause of the inversion problem, my friends on the other side have generally opted to put forward regulations that may very well be ef-fective in curbing inversions in the short term but will do nothing to im-prove business conditions in the United States and could be in the order of causing companies to sell themselves to foreign buyers, which is what is hap-pening. Within days of the release of the Treasury’s latest regulations, Pfizer, a major American drug company, an-nounced it was backing out of its pro-posed inversion deal with Allergan. Many observers were quick to credit the Obama administration for a sup-posed job well done while Democratic candidates for President openly cele-brated the fact that an American com-pany chose to subject itself to hun-dreds of millions of dollars in losses and penalties in order to avoid even greater losses as a result of these regu-lations. That is the kind of world we are liv-ing in—one where there is a willingness to demonize an iconic American com-pany that employees tens of thousands of American workers and to cheer when it suffers massive losses. That is viewed as an affirmative qualification to be the Democratic nominee for President. Now, to be fair, I will acknowledge that, in addition to unveiling the pro-posed anti-inversion measures, the Obama administration also laid out a basic framework for corporate tax re-form. Of course, this framework, which closely resembles similar proposals the President has included in past budgets, is woefully short on details. It is not a reform proposal with any serious po-tential for bipartisanship nor one with a detailed list of specific goals and ob-jectives. It is more or less just a vague-ly worded wish list of tax ideas they would like to see enacted at some point. The reaction from many sectors of the business community, including from CEOs who more often than not support my friends on the other side, proves the point. We know, basically, that the Presi-dent’s version of international tax re-form consists of a one-time mandatory repatriation of foreign earnings to be taxed at a rate designed not to maxi-mize any benefit but to hit a revenue target for increased spending—in other words, so they can spend more money. This would be coupled with a high min-imum tax on foreign earnings, also de-signed specifically for increased spend-ing, not for significantly bringing down the statutory tax rate, which, after all, is one of the few ways you can really help our American companies. Put simply, there is virtually noth-ing in the President’s nebulous tax re-form framework that would discourage companies from moving offshore. In fact, one could argue—and many have—that the President’s proposed high minimum tax on foreign earnings would actually encourage more U.S. companies to invert. For example, this past November, the vice president of global taxes at Proc-ter & Gamble, another iconic American company, was quoted as saying: ‘‘If we take a step towards a [minimum] tax at the corporate level, we’re exacer-bating the problem; we’re actually guaranteeing that inversions are more attractive.’’ On top of these new taxes, there is no real effort in the President’s tax frame-work to improve the business climate in the United States more generally. After all these changes, the framework would still leave the United States with a corporate tax that would be well above the average in the developed world, leaving us right where we have been. In short, this framework is par for the course with this administra-tion. We have heard quite a bit of blame thrown in Congress’s direction for not acting to prevent inversions. What we haven’t heard is any serious effort on the part of the President or anyone in his administration to engage with Con-gress on meaningful tax reform. Like I said, the President and his supporters are far more willing to assign blame for the problems caused by our tax system than to actually work toward a solu-tion. This is particularly true in elec-tion years, when the motto seems to be this: Why fix a problem when you can blame it on the other side? For my part, I am working to take specific steps to address these prob-lems. I have been the Republican lead-er on the Senate Committee on Fi-nance for about 4
1⁄2years now, and for 4
1⁄2years I have been calling on my col-leagues and imploring officials in the administration to engage on tax re-form. To date, I have seen little in the way of a meaningful response. Currently, I am working on a rel-atively simple but potentially effective tax reform proposal that I believe will be bipartisan and many believe would relieve a great deal of the inversion pressure on American companies and, at the very least, significantly alter the economic calculation for inversion transactions. Best of all, it would do so without punishing companies or impos-ing burdensome mandates. In short, my proposal would provide more carrots to keep companies from inverting and fewer sticks to punish companies that try to go in that direction. While I am still working with the Joint Committee on Taxation to final-ize the details of this proposal, the basic idea behind my proposal would be to streamline the taxation of business income and eliminate instances in which profits and earnings are subject to multiple layers of taxation at the company and shareholder levels. I will have more to say on this pro-posal in the coming weeks. Today, I am simply trying to counter the narrative that American companies can and should be forced to remain in the United States by regulation. I am try-ing to demonstrate that you cannot fix the inversion problem by building a virtual wall around the country to keep businesses from leaving, while at the same time keeping tax rates so high that they have to leave to be able to compete. I am trying to show why you can’t build that wall expecting some other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.030 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2371 April 21, 2016 
country to pay for it. Indeed, if an anti-inversion wall goes up without any real changes to improve the tax and business environment in the United States, it will be American workers and consumers that will end up footing the bill. What we are working on is corporate integration. Right now the work we have done seems to be getting some positive feedback from the Joint Tax-ation Committee, but they are not through with their work yet and so we are going to wait until they are. They should be through by the end of May, or at least that is what they have indi-cated will be their target. Hopefully, they will have some preliminary re-sults before the end of May. But let me say, if we are right on cor-porate integration, then both parties should come together to resolve these problems so that we can compete with any company anywhere in the world. I can just say, in short, that this pro-gram we are devising will allow the companies themselves to bring down their own tax rates without worrying about what the wonderful Members of Congress are going to do. At the same time, by bringing down those rates, they will be able to help this economy to go forward. So far this has been revenue positive. All we want for this program is to be revenue neutral. But I think we can get there, and I hope my friends on the other side will seriously look at this because this is something we could do this year to help this country resolve its problems with regard to corporate inversions. I believe it will work. I be-lieve it will work. But a lot will depend on the Joint Taxation Committee, and we will see what they are doing. So far the work they have done is positive. They have worked on it for a number of months now. They want to cover every possible ramification, and we are very appreciative of the work they are doing. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I filed two amendments very important to my home State of Florida that I want to discuss. The first is an amend-ment that would authorize the Central Everglades Planning Project. The Flor-ida Everglades are a national treasure. We have to work together to restore these lands. The State has experienced a wetter- than-average winter. The rains have elevated the levels of Lake Okeechobee which triggered the Army Corps of En-gineers to discharge billions of gallons of water to the east through the St. Lucie River and to the west through the Caloosahatchee River. These dis-charges have been ongoing for months and have negatively impacted the deli-cate ecosystem in the area as well as the agricultural and tourism indus-tries. In order to diminish these discharges, we must authorize the Central Ever-glades Planning Project. Once com-plete, this project will allow water to flow south from Lake Okeechobee to Everglades National Park and to Flor-ida Bay. I had hoped this project would be au-thorized in 2014 by the administration, but the administration delayed the Army Corps of Engineers’ Chief’s re-port, which is the final step before Con-gress can authorize new projects, but this year we have a real chance to get this done. Thanks to the good work of Chairman INHOFE of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I expect the Central Everglades Planning Project to be included in the forth-coming water bill, which is slated to be marked up in committee next week. I will not ask for a vote on this amendment today, but I want to draw attention to this essential Everglades restoration project. I am hopeful this body can come together to restore our Everglades, but in the meantime I will continue to push for this vital author-ization. Mr. President, the other amendment I filed today, cosponsored by Senators S
HELBY , NELSON , and S ESSIONS , also highlights the importance of water management. The issue at hand there involves water that is naturally sup-posed to flow south, but it has not done so due to the Army Corps’ actions in and around the State of Georgia. The results of this mismanagement have led to a 2013 Department of Com-merce fishery disaster. It was declared for oysters in the Apalachicola Bay. During that same year, Senator N
EL-
SONand I held a field hearing in Apa-lachicola, where we heard from local fishermen whose livelihoods and family traditions were injured by the collapse of these fisheries. While we must continue to explore ways to fish more sustainably, a large part of the fisheries’ collapse was the lack of freshwater flows. I have long supported the role Governors play in water allocation when the water in question greatly impacts multiple States. However, absent such an agree-ment between Governors, water con-tinues to be withheld, and the situa-tion has now become dire in my home State of Florida. The bottom line is, the status quo is only working for one State. I, along with the senior Senator from Florida and our colleagues from Alabama, have stood lockstep to bring our respective States to the table to finalize water al-locations that will take into account our shared goals. Today we filed an amendment to do just that—to require the Governors to agree on water allocation before the Army Corps of Engineers can reallo-cate waters between the Apalachicola- Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin and the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin. The amendment also stipulates no funds would be available for re-allocation of water within the States if an agreement between the Governors is not finalized. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense measure. EUREKA GARDENS  
Mr. President, on a different matter, I want to take this moment to applaud the residents of Eureka Garden Apart-ments in Jacksonville, FL, for coming together as a community during a time of hardship. While they face dangerous living conditions and bureaucratic in-difference to their concerns, they have remained united and resilient. The bottom line is, the Federal Gov-ernment has failed them. The Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment has for years certified a living fa-cility that has put hundreds of families at risk. When HUD inspected the prop-erty in question last summer, they passed the apartment complex, and they passed it with flying colors. Eure-ka Gardens received an 85 out of 100, but less than a month later, residents were complaining at tenants’ associa-tion meetings and to their city council members about how bad their living conditions had become. When my staff visited the complex, what they witnessed was literally un-believable. They saw crumbling stairs and black mold. They saw exposed elec-trical wiring that had been covered up by a trash bag. They smelled the nat-ural gas that would soon hospitalize residents just days later. That was and that is unacceptable. My office, along with Mayor Curry of the city of Jacksonville and the city council and the tenants association, pushed for months to have improve-ments and repairs done to this com-plex. In February, HUD finally had a date by which all repairs must be com-pleted. When they came back to reinspect Eureka Gardens, it passed the inspec-tion, and they eventually renewed their contract with the property’s owner, but the residents continued to say what they have been saying all along—HUD’s inspections weren’t working. Just recently, HUD revealed that Eu-reka Gardens passed with a score of 62. The passing score is a 60. However, a senior HUD official admitted that HUD officials do not believe the property would currently pass another inspec-tion. So HUD has just admitted it has certified a failing facility. Something is clearly wrong with the HUD inspec-tion process and Floridians are being hurt because of it. I would like to read part of an article from the Florida Times-Union, which was published on Monday that quotes one of the residents at Eureka Gardens. 
Dwan Wilson, who said she has had to go to the hospital at least six times with asthma issues since the mold remediation, cried as she spoke about her apartments’ problems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.032 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2372 April 21, 2016 
‘‘We thank you all for what you’re trying to do,’’ Wilson said. ‘‘We thank you all for pushing. But we’re telling you they aren’t doing anything.’’ 
How many more years must the resi-dents of Eureka Gardens suffer under this mismanagement? How many more children have to be put at risk due to lead poisoning and gas leaks? How many more facilities will HUD con-tinue to rubberstamp approval of only to further sell slumlike conditions for the most vulnerable tenants? How many taxpayer dollars will be wasted by this agency on failing projects such as this? These are the questions HUD must answer. In the meantime, the residents of Eureka Gardens are forced to deal with the consequences of HUD’s fail-ures. I will continue to look for solu-tions to make sure what has happened at Eureka Gardens isn’t repeated else-where. Americans deserve better from their government. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter I wrote to the Secretary of HUD, and it is dated April 18. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , Washington, DC, April 18, 2016. Hon. Secretary J
ULIAN CASTRO , U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, Washington, DC. D
EAR SECRETARY CASTRO : For over five months, my office has been involved in the investigation of shocking health and safety conditions at Eureka Garden Apartments (Eureka Garden) in Jacksonville, Florida. It is appalling that American taxpayer dollars have been wastefully spent over the years to fund a facility that has repeatedly put hun-dreds of people and their families at risk. I am writing to highlight these many prob-lems and to ask for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to conduct a thorough review of its inspection process. As you may know, following reports of code violations at the Westside complex, my Jacksonville staff toured Eureka Garden in early October 2015. They witnessed crum-bling stairs disguised with duct-tape and covered with apparent black mold, faulty electric wiring covered with a garbage bag, and a distinguishable natural gas odor being sucked from an outdoor piping system into residents’ air-conditioning, among other ob-vious health and safety issues. HUD con-firmed these conditions in an inspection of the property in October 2015, in which phys-ical deficiencies were found in at least 340 of the 400 units. According to HUD’s own cri-teria, almost 50 of those deficiencies rep-resented ‘‘Exigent Health and Safety con-cerns,’’ including mold, water damage, ex-posed wires, carbon monoxide hazards and leaking gas pipes. Despite these findings, just three months earlier in July 2015, HUD gave Eureka Gar-den Apartments an 85 out of 100 score in its Real Estate Assessment Center (REAC) in-spection. Although many of the problems were witnessed during the summer inspec-tion, HUD representatives defended the pass-ing score to my staff in a meeting last Octo-ber, saying they did not contribute to the as-sessment of the property as they are not rel-evant criteria under HUD’s inspection proc-ess. Had it not been for the residents calling attention to their dire situation, the facility would not have been reviewed again for an-other two years. Your Department recently notified my of-fice that the most recent inspection of Eure-ka Garden gave the complex a REAC score of 62 out 100, despite the many repairs that have been completed since the last REAC in-spection. This discrepancy indicates some-thing is clearly wrong with the REAC scores. Your Department visited Eureka Garden again on March 17th and 18th and witnessed what my staff and the city of Jacksonville has seen all along—Eureka Garden remains in poor condition. After visiting Eureka Garden most re-cently, the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Multifamily Housing wrote in a letter that ‘‘HUD officials do not believe the property would currently pass another REAC inspec-tion.’’ However, HUD’s protocol has placed enough confidence in the previous inspection that it has renewed GMF’s $6 million con-tract for Eureka Garden. In doing so, HUD has knowingly certified a substandard facil-ity because of a faulty inspection process. Your Department is ultimately responsible as the steward of the taxpayer funding that supports this property. Therefore, to address these concerns, I respectfully request a time-ly response to the following questions: With conditions at Eureka Garden going unidentified for so long, what does HUD plan to do about reforming its inspection process to identify problems earlier and to ensure passing grades are not given to failing prop-erties? Will HUD explore a broader reform of in-spection that expands the role of and re-sources available for state and local partners to regularly check the status of HUD-cer-tified facilities to ensure greater account-ability? Does the Department plan a re-inspection of the complex? During this difficult time, I am proud of the Eureka Garden community for standing up and coming together on behalf of their vulnerable neighbors. This community has demonstrated great strength by collectively voicing their concerns and showing resil-iency in the face of bureaucratic indifference and property mismanagement. It is time they are given the respect and quality of life they so deserve after waiting far too long for critical improvements to be made at Eureka Garden. Thank you for your attention to this mat-ter and continued work on this issue. I look forward to your prompt response. Sincerely, M
ARCO RUBIO, U.S. Senator. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF RAIF BADAWI  
AND WALEED ABULKHAIR  
Mr. President, one last item I want to discuss today, and I think it is ap-propriate, given where the President finds himself at this moment in Saudi Arabia. It is regarding a letter I sent earlier this week, along with Senators D
URBIN , RISCH, LEAHY , and J OHNSON to President Obama asking him to raise human rights issues during his meet-ings in Saudi Arabia—in particular, the case of Raif Badawi and his lawyer Waleed Abulkhair. Raif Badawi is a Saudi blogger. He was arrested in 2012 on the charge of insulting Islam and in-dicted on several charges, including apostasy. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes. In January of 2015, Raif received his first set of 50 lashes in public. This re-sulted in an international outcry. Raif’s subsequent lashes have been postponed. They have been postponed on health grounds. They have been postponed because just the first 50 lashes were so brutal, there were doubts whether he would survive 50 more, but he continues to serve his sentence in prison. Last week I met with Raif’s wife to discuss his case. Raif and his lawyer should be immediately and uncondi-tionally released. While I deeply value and think it is a very important alli-ance between the United States and Saudi Arabia, this alliance cannot allow our country to turn a blind eye to human rights abuses. I hope we will take up this cause. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD our letter, dated April 19, 2016, that we wrote to the President. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , Washington, DC, April 19, 2016. Hon. B
ARACK OBAMA , The President, The White House Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. PRESIDENT : As you prepare for your upcoming trip to Saudi Arabia, we are writing to express concern regarding the Government of Saudi Arabia’s continued treatment of human rights advocates, par-ticularly the documented prosecutions of non-violent activists who are engaging in freedom of expression. Intolerance for free-dom of speech and the imposition of travel bans and lengthy prison terms for peaceful dissidents harm Saudi Arabia’s reputation internationally and stifle Saudi innovation and creativity. We are concerned that unless you make these issues a priority during your trip, human rights abuses will continue to occur with impunity and the full potential of the U.S.-Saudi relationship will continue to be impeded. Specifically, we request you raise the case of blogger Raif Badawi, who was sentenced to 10 years in jail and 1,000 lashes for launch-ing a website that suggested a peaceful dis-cussion about religion. Mr. Badawi endured a first round of 50 lashes in January of 2015 but the remainder of his lashes has been post-poned due to his health condition. During his unjust imprisonment, Mr. Badawi has been a recipient of prestigious international awards such as the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought. We are also concerned for the case of Mr. Badawi’s lawyer, prominent human rights activist Waleed Abu al-Khair, who was sentenced to 15 years in prison. Additionally, we are concerned about the 2014 travel ban placed on Mr. Badawi’s sister Samar Badawi, for her activism defending human rights. In 2012, Ms. Badawi received the U.S. State De-partment’s International Women of Courage Award. In recent months, Ms. Badawi has been called in for questioning by security forces on several occasions and is subject to ongoing harassment. In your meeting with King Salman, we urge you to advocate for the immediate and unconditional release of Raif Badawi and Waleed Abu al-Khair. Additionally, we urge you to request that Ms. Badawi’s travel ban be lifted and ensure that she is not harassed further for her work. This is an important time for Saudi Arabia to play a leadership role in the region and the world by setting an example of religious tolerance and civil-ity. We value the United States and Saudi Ara-bia close partnership and support efforts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.033 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2373 April 21, 2016 
find common approaches to addressing such critical issues as combating terrorism. How-ever, true partners need to be able to have a frank dialogue about disagreements and areas of concern in our relationship. It is thus essential that the United States does not turn a blind eye to Saudi Arabia’s human rights abuses. Sincerely, M
ARCO RUBIO. J
AMES E. R ISCH. R
ONJOHNSON . R
ICHARD J. D URBIN . P
ATRICK LEAHY . 
Mr. RUBIO. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION BILL  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the bipartisan Energy Policy Modernization Act, which passed the Senate yesterday with my strong support. This bill will help im-prove the energy efficiency of our buildings and appliances, saving Michiganders money on their heating and electric bills by incentivizing weatherization and other activities. Many of these cutting-edge building ef-ficiency technologies, such as insula-tion and window sealing, are designed and developed in my great State of Michigan. The bill also included a number of conservation provisions that will not only protect our environment, but they will boost our economy by supporting the $646 billion outdoor recreation in-dustry. Permanent authorizations of the Land and Water Conservation Fund and reauthorization of the North American Wetland Conservation Act are just two examples that will protect wildlife habitat and improve access to public lands for all kinds of outdoor recreation. Mr. President, I would also like to take a moment to focus on a bipartisan provision that I authored with my col-leagues Senator S
TABENOW and Senator A
LEXANDER , the Vehicle Innovation Act. This legislation will provide the tools that researchers, engineers, man-ufacturers, and others need to create the next generation of cars and trucks built in Michigan and in States all across our country. Southeast Michigan is home to more engineers per capita than anywhere else in the country. We must ensure that our automakers, part suppliers, and other advanced manufacturers have the right tools to develop and in-corporate new vehicle innovations that will improve safety, innovation, and vehicle performance in the cars and trucks of the future. Exciting innovations are already un-derway. Cars and trucks are being made with high-strength, light-weight materials that can improve fuel econ-omy without compromising safety. Im-proved combustion technologies can in-crease the efficiency of traditional en-gines while decreasing emissions. Re-searchers are making batteries more affordable and recyclable while enhanc-ing battery range and performance, making hybrids and electric vehicles even more competitive. The Department of Energy’s Vehicle Technologies Program is leading this effort, working with a wide range of partners, manufacturers, material sup-pliers, universities, energy suppliers, and our National Laboratories. The De-partment of Energy’s vehicle tech-nology activities are authorized by a patchwork of different laws, and these authorities were last renewed almost a decade ago. A lot has changed in that time. Vehicles today are wired with cutting-edge electronics and sensors. While my favorite part of Detroit cars and trucks remains horsepower and torque, advances in onboard com-puters and new technologies are mak-ing our cars safer, more efficient, and more competitive globally. The Peters-Alexander-Stabenow Ve-hicle Innovation Act provides for a steady increase in funding for critical DOE programs through the year 2020. This will create more certainty for companies and entrepreneurs engaged in public-private partnerships and en-sure that critical research and develop-ment can keep up as technologies con-tinue to emerge. Our bill also establishes a clean au-thorization for DOE’s advanced vehicle technology activities. This will im-prove collaboration with light-duty automobile and medium- and heavy- duty commercial truck engineers, manufacturers, and suppliers to con-duct cutting-edge technology-neutral research that will improve fuel econ-omy and minimize fossil fuel use. With over 256 million vehicles on our roads, it takes decades of sustained ef-fort to turn over our fleet. It is abso-lutely critical that we continue devel-oping these advanced technologies here in the United States in order to achieve major fuel savings in the fu-ture and become truly energy inde-pendent. The Vehicle Innovation Act has sup-port from major manufacturers, labor, and environmental groups. This is something that just makes sense. I ap-preciate the support of Senators M
UR-
KOWSKI and C ANTWELL and all my col-leagues who supported including this legislation in the bipartisan energy package. While I was pleased to see this commonsense measure included, I continue to be frustrated and dis-appointed that this body has held up an up-or-down vote on a bipartisan pack-age authored by Senator S
TABENOW and me to help the people of Flint, MI. Flint is still in crisis mode as fami-lies still do not have safe, reliable water flowing from their taps. Senator S
TABENOW and I will continue pursuing all paths to fight for the assistance that the people of Flint deserve. We will not give up. We remain fully com-mitted to delivering to Flint families the assistance they need to be able to use their tap water for bathing, cook-ing, and drinking without the fear that it may harm them or their children. I know that many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are willing and able to join us in our efforts to help Flint. I urge them to continue working with us to pass this package through the Senate as soon as possible. The people of Flint cannot wait any longer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. JUDICIARY COMMITTEE INVESTIGATIONS  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I wish to take this time to respond to Senator R
EID’s juvenile attacks on my Judiciary Committee’s investigations and to Senator R
EID’s frequent crying about my previous State Department holds. Over the past several months, Sen-ator R
EIDhas been obsessed with men-tioning holds on nominees—holds which I no longer have. Holds are often necessary to force the executive branch to comply with congressional inves-tigations. If you want proof of that, just ask the Obama administration. In a Federal court filing during the Fast and Furious litigation, the Obama ad-ministration argued that the court should not even consider that par-ticular case. The Justice Department’s brief said courts should not enforce subpoenas at all. Instead, the Justice Department reasoned that Congress should use other powers to get docu-ments. Here is exactly what the government brief said: ‘‘Among other powers, Con-gress can withhold funds from the Ex-ecutive Branch, override vetoes, de-cline to enact legislation, refuse to act on nominations, and adjourn.’’ Later in the brief, the Obama administration specifically suggested that Congress can ‘‘tie up nominations’’ in order to get documents. If the administration can say that, why would Senator R
EIDthink that is a wrong act for Congress to take? It is this simple: If the minority leader doesn’t like Senators using holds to get documents from agencies, perhaps Sen-ator R
EIDshould talk to his friends in the Obama administration who sug-gested that in the first place. In addition, Senator R
EIDshows his hypocrisy since Members on his own side have held up Obama nominees, and Senator R
EIDnever said a peep about Democrats exercising their rights. Fur-ther, Senator R
EID’s attempts to politi-cize the Judiciary Committee’s over-sight work are very uninformed and re-sult in misguided statements, and Sen-ator R
EID’s accusation that taxpayer money is being wasted by engaging in oversight of the executive branch rings hollow. Secretary Clinton’s nongovernment server and private email arrangements effectively walled off her official com-munications from the normal Freedom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.009 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2374 April 21, 2016 
of Information Act and other Federal recordkeeping requirements. So to Senator R
EID, I say: The Freedom of Information Act is squarely within the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Com-mittee and subject to oversight. The former Secretary’s use of a se-cret, private server to conduct all of her official business led to an ava-lanche of Freedom of Information Act litigation. It also caused inaccurate re-sponses to Freedom of Information Act requests. For example, in December 2012, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington submitted a Freedom of Information Act request for records of Secretary Clinton’s email addresses. The Department re-sponded by stating: ‘‘No records re-sponsive to your request were located.’’ That response is very misleading, at best. Senior Department officials knew about Secretary Clinton’s use of pri-vate email for official correspondence since they were sending emails to her nongovernment email address. They would have known instantly of records responsive to that request that the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington submitted. Yet those senior officials apparently failed to communicate with the State Depart-ment’s Freedom of Information Act of-fice. Even then, if State’s FOIA office were to search Secretary Clinton’s gov-ernment email account, they would find nothing since she operated a pri-vate account not subject to freedom of information. Separate from her email address, Secretary Clinton’s nongovernment server was a secret to high-level offi-cials at the State Department who were responsible for information tech-nology and security. These officials had no idea the Sec-retary was operating a separate unoffi-cial system. She did not get their ap-proval to do so, so how would they know? The Judiciary Committee has inter-viewed the Chief Information Officer, the former Chief Information Officer, the former Deputy Chief Information Officer, and the Director of Diplomatic Security at the State Department. The Chief Information Officers oversaw the work of the information technology staffer who Secretary Clinton secretly paid to maintain her nonpublic server, yet all of these people knew nothing about that nonpublic server. That staffer didn’t ask permission to have outside employment. While working at the State Department, he didn’t dis-close his outside income on his finan-cial disclosure forms. Now, think about that. Officials whose job it is to know were kept in the dark about this ‘‘home brew’’ email server. If a govern-ment agency hopes to be transparent with the American people—and that is the point behind the Freedom of Infor-mation Act legislation—it must first be transparent with itself. Now we know that highly classified material was transmitted to and stored on Secretary Clinton’s secret server. What is important about that is this is an issue of national security. State Department diplomatic secu-rity personnel have informed the Judi-ciary Committee that they were un-aware of Secretary Clinton’s using a nongovernment server for official busi-ness. So how, then, could they possibly secure it from security threats? Now, the FBI is investigating this matter as well as several other inves-tigations. We keep hearing that the FBI’s inquiry is just a security review and not a criminal inquiry. So let me tackle that. However, one witness as-serted his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination rather than answer questions about his work on Secretary Clinton’s secret server. And he is relying on the Fifth Amendment to withhold his personal emails as well. Recently, the Department of Justice granted him immunity. So, quite natu-rally, we are searching for other ways to get information before deciding whether it might be appropriate to seek an immunity order for his testi-mony. Now, to Senator R
EID: These are le-gitimate oversight inquiries for the Ju-diciary Committee. Further, Secretary Clinton did not turn over all of her official emails. Emails between GEN David Petraeus and Secretary Clinton, which Sec-retary Clinton failed to provide to the State Department, were later turned over to the Defense Department. Sec-retary Clinton also failed to turn over emails with Sydney Blumenthal, whom Secretary Clinton views as an off-the- books intelligence resource, while Sec-retary of State. If Secretary Clinton had used a gov-ernment email address for official emails, we wouldn’t have this problem in the first place. So how many more official emails were not turned over but should have been? The Judiciary Committee cannot ignore these important issues simply because the former Secretary decided to run for President. And to be per-fectly clear, I started this investiga-tion before Secretary Clinton an-nounced her candidacy. Senator R
EID suggested that the committee’s work on these issues is a waste of money. Senator R
EID, that is nonsense. Congressional oversight is not a waste of money; it is a constitu-tional responsibility. The minority leader fails to understand that Con-gress is obligated to oversee that the executive branch of government faith-fully executes the laws and faithfully spends the money the way Congress in-tended. Without such constitutional oversight, Congress will not know if there are failures in the executive branch’s duty to faithfully execute the laws that we pass. But do my colleagues know what is a real waste of money? This administra-tion fought tooth and nail in the courts against Congress for more than 4 years. Why? Just to avoid disclosing docu-ments in the Fast and Furious scandal that they eventually turned over. That is a waste of money—a 4-year waste of money. The Obama administration has fought against the press and watchdog organizations for years in the Freedom of Information Act litigation over former Secretary Clinton’s email records. Senator REID, that is a waste of money. It is shocking that the Obama Jus-tice Department devotes so much tax-payer resources to avoiding the very transparency that President Obama promised on January 21, 2009—1 day into office. This administration was going to be the most transparent in the history of the entire country, and it has turned out to be the most stonewalling. None of that would be necessary if the administration would just comply with congressional sub-poenas and the Freedom of Information Act. That is the way to save money. By the way, I would like to ask how much taxpayers’ money does Senator R
EIDspend having his staff write daily speeches trying to undermine the work of the Judiciary Committee. Senator R
EIDalso fails to understand that we are not only focused on Sec-retary Clinton. The committee is con-ducting dozens of investigations on a broad range of issues under the juris-diction of the committee. Some of the executive branch agen-cies have complained about the amount of oversight work the committee does on other matters. To justify my state-ments for this part of my remarks, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD two letters. The first is from the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and the second is from the De-partment of Justice. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF  H
OMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, November 18, 2015. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GRASSLEY : Since I became Secretary of Homeland Secretary almost two years ago, I have worked to make the De-partment more responsive to congressional correspondence, directives, request for re-ports, briefings and hearings, and other re-quests for documents and information. Given that some 108 committees and subcommit-tees of Congress (depending on how you count) assert oversight jurisdiction over this Department, this is a full-time, time con-suming task. We have also participated in about 100 hearings and over 2000 non-hearing engagements with Congressional members and staff since the beginning of the 114th Congress. Members on both sides of the aisle have acknowledged our increased responsive-ness. So far in 2015, I have received 46 letters from you alone—almost one per week. I know because I read them all. Many of these letters request reams of information, data, and documents that take hundreds of hours and dozens of staff to compile. We work dili-gently to respond to your letters promptly, but there is a huge cost to this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.037 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2375 April 21, 2016 
Senator, I ask for your help in focusing and prioritizing these oversight letters. I want to continue to be responsive to your re-quests, and I want to do so as quickly as pos-sible. At the same time, I must ensure that my staff remains focused on all our other priorities. I welcome the opportunity to discuss with you. Sincerely, J
EHCHARLES JOHNSON . 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE , O
FFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 18, 2015. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : This responds to your letters to the Attorney General, dated June 12, 2015, July 10, 2015, August 13, 2015, Sep-tember 14, 2015, and September 15, 2015, re-garding the Executive Office for Immigra-tion Review (EOIR). The Department of Jus-tice (the Department) has provided responses in our letters of August 14, 2015, August 25, 2015, and September 11, 2015. As noted in those letters and discussed with your staff, we continue to collect and review informa-tion, including the information noted in your letters, so we may provide a complete and thorough response to all of your inquir-ies as expeditiously as possible. We will con-tinue to keep an open line of communication with your staff as we work toward additional responses to your questions. The Department takes these issues seriously, and we thank you for bringing them to our attention. As you know, this year the Department has received from your office almost 100 let-ters containing more than 825 questions and document requests, including the five letters received to date on this matter. While we have made and will continue to make all rea-sonable efforts to meet your stated dead-lines, our ability to respond in a timely man-ner to your inquiries is impacted by the sig-nificant volume of letters we receive. We hope this information is helpful. Please do not hesitate to contact this office if we may provide additional assistance regarding this or any other matter. Sincerely, P
ETER J. K ADZIK , Assistant Attorney General. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, both of the letters note the many dozen let-ters and hundreds of requests that I have sent, and both essentially com-plain about the volume of our inves-tigation and requests for information. The Judiciary Committee is hard at work doing the people’s business, and the committee is doing much more than just oversight. The committee has reported 16 executive nominees and 37 judicial nominees. It has processed 27 bipartisan bills out of committee, and every bill that has come out of com-mittee is a bipartisan bill. Eighteen of those bills were passed out of the Sen-ate over to the House, eight of which have been signed into law by the Presi-dent. Just last week, the committee unani-mously adopted bipartisan legislation to finally protect FBI whistleblowers who report wrongdoing to their super-visors and provide for independent re-view of FBI whistleblower cases for the first time. So reviewing that record, it seems to me we can ask Senator R
EIDto justify his claim that this committee is par-tisan. The committee concluded an inves-tigation into the abuse and misuse of paid administrative leave. The com-mittee took the results and worked hard with Members on both sides of the aisle to actually fix that problem. In February, the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee approved the bipartisan, commonsense reforms in the Administrative Leave Act of 2016. Similarly, the committee has worked with Democrats and Repub-licans alike to overturn an Office of Legal Counsel opinion that allows the agencies across government to stone-wall their inspectors general. Now let me tell my colleagues how Senator REID is involved in stonewalling that effort. We came up with a legislative solution called the IG Empowerment Act and attempted to pass it in December by a live unani-mous consent request. But Senator R
EIDobjected to the bill even though it is supported by seven Members of his own caucus and supported by the New York Times editorial board and a host of civil liberties and good-government groups. Even the largest circulating daily newspaper in the home State of Senator R
EIDurged him to work with us on a compromise. But rather than engaging us in a productive and civil manner, Senator R
EIDpublicly slan-dered the bill as a legislative over-reach. He claimed that he was con-cerned about a provision that allowed inspectors general to issue testimonial subpoenas to fight waste, fraud, and abuse. In fact, Senator R
EIDvoted—Senator R
EIDactually voted—to give the exact same authority to the Office of Special Counsel in 1989. That 1989 bill passed the Senate unanimously and is now law. Senator R
EID, was that legislative overreach when you did it? Like that bill, the IG Empowerment Act has near unanimous support and is designed to root out wrongdoing from government, while ensuring proper safeguards of the use of subpoenas. So there is no reason to object to this bill on policy grounds. Yet Senator R
EID stands in the way of getting that done. The Judiciary Committee will con-tinue its work. I say that to just one Senator: Senator R
EID. And during the course of my oversight work, I will use every tool at my disposal to obtain an-swers for the American people. So, Senator R
EID, I will keep faith with my oath of office and ‘‘we the peo-ple.’’ I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. 
OKLAHOMA CITY BOMBING ANNIVERSARY AND  
NOMINATION OF MERRICK GARLAND  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, 21 years ago this week, the families of 168 peo-ple—19 of those 168 people children—re-ceived some of the worst news of their lives. That news was that a beloved member of each of their families had been killed in the bombing of the Fed-eral building in Oklahoma City. We all watched the news that day, that night, the next day, and that week and beyond, as we took in the devasta-tion caused by that blast. That hor-rible crime was carried out by a rad-ical, anti-government extremist. It re-mains the deadliest act of homegrown terrorism in our Nation’s history. For the families who lost a loved one that day in 1995, there is no way to fill the void left by a life taken too soon, but I know that our government’s pur-suit of justice for the lives lost that day serve as a small source of comfort for the people who were left in mourn-ing. At the time of that heinous crime, Judge Merrick Garland, President Obama’s nominee to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, was the Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General at the U.S. Department of Justice. He im-mediately flew to Oklahoma City to lead the criminal investigation and su-pervise the prosecution of the bombers. In fact, he insisted on being sent. He didn’t just volunteer. He didn’t just say: Well, OK, I will go. He told his su-pervisors they had to let him go. He was the highest ranking Justice De-partment official on the ground in Oklahoma City following the bombing. He helped oversee every aspect of the investigation and the subsequent trial. His colleagues at the time have at-tested to Judge Garland’s commitment to following the letter of the law in every aspect of that investigation. He refused to take any shortcuts that could somehow compromise the integ-rity of the case that he and his team were building. Through their tireless efforts, his tireless leadership, his deep understanding of the law, and scru-pulous attention to detail, Judge Gar-land ensured the prosecution had an airtight case. Ultimately, both bombers were con-victed, giving the families of the 168 victims not their sons, their daughters, their children, their moms or dads back again, but at least providing a small measure of vindication for the losses they had incurred. Judge Garland’s work was so appre-ciated by the families and friends of those victims 21 years ago that last year, on the 20th anniversary of the bombing, the Oklahoma City National Memorial & Museum awarded Judge Garland its annual Reflections of Hope distinction—not the year after the bombing but 20 years after the bomb-ing. Judge Garland has established an un-paralleled reputation as a brilliant, dedicated prosecutor and jurist. He has received strong bipartisan support in the legal community, including from Alberto Gonzales, the former U.S. At-torney General and White House Coun-sel in the administration of President George W. Bush. So today it is not just discouraging that most of my Repub-lican colleagues are refusing to con-sider Judge Garland’s nomination to serve on our highest Court; personally, I believe it is outrageous. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.010 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2376 April 21, 2016 
I served for 8 years as Governor of Delaware, a State that is renowned for its own courts—supreme court, court of chancery, superior court—courts that play a national role, not just on a State level. As Governor of my State for 8 years, I nominated men and women to serve on those courts. In every one of those nominations there were hearings held, whether they were Democrat or Republican. I think dur-ing that period of time I nominated an equal number of Democrats and Repub-licans to the judiciary. That is the con-stitution of our State, and, frankly, that is a great example because in Delaware we have one of the highest regarded judiciaries. My obligation as Governor was to nominate outstanding candidates for these judgeships as they became va-cant. The role of the State Senate in Delaware was to consider them. They never waited a year and left a seat va-cant for a year awaiting the end of my time as Governor or any other Gov-ernor’s time. That would never happen. We wouldn’t waste 10 months. State senators in our State wouldn’t wait 10 weeks. They did their jobs. They did their jobs. We are not doing ours, and we need to. The fact that we haven’t is out-rageous. When we elect Presidents to this country, we elect them for 4 years, and if they are reelected, then it is for another 4 years. They are not Presi-dents for 3 years and 11 months; they are not elected to a term of 3 years and 10 months. We elect them to a term of 4 years. They need to be on the job for 4 years. Our President is doing what he is supposed to do, and that is sending us the names of exceptional people who serve in incredibly important positions like the Supreme Court. He has done his job. I very much want to do mine, and I want to be joined by Democrats and Republicans in doing our jobs. Every Member of this body has taken at least one oath to uphold the Constitution— some of us, many times over. At 17 years old, not much older than the young interns who are sitting here in the Chamber, I took my first oath as a midshipman. I was a freshman at the Ohio State Navy ROTC, where I was privileged to go on a Navy scholarship. Four years later, I took another oath and raised my right hand as an ensign in the Navy. I took an oath to defend the Constitution and the country and headed to Pensacola, FL, to become a naval flight officer right in the middle of the Vietnam war. I ended up serving three tours over there during that con-flict. As a Congressman, I took an oath to defend the country and Constitution. As Governor, I also took a similar oath to defend our country’s Constitution— at least to defend our State’s constitu-tion. Then, as a U.S. Senator I have taken an oath any number of times. I am regarded by my colleagues as one of the least partisan people here, but I think the refusal of the majority to even consider this nomination is more than an abdication of our respon-sibility. I believe it is an example of playing politics with the very Con-stitution we have sworn to uphold. For those who don’t know, Delaware is known as the First State. We are known as the First State because on December 7, 1787, before any other State had ratified the Constitution, we did. I joke with people that for 1 week Delaware was the entire United States of America. We opened things up and let in Maryland; we let in Pennsylvania and New Jersey and eventually Lou-isiana—even Iowa. I think for the most part it has turned out pretty well, but the idea of playing politics with the Constitution that we have sworn to up-hold is deeply troubling to me. I hope that is not what is going on here, but I fear that it is. The right and just way to proceed is to begin consideration of Judge Gar-land’s nomination, not next month and not some other year, but now—first in committee and then on the Senate floor. We have something we call the Dela-ware way. We are focused on the three C’s—communicate, compromise, and collaborate. That is a good example for 49 other States, and I think it is a good example right here. After all, we have been sent by the people to this hal-lowed place, this Senate Chamber, to put democracy into action, to protect liberty and to protect justice for all. Nearly 50 years ago, former Chief Justice Warren Burger, a conserv-ative—I believe he was from California and was appointed or nominated by Dwight Eisenhower, a Republican. Former Chief Justice Warren Burger said, ‘‘A sense of confidence in the courts is essential to maintain the fab-ric of ordered liberty for a free people.’’ He went on to say that ‘‘inefficiency and delay will drain even a just judg-ment of its value.’’ I think the short-hand version of that is justice delayed is justice denied. Justice delayed is jus-tice denied. By dragging our feet and trying to get into a new Congress, maybe with a new President—cer-tainly, with a new President—that is delaying justice, I believe. In the face of the prospect of any number of potentially 4-to-4 divided verdicts in the Supreme Court with only eight members, we cannot just stand aside and let that happen. Justice Burger was right when he said those words all those years ago, and he is right today. Mr. President, I think it is time to stop this delay. It is time for us to serve the people. It is time for us to de-liver justice. It is time for us to give this Presi-dent’s nominee the consideration de-manded of us by the Constitution, which we are sworn to uphold. Mr. President, I see no colleague seeking recognition, and with that I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING PRINCE  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor today to speak of the loss of the one of Min-nesota’s own, and that is Prince. Like all Minnesotans, today we were shocked and saddened. I grew up with Prince’s music, starting with ‘‘Little Red Corvette’’ in the seventies and eighties. We won’t forget ‘‘Purple Rain’’ in Minnesota. We were so proud of that movie, and everyone would point at every spot in the movie they knew from growing up. He was a superstar, composer, amaz-ing performer, and a music innovator with a fierce belief in the independence of his art. He lived his art. He believed his words were his own, his name was his own, and he wasn’t going to let anyone own him. There was absolutely nobody like him, and there never will be. Prince sold more than 100 million records worldwide. He released 39 stu-dio albums. He had five No. 1 Billboard hits and 40 in the top 100. He won seven Grammys, an Oscar, and a Golden Globe. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004, the first year he was eligible. But even with all that success, even with all that fame, Minnesota never lost that sense that he was a beloved son—our neighbor, the superstar next door. I was always so proud to say: ‘‘Prince—you know he’s from Min-nesota.’’ He was born there, and he still lives there. The fact that Prince was a proud na-tive of my State came through in all of his music. He pioneered the Min-neapolis sound—that mixture of funk, rock, and pop that emerged in the late 1970s and 1980s and influenced music for decades to come. Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, Janet Jackson, Bruno Mars, Mark Ronson, Justin Timber-lake, The Weeknd, Beyonce—these are just some of the many artists who were influenced by that sound. But that sound didn’t just influence artists, it influenced everyone who heard it. Prince’s music touched our hearts, opened our minds, and made us want to dance. That is his legacy, and that is what we will always remember. Prince made ‘‘Purple Rain’’ a house-hold name. Like most Minnesotans, I remember the first time I listened to that album. It was, as his band was then called, a revolution. It changed music forever and is considered among the best in music history. Two of the songs on that album— ‘‘When Doves Cry,’’ which is especially notable because he plays all of the in-struments in the song, and ‘‘Let’s Go Crazy’’—rose to the top of the charts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.040 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2377 April 21, 2016 
‘‘Let’s Go Crazy’’ includes a lesson im-portant to remember on days like today. There is a world waiting for us after this life, Prince sang, ‘‘a world of never ending happiness, where you can always see the sun, day or night.’’ I know that today all of us hope Prince is standing in that Sun. Prince sang that song at First Ave-nue—the venue in downtown Min-neapolis—when he introduced his band to the city in 1983. There, too, Prince shot some of the scenes for his classic ‘‘Purple Rain’’ film. Today the club is a landmark and a must-play venue for some of the best artists. I personally stood in Prince’s dressing room sur-rounded by pictures of him. The build-ing is covered in stars with the names of artists who have performed there, and there will always be one star that will shine the brightest, and that is the man who made it the landmark it is— Prince. Minnesota loves Prince, and Prince loved Minnesota. He was born in Min-neapolis. He went to Central High School, where he played piano and gui-tar for a band called Grand Central. He recorded his early demo tapes with Chris Moon and at Sound 80 Studios in Minneapolis. Throughout his life, he called Min-nesota home. He wrote a song about the Minnesota Vikings—he was always a big fan—appropriately titled ‘‘Purple and Gold.’’ At the end of last year when the Min-nesota Lynx—our women’s basketball team—won the WNBA championship, he held a concert at his recording stu-dio, Paisley Park, for local fans, who got to enjoy his music well into the night. Just a few days ago, he hosted a dance party there and made a brief ap-pearance. In some way, it was his last gift to our State. But his best and last-ing gift? His music, his innovation, his energy. When accepting BET’s Lifetime Achievement Award, Prince said: 
The future’s in your hands now. And the world really is yours. 
Well, that world is a whole lot cooler because Prince was in it, and it is a whole lot sadder today now that he is gone. My heart goes out to his friends and family and to all who mourn his loss today. We will miss the artist Prince. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am on the floor I guess just a few mo-ments ahead of the ranking member of our Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, my friend B
ENCARDIN , who is on his way but has authorized me to proceed with a few remarks on the topic that he and I, and perhaps others, would like to address, which is tomor-row’s signing in New York of the Paris climate agreement. Over 160 nations around the world are going to be participating in signing that agreement that will move many of them immediately into their program of compliance and signify for others a statement of intention to join. I think it is the largest international agree-ment, in terms of the number of coun-tries involved, ever, certainly the big-gest one I can think of. So it is very significant in that respect. One other thing about Paris that I think was also very significant is what took place in America’s corporate sec-tor in support of a strong Paris Agree-ment. The President and groups like Ceres, with particular leadership from companies like Unilever, got together and created a remarkable American corporate coalition with more than 150 companies, including ones like Bank of America and Goldman Sachs, Ford and GM, Nike, and VF industries, General Mills, Cargill, Apple, Google—a terrific coalition; kind of the who’s who of cor-porate America. They got together to urge the countries of the world to be bold in Paris, to have it be a strong agreement, and to show their support for an international program to ad-dress climate change, which I think is terrific. The distinguished junior Senator from Louisiana is presiding, and I can’t think off the top of my head what Lou-isiana-based companies are part of that coalition, but certainly companies that are based in virtually every State we represent in the Senate—major compa-nies: Walmart, for instance, out of Ar-kansas; Coca-Cola, out of Georgia; VF industries, out of North Carolina; some of our biggest electric utilities; the bulk of the property casualty insur-ance and reinsurance industry. It is very significant that America’s cor-porate community came so strongly to-gether. I hope very much that is a mes-sage that not only resonated in Paris but that will resonate in Congress as well because I would bet that every sin-gle one of us have a significant home State corporation that has signed that pledge, and some of us will have many significant home State corporations that will have signed that pledge. So when you have gotten to the point where the leadership of America’s cor-porate community has signed on to the fact that something needs to be done and that America ought to lead—that is our role in the world—that will begin more and more to have an effect in this body to counter some of the nonsense and mischief that a very small slice in the fossil fuel industry has been propa-gating at the expense of the broader American corporate community, which, by and large, has been pretty outstanding on this. Let me also mention one other thing that has happened just this afternoon, which I am very encouraged by; that is, an amendment that has been filed by 10 Senators—bipartisan, 5 and 5. It is the Graham-Whitehouse amendment. The cosponsors on the Republican side are Senators GRAHAM , KIRK, AYOTTE , COL-
LINS, and P ORTMAN . On the Democratic side, they are W
HITEHOUSE , MERKLEY , S
CHATZ , MARKEY , and B ROWN . The amendment reads: Climate change is real, and human activity con-tributes to climate change. Climate change is already affecting the Amer-ican people and poses an increasing risk to our health, security, economy, and infrastructure. Over 180 nations, including China, India, and Brazil, have made commitments to reduce green-house gas emissions that contribute to climate change, creating opportunities for American workers and innovative private industry benefits from global clean energy markets. Therefore, it is the sense of the Senate that the United States should be a world leader in ad-dressing climate change; that Congress is best positioned to address policies that leave a prosperous economy and healthy environment for future genera-tions; that Congress has a responsi-bility to take actions that reduce emis-sions and combat climate change; and, finally, that Congress should support research and development to bolster clean energy technology. In that latter regard, let me note the Mission Innovation Initiative that has come out of Secretary Moniz’s Depart-ment of Energy and out of a significant group of major investors around the world. The deal basically is that coun-tries involved will try to double our clean energy R&D, and in return these major investors from around the world, led by Bill Gates, will set up a signifi-cant fund that will take the emerging technologies that early R&D can dis-cover and bring them through the var-ious early investment stages of what investors and startup folks call the val-leys of death on the way to becoming a sustainable company so those tech-nologies can be brought forward on an accelerated basis. So when you look at Paris, you not only see this enormous array of na-tions coming together in a common cause, you see right behind it virtually the entirety of the leadership of Amer-ica’s corporate sector coming right in with it and saying: This is what we want. This is what we encourage. We want it to be strong. You have the big-gest investors in the world, most of them coming together and saying: We are going to have your back with in-vestment into new types of clean en-ergy funding. And then you have the governments of the world not only signing up for—not all of them but the ones participating in Mission Innova-tion—signing up, in addition to the treaty, for this commitment to in-crease R&D and press innovation in this space forward. So for all those reasons and more, to-morrow is a good news day for our country. It is a good news day for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.055 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2378 April 21, 2016 
progress and innovation, it is a good news day for the enormous array of American corporate leaders who have supported and cheered on this par-ticular occasion, and I think it is an occasion for pride on the part of the United States of America that the signing will be taking place in the United States in New York, that Sec-retary Kerry will be attending, that the Chinese leader will be attending, and that people from all around the world will be there not only recog-nizing the need to do this but recog-nizing America’s leadership in getting us to this place. I will close with a personal note of appreciation for a gentleman named Todd Stern. Todd was the climate ne-gotiator for the Department of State for many years, and some of those were rather bleak years in which the United States was not showing leadership. So Todd had to hang in there and endure that frustration and keep his candle of faith burning until the day came when we finally began to kick in at last. His role was very important in getting us prepared for and through the Paris Agreement. He is retiring and has served his country well. So I will close with a word of good will for that par-ticular public servant who has done right by his duty and done right by his country. With that, I yield the floor, and with any luck, we can await the arrival of Senator C
ARDIN in due course. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING PRINCE  
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, before I begin my remarks today regarding climate change, I wish to say a few words about a Minnesota icon who passed away today. Prince was a phenomenal artist who was beloved by people all over the world, but as Minnesotans, we are par-ticularly proud to call him one of our own. Prince got his start in a Minneapolis jazz band and went on to share his tal-ent throughout Minnesota and all over the globe. His artistry, his innovation, and his unparalleled presence inspired and will continue to inspire millions of people. In Minneapolis, he put one of our most cherished venues, First Ave-nue, on the map. Up until just a few days ago, he was still performing, hav-ing held a concert in Atlanta. He is truly going to be missed. Someone once said: A brain isn’t a mind, and a mind isn’t a soul, and that is why we need the artists. I think the outpouring of apprecia-tion we are seeing today for Prince has to do with that unique role artists play, and it speaks to the importance of the arts and to human beings. PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT  
Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in celebrating the official signing of the Paris climate agree-ment. Tomorrow, more than 160 countries will send representatives to New York to sign onto this historic agreement. This gathering is set to become the most well-attended signing event in the history of the United Nations— highlighting the importance of this issue for people around the entire world. I think it is very fitting that this event is taking place on Earth Day. This agreement has been nearly 25 years in the making. International cli-mate efforts date back to 1992, when governments met in Rio with the ob-jective of stabilizing greenhouse gas concentrations. Nations have met every year since then to further this goal. While some meetings have been more successful than others, most have been met with disappointment and lack of action. After all, climate change is a complex issue, and achieving consensus for any international issue is no small fete, which is why this agreement is truly, truly impressive. Last December, I traveled to Paris with nine of my colleagues. We met with United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, with U.S. Energy Sec-retary Ernest Moniz, and with our then top climate change negotiator Todd Stern. I would like to congratulate all of them for their stellar work. I would also like to thank Todd Stern for his service at the State Department and his dedication to combating climate change. Mr. Stern played a critical role in achieving a successful resolution in Paris, and I have no doubt that his suc-cessor, Dr. Jonathan Pershing, will ef-fectively continue his work. Climate change is an existential threat to our planet and to future gen-erations. My colleagues have been on the floor of the Senate today to talk about the impacts of climate change on their States and the need to address it. So I wish to take a minute to talk about how it is going to impact Min-nesota. Minnesota is one of the top producing agricultural States in the country, where one out of five jobs is tied to ag-riculture. Climate change will have significant impact on our food system, both through warmer temperatures and more intense droughts. A recent study estimates that global crop production could decrease by more than 40 percent by the end of the century. That is why I joined Dave MacLennan, the CEO of Cargill—the largest privately owned company in the country—in penning an op-ed in the Minneapolis StarTribune to highlight this threat, especially con-sidering that the global population will reach 9 billion by midcentury. As the CEO of a company focused on agri-culture, David is concerned about what climate change is going to do to our food supply. Climate change will also impact our waters. Minnesota is the Land of 10,000 Lakes. Actually, it is about 14,000 lakes, including Lake Superior, which contains about 10 percent of the world’s fresh surface water. Lake Supe-rior has about 10 percent of the fresh surface water on Earth. Lake Superior is warming by 2 degrees per decade. We are seeing more evaporation and lower water levels in the lake. Plus, rising temperatures allow for more favorable conditions for invasive species and haz-ardous algal blooms. Warmer tempera-tures could also have severe con-sequences to fish like walleye and trout, which are so important to Min-nesota fisheries and to our ecosystems. Let’s not forget the threat of climate change to our forests. Like our lakes, warmer temperatures elevate the threat of invasive species—invasive species such as the emerald ash borer and gypsy moth, which are rapidly changing the composition of our for-ests. In other parts of the country, we are seeing longer wildfire seasons— wildfires that are burning hotter, more intense, and bigger. The Forest Service is spending more and more fighting these fires—now more than half of its entire budget. So we can see that climate change poses a very serious threat to Min-nesota, our country, and the world. The Paris Agreement that we will sign tomorrow marks an important step forward to address this threat. But, of course, our job is not done. We have to remain vigilant and build upon the success of the agreement. Inter-nationally, we have to hold other na-tions accountable, ensure that they commit to stronger emission reduction targets over time, and make sure that those reductions are transparent and verifiable. Domestically, we have to build on the success of our cities and States—like Minnesota—that have been working hard for a long time now to become more energy efficient and reduce emissions. I have two grandchildren, and I am expecting a third later this year. God willing, they will live through this cen-tury and into the next. I want them to know that when we had the oppor-tunity to put the Earth on a safer path, we seized the moment. Let’s recognize the historic nature of this year’s Earth Day, and let’s cele-brate this climate agreement because it is an important milestone. Let’s build on it to make the planet a safer and more habitable place for our grand-children, their children, and their grandchildren. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I want to thank my friend from Minnesota, Senator F
RANKEN , for his comments concerning an important day tomor-row. It is important for many reasons. We have worked a long time to get the global community engaged on climate change. As Senator F
RANKEN pointed out, to-morrow is Earth Day. It will be the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.056 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2379 April 21, 2016 
46th anniversary of Earth Day, which was started by our former colleague Senator Gaylord Nelson. He did that because he recognized it is important for this country to recognize our global responsibilities to our environment and to our future. There is no greater challenge that we face than climate change because cli-mate change has been caused, in part, by our own activities here on Earth, by the emission of greenhouse gases. We have a responsibility to reverse the current trends. We can do that. Tomorrow in New York City, many leaders will come to sign the COP21 agreement that was negotiated in Paris earlier this year by 16 nations rep-resenting 98 percent of the global greenhouse emissions. This is a his-toric moment. I want to reflect for a moment about the U.S. leadership that has brought us to this moment in which we now have an agreement among so many coun-tries of the world. We have been trying to do this now for a long time. We have not been successful. At last, the global community has come together with meaningful commitments that will put us on the right path, and the U.S. lead-ership made this possible. I want to congratulate President Obama for his leadership on this. I was with Secretary Moniz in Paris. Ten members of the U.S. Senate went to Paris during the COP21 negotiations. We were there less than 48 hours, but I think we were able to broadcast the united support for U.S. leadership for a global commitment. Secretary of Energy Moniz took us to the exhibit where we saw firsthand U.S. technology that will help us meet the challenges of climate change—how we can produce energy more efficiently and how we can use energy more effi-ciently. It was U.S. technology, and that technology will be used around the world. I mention that because U.S. global leadership is critically important to help save our planet from the adverse impacts of climate change, yes, but it also will help our economy. It will help our economy, obviously, in dealing with the effects of climate change but also in U.S. technology being used around the world, creating jobs here in the United States. This is an urgent issue. If I might, let me first quote from Pope Francis. He said: 
The urgent challenge to protect our com-mon home includes a concern to bring the whole human family together to seek a sus-tainable and integral development, for we know that things can change. . . . I urgently appeal, for a new dialogue about how we are shaping the future of our planet. We need a conversation which includes everyone, since the environmental challenge we are under-going, and its human roots, concern and af-fect us all. . . . Climate change is a global problem with grave implications: environ-mental, social, economic, political, and for the distribution of goods. It represents one of the principal challenges facing humanity in our day. I couldn’t agree with him more. This is a global challenge with global, grave consequences if we don’t get it right. I see that in my own State of Mary-land’s Smith Island, which is dis-appearing into the Chesapeake Bay. I see it in the Chesapeake Bay with the loss of sea grasses because of warmer water temperatures. Sea grasses are critically important to the survival of the Maryland blue crab. I see it in our coastal safety, as we see more and more storms with more consequences. Recently I traveled to the southern part of Africa, and I had a chance to see from a helicopter the impact of cli-mate change. In the southern part of Africa, they have only two seasons: the rainy season and the dry season. They are now at about one season: the dry season. We were there during the rainy season, and by helicopter we flew over land that should have been part of a pond. Instead, it was dry, no water. We saw the carcasses of animals that couldn’t survive because of the drought. Climate change is real and is affect-ing our planet. There are vulnerable nations—from the Marshall Islands to Bangladesh and so many others—whose very existence is at risk because of cli-mate change. This is an urgent issue that requires an urgent response. But here we can make a difference. We can make a dif-ference through conserving and using less energy and producing our energy in a more environmentally friendly way in a carbon-free environment. I am joined by Congressman D
ELANEY  and many Members of both the House and Senate in saying that the United States should make a commitment to produce at least 50 percent of our elec-tricity through a carbon-free source by the year 2030. We can do that. Here is the good news. It will not only be good for our environment, it will be good for our economy and good for our national security. Renewable energy sources can be produced here in America. You don’t have to depend on the fossil fuels from countries who dis-agree with our way of life. For the sake of our national security, for the sake of our national economy, there are more jobs in clean energy than there are in fossil fuel industry. For all those reasons—for our econ-omy, for our security, and for our envi-ronment—U.S. leadership in dealing with these solutions can help Amer-ica’s security. Yes, U.S. leadership is absolutely vital. We saw that in COP21. Without U.S. leadership, it could not be done. Here is where I really call upon our colleagues. I have said this many times on the floor of the Senate. It is a great honor to serve in the Senate; it is a great honor to represent the people of Maryland. Every Congress has tried to add to its record to protect the future generations as it relates to our envi-ronment. The protection of our environment has never been a partisan issue. I would urge our colleagues to find ways that we can work together to build the leg-acy of this Congress to further protect our environment for future genera-tions. We should be part of the solu-tion. Tomorrow is Earth Day. Let’s make a difference. With what we see hap-pening in New York and by our actions, let us protect future generations. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, on behalf of Senator ALEXANDER , I ask unani-mous consent that it be in order to call up the following first-degree amend-ments: Merkley amendment No. 3812, Reid amendment No. 3805, and Flake amendment No. 3820; further, that at 11 a.m., on Tuesday, April 26, the Senate vote on the amendments in the order listed and with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the votes, and that there be 2 minutes equally divided prior to each vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT SIGNING AND EARTH DAY Mr. DURBIN. Some may know that there is a section of the Washington Post called the Kids Post—a section of interesting stories written for kids in the Washington area. The writers ask area grade schoolers about their favor-ite books, tv shows, hobbies, and sports. Sometimes the kids are asked what they think is one of the biggest problems in the world. Last week, a fifth-grade class in Virginia was asked this question. About half the class mentioned an environmental problem such as global warming. In other recent editions when this question was asked, climate change is something these young peo-ple consistently worry about. It only makes sense. Failure to do anything about climate change today, when we still have a chance, will leave future generations— our grandchildren and their children— with a changed world—and not for the better. I know every time I look at my beau-tiful young grandchildren, I feel a re-sponsibility—a moral responsibility— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.058 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2380 April 21, 2016 
to address this problem for them and future generations. It makes me won-der why there are still so many here in this chamber and among the leading Republican Presidential candidates who deny climate change even exists, not to mention refuse to even do any-thing about it. How will future genera-tions look back upon such denial and obstinance in the face of overwhelming evidence? Not kindly, I expect. I know that science tells us that our human brains evolved to address more immediate dangers, and slowly evolv-ing dangers, especially ones that may take decades or more to materialize, don’t trigger the same sense of impor-tance. But that is not the only thing at work here. For decades, the fossil fuel industry and those in their pocket have tried to blur the debate—to blur the science— and create divisions among us instead of looking for what we have in common to solve this shared problem. Make no mistake. This is a deliberate campaign financed by the fossil fuel industry, a campaign that peddles the pseudo- science of manufactured doubt. As we approach Earth Day, all you need to do is look at the daily news to see the destructive impact of climate change. Scientists recently gained an improved understanding of the complex climate science of Antarctic ice, and they showed that, if carbon emissions were to continue unabated over the next few decades, the oceans could rise as much as 3 or 4 feet by 2100. The situ-ation would then grow far worse in the 22nd century and beyond, likely forcing people to abandon many coastal cities. How can any member of the Senate ig-nore this potentially catastrophic and costly disaster? Just the other week, scientists an-nounced troubling evidence in the South Pacific that we are reaching a point where many coral reef eco-systems may not be able to adapt to the relentless progression of climate change. Whole ecosystems that affect all of us and our food chain are being impacted. And just recently, the New York Times reported that forest fires in parts of the United States, from Alaska to New Mexico, were no longer just happening in a single season, as was the case historically. They have be-come year-around threats. New Mexico has had 140 such fires this year alone, double the number over the same pe-riod last year. Such fires have arrived earlier each year, are happening in winters, and in some cases burning all year along. The culprit for the drier conditions leading to these fires? Cli-mate change. Climate change also has significant national security implications, ones we simply cannot ignore because they will impact our shores. The crisis in Syria and the flow of refugees from unstable parts of the world is an early warning of how humanitarian crises, particu-larly from less stable parts of our shared planet, are likely to get worse if we continue to let climate change go unaddressed. Back in 2011, when pro-de-mocracy protests began in Syria, many of those joining were displaced farm-ers, who had suffered their fourth year of drought made worse by the effects of climate change. The National Academy of Sciences published findings earlier this year showing that extreme drought in Syria between 2006 and 2009 was most likely due to climate change and that the drought was a factor in the uprisings in 2011. Just last week, Pulitzer Prize Winner New York Times columnist Tom Fried-man wrote about massive migration out of parts of West Africa, through the Sahara Desert, to Libya hoping to eventually cross the Mediterranean Sea into Europe. I ask unanimous con-sent that his April 13, 2016, column ‘‘Out of Africa’’ be printed in the R
ECORD following my remarks. He writes, ‘‘Just as Syria’s revolu-tion was set off in part by the worst four-year drought in the country’s modern history—plus overpopulation, climate stresses and the Internet—the same is true of this African migration wave.’’ Friedman further explains that a United Nations official in the region showed him three maps of Africa with an outline around dots clustered in the middle of the continent. The first map showed the most vulnerable regions of desertification, made worse by recent droughts, in Africa in 2008. The second map showed conflicts and food riots in Africa during 2007 and 2008. And the third map showed terrorist attacks in Africa in 2012. All three outlines cover the same territory. Anyone serving in the U.S. Senate or running for President who claims to be serious about national security simply isn’t credible without addressing the long-term threats posed by weak states and climate change in the decades to come. And now, insurance companies are tuning in because they understand the threat is real and that business assets are at stake. Lloyd’s of London, the world’s oldest and biggest insurance market, has recognized the threat cli-mate change represents to business as-sets, risks ranging from property dam-age to forced displacement to food in-security. Lloyd’s has issued a call for the insurance industry to take into ac-count the effects of climate change in their insurance modeling. The London School of Economics studied the economic impacts of cli-mate change and put out a new report earlier this month. What they found is that, on a global scale, climate change could cost the world as little as $2.5 trillion—or, within the range of possi-bilities, as much as $25 trillion. This is not only a problem in the Arctic or Africa or in remote corners of the world. This is a problem close to home for us, right here and right now. In the past 6 years, Illinois has experi-enced historic storms, floods, and droughts that have caused millions of dollars in damage. The city of Chicago has been hit by four historic storms in the last 7 years, meaning that the flooding of basements and overflowing of wastewater systems has become an annual event. Because of climate change, U.S. growing seasons have shifted so dras-tically that crops which previously could survive only in the southern half of the country can now be successfully grown in northern Illinois. If current global warming trends continue, cli-mate models estimate that Illinois will have a climate similar to that of the Texas Gulf coast by 2100. For Illinois farmers, these changes to the environ-ment have a direct effect on their live-lihood. The need to act is urgent. We are reaching the tipping point. The science is clear; the debate is settled. The de-structiveness of climate change is clear and growing. Climate change is a dire threat to the global economy and glob-al stability. It will cause catastrophic consequences for global health, food se-curity, and habitats on land and in the ocean. If we don’t act in time, there is no backup plan. No one nation can do this alone. The good news is that, together, the na-tions of the world can act to avoid irre-versible disaster. President Obama, Secretary of State Kerry, and climate envoy Todd Stern have helped lead the way. The Paris climate agreement is a historic step in that direction. Never before have so many nations come to-gether to tackle this threat. The draft Paris climate treaty was negotiated and adopted by consensus by 195 coun-tries, unprecedented international co-operation in the face of the crisis. I want to congratulate President Obama for his leadership in this com-plex but crucial task. He and his team lead the way for an ambitious, bal-anced, and fair agreement. And I would like to thank Todd Stern for his con-tributions, steadily working over sev-eral years to build up to the success of the Paris negotiations. I wish him and his family well as he retires from the climate envoy position. Getting 195 countries to consent on the treaty is no small feat, and he achieved all this in the face of so much opposition at home. The agreement opens for signatures on April 22, Earth Day. The United States and China made a joint an-nouncement that we will be signing the agreement on that day, the earliest possible time. I encourage other na-tions to follow our lead. Our generation has a moral obliga-tion to leave the world in at least as good a shape as we inherited from our parents and grandparents. We cannot run away from our responsibility. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.053 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2381 April 21, 2016 
[Apr. 13, 2016] O
UT OF AFRICA  (By Thomas L. Friedman) A
GADEZ , N IGER.—It’s Monday and that means it’s moving day in Agadez, the north-ern Niger desert crossroad that is the main launching pad for migrants out of West Afri-ca. Fleeing devastated agriculture, over-population and unemployment, migrants from a dozen countries gather here in cara-vans every Monday night and make a mad dash through the Sahara to Libya, hoping to eventually hop across the Mediterranean to Europe. This caravan’s assembly is quite a scene to witness. Although it is evening, it’s still 105 degrees, and there is little more than a cres-cent moon to illuminate the night. Then, all of a sudden, the desert comes alive. Using the WhatsApp messaging service on their cellphones, the local smugglers, who are tied in with networks of traffickers ex-tending across West Africa, start coordi-nating the surreptitious loading of migrants from safe houses and basements across the city. They’ve been gathering all week from Senegal, Sierra Leone, Nigeria, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Chad, Guinea, Cameroon, Mali and other towns in Niger. With 15 to 20 men—no women—crammed together into the back of each Toyota pick-up, their arms and legs spilling over the sides, the vehicles pop out of alleyways and follow scout cars that have zoomed ahead to make sure there are no pesky police officers or border guards lurking who have not been paid off. It’s like watching a symphony, but you have no idea where the conductor is. Eventu-ally, they all converge at a gathering point north of the city, forming a giant caravan of 100 to 200 vehicles—the strength in numbers needed to ward off deserts bandits. Poor Niger. Agadez, with its warrens of or-nate mud-walled buildings, is a remarkable Unesco World Heritage site, but the city has been abandoned by tourists after attacks nearby by Boko Haram and other jihadists. So, as one smuggler explains to me, the cars and buses of the tourist industry have now been repurposed into a migration industry. There are now wildcat recruiters, linked to smugglers, all across West Africa who appeal to the mothers of boys to put up the $400 to $500 to send them to seek out jobs in Libya or Europe. Few make it, but others keep coming. I am standing at the Agadez highway con-trol station watching this parade. As the Toyotas whisk by me, kicking up dust, they paint the desert road with stunning moonlit silhouettes of young men, silently standing in the back of each vehicle. The thought that their Promised Land is war-ravaged Libya tells you how desperate are the conditions they’re leaving. Between 9,000 and 10,000 men make this journey every month. A few agree to talk—nervously. One group of very young men from elsewhere in Niger tell me they’re actually joining the rush to pan for gold in Djado in the far north of Niger. More typical are five young men who, in Senegalese-accented French, tell a famil-iar tale: no work in the village, went to the town, no work in the town, heading north. What’s crazy is that as you go north of here, closer to the Libya border, to Dirkou, you run into streams of migrants coming back from Libya, which they found ungoverned, abusive and lacking in any kind of decent work. One of them, Mati Almaniq, from Niger, tells me he had left his three wives and 17 children back in his village to search for work in Libya or Europe and re-turned deeply disillusioned. In Libya, say migrants, you can get beaten at any mo-ment—or arbitrarily arrested and have the police use your cellphone to call your family in Niger and demand a ransom for your re-lease. Just as Syria’s revolution was set off in part by the worst four-year drought in the country’s modern history—plus overpopula-tion, climate stresses and the Internet—the same is true of this African migration wave. That’s why I’m here filming an episode for the ‘‘Years of Living Dangerously’’ series on climate change across the planet, which will appear on National Geographic Channel next fall. I’m traveling with Monique Barbut, who heads the U.N. Convention to Combat Desertification, and Adamou Chaifou, Niger’s minister of environment. Chaifou explains that West Africa has ex-perienced two decades of on-again-off-again drought. The dry periods prompt desperate people to deforest hillsides for wood for cooking or to sell, but they are now followed by increasingly violent rains, which then easily wash away the topsoil barren of trees. Meanwhile, the population explodes—moth-ers in Niger average seven children—as par-ents continue to have lots of kids for social security, and each year more fertile land gets eaten by desertification. ‘‘We now lose 100,000 hectares of arable land every year to desertification,’’ says Chaifou. ‘‘And we lose between 60,000 and 80,000 hectares of forest every year.’’ As long as anyone could remember, he says, the rainy season ‘‘started in June and lasted until October. Now we get more big rains in April, and you need to plant right after it rains.’’ But then it becomes dry again for a month or two, and then the rains come back, much more intense than before, and cause floods that wash away the crops, ‘‘and that is a consequence of climate change’’—caused, he adds, primarily by emis-sions from the industrial North, not from Niger or its neighbors. Says the U.N.’s Barbut, ‘‘Desertification acts as the trigger, and climate change acts as an amplifier of the political challenges we are witnessing today: economic migrants, interethnic conflicts and extremism.’’ She shows me three maps of Africa with an ob-long outline around a bunch of dots clustered in the middle of the continent. Map No. 1: the most vulnerable regions of desertification in Africa in 2008. Map No. 2: conflicts and food riots in Africa 2007–2008. Map No. 3: terrorist attacks in Africa in 2012. All three outlines cover the same terri-tory. The European Union recently struck a deal with Turkey to vastly increase E.U. aid to Ankara for dealing with refugees and mi-grants who have reached Turkey, in return for Turkey restricting their flow into Eu-rope. ‘‘If we would invest a fraction of that amount helping African nations combat de-forestation, improve health and education and sustain small-scale farming, which is the livelihood of 80 percent of the people in Afri-ca, so people here could stay on the land,’’ says Barbut, ‘‘it would be so much better for them and for the planet.’’ Everyone wants to build walls these days, she notes, but the wall we need most is a ‘‘green wall’’ of reforestation that would hold back the desert and stretch from Mali in the west to Ethiopia in the east. ‘‘It’s an idea that the Africans themselves have come up with,’’ she adds. It makes enormous sense. Because, in the end, no wall will hold back this surging migrant tide. Everything you see here screams that unless a way can be found to stabilize Africa’s small-scale agri-culture, one way or another they will try to get to Europe. Some who can’t will surely gravitate toward any extremist group that pays them. Too many are now aware through mass media of the better life in Europe, and too many see their governments as too frail to help them advance themselves. I interviewed 20 men from at least 10 Afri-can countries at the International Organiza-tion for Migration aid center in Agadez—all had gone to Libya, tried and failed to get to Europe, and returned, but were penniless and unable to get back to their home villages. I asked them, ‘‘How many of you and your friends would leave Africa and go to Europe if you could get in legally?’’ ‘‘Tout le monde,’’ they practically shouted, while they all raised their hands. I don’t know much French, but I think that means ‘‘everybody.’’ f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION BILL Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I want to applaud Senators M
URKOWSKI and C
ANTWELL , the chair and ranking mem-ber of the Energy Committee, for their leadership and tenacity in passing yes-terday’s bipartisan Energy bill on the floor. This kind of bipartisanship has always been the political fuel that has driven some of our most important en-ergy legislation. I thank them for their commitment to working together in a bipartisan fashion to pass this bill, and I look forward to working with them and all of my colleagues going forward to capture all of the potential for America’s clean energy future. There are many good provisions in this bill. The bill promotes energy effi-ciency in our buildings and appliances. It will help to modernize our electrical grid and support energy storage tech-nologies. It permanently reauthorizes the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The bill includes a number of provi-sions and amendments that I authored that were accepted on the floor. I was pleased that my bipartisan leg-islation with Senators I
NHOFE , ROUNDS , and B
OOKER to reauthorize EPA’s brownfields program through 2018 was included in the Energy bill. This legis-lation will help clean up the decades of abuse our lands have experienced at the hands of corporate polluters. It will help to create jobs and spur economic activity in Massachusetts and around the country, while revitalizing under-utilized and polluted lands. In December, Congress voted to lift the 40-year old restrictions on export-ing U.S. oil overseas. During that de-bate, I and other Senators raised con-cerns regarding the impacts that ex-porting American oil abroad could have on U.S. consumers and refined fuel prices, independent refineries, and other sectors of the U.S. economy such as shipbuilding. However, the final leg-islation did not even include any re-quirement for analyzing and reporting on any potential impacts that exports could have on these industries or on U.S. consumers. Therefore, I offered an amendment, which the Senate adopted, that would require the Government Ac-countability Office, GAO to review and report back annually for 3 years on the impacts of crude oil exports on U.S. consumers, independent refineries, shipbuilders, and energy production. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.040 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2382 April 21, 2016 
Exporting American crude oil could be a disaster for independent refineries in regions such as the east coast. Up-wards of 55 percent of our refining ca-pacity on the east coast could poten-tially close as a result of oil exports. The Energy Department has said that exports could lead to as much as $9 bil-lion less investment and 1.6 million barrels less refining capacity in 10 years. It could lead to up to $200 billion less revenue for the U.S. refining sector over the next decade. It could raise prices for consumers who are currently saving $700 a year at the pump and $500 on heating oil this winter because of low oil prices. And it could harm U.S. shipbuilders. We have been having a shipbuilding renaissance in this coun-try. We are currently seeing the big-gest shipbuilding boom in 20 years. But exports could stop all of this in its tracks. We should know how exporting American oil is affecting American consumers. We should know how it is affecting key sectors of our economy such as refining and shipbuilding. And we should know how it is affecting en-ergy production in the United States. That is what my amendment would help us do, and I am pleased that it was adopted into the bill. The bill also includes a bipartisan amendment that I authored with Sen-ator C
ASSIDY to improve the way that we are going to be selling oil under a law passed last year to better protect taxpayers. Our Nation’s oil stockpile is supposed to be there to protect American con-sumers and our security in the event of an emergency. We shouldn’t use it as a piggybank to fund other priorities. But that is precisely what we did in two bills passed last year. But if we are going to sell oil from our strategic stockpile, we should do so strategically to get the best deal for taxpayers and drive down prices for consumers. That is what the Cassidy- Markey amendment would help us do. For the sales of SPR oil required by the Budget Act that became law last year, the Cassidy-Markey amendment would give the Secretary of Energy more flexibility to sell oil when prices are high. This fix should allow us to sell fewer overall barrels from the SPR and get a better return on these sales for American taxpayers. I am pleased that the Senate voted to adopt this commonsense amendment. However, there are a number of pro-visions in the bill with which I have concerns. The bill would apply a 45-day shot-clock to the Department of Ener-gy’s review of liquefied natural gas ex-port applications. There is no problem with the Energy Department delaying its review of LNG export applications. If there is any problem, it is that the Energy Department is moving too fast to approve these exports of American natural gas overseas. Exporting less than half of the vol-umes of natural gas that the Depart-ment has already approved for export could drive prices up by more than 50 percent for American consumers and businesses. This would be a disaster for consumers in many regions of the country, such as the Northeast. It would be a disaster for domestic manu-facturing, where low U.S. prices give us a competitive advantage with the rest of the world. I have urged the Depart-ment to take a time-out from approv-ing new LNG exports until we more fully understand how the volumes we have already approved will affect var-ious regions of our country and our en-ergy security. That is what we should be doing, not artificially truncating the review process. I am similarly concerned that a pro-vision about forest bioenergy would interfere with the EPA’s scientific re-view process of the carbon pollution implications of biomass electricity and potentially interfere—with EPA’s stat-utory responsibilities. The provision directs Federal policies to ‘‘reflect the carbon neutrality of forest bioenergy.’’ But not all biomass energy is created equal. The timeframe for any climate benefits from biomass energy can vary. In many instances that timeframe can be very long—on the order of 50 to 100 years. Some practices, like clearcutting forests and burning whole trees for energy should never be consid-ered carbon neutral. That is why it is critical to incorporate what science tells us about forests and their inter-action with the global carbon cycle into policies governing biomass energy. Biomass energy is already contributing to the U.S. energy mix in ways that help reduce carbon pollution that causes global warming. I look forward to working with my colleagues as this bill moves through conference to en-sure that the United States has a smart, sustainable, and scientifically- backed policy for biomass energy. The bill also contains provisions re-garding hydropower relicensing. I ap-preciate the willingness of Senators M
URKOWSKI and C ANTWELL to engage with stakeholders on hydropower reli-censing and that they have crafted lan-guage that is a vast improvement com-pared to the House version. It took me much of 1985 and 1986 to reach consensus on the bipartisan Elec-tric Consumers Protection Act of 1986 that for the first time required FERC to give equal consideration to the envi-ronment, fish and wildlife, and other nonpower values as it gives to power and development objectives in making licensing decisions. I know how chal-lenging it can be to find solutions that all stakeholders can support. But these hydropower licenses are good for dec-ades, and we need to make sure that FERC’s decisions are informed by the best, most up-to-date information, es-pecially in the face of changing rainfall patterns driven by global warming. So I am concerned that this provision in the Energy bill could limit the ability of Federal agencies to require compa-nies to undertake new analyses on the impacts of their dams by emphasizing the use of existing studies and data. I am also concerned that the provi-sion could require agencies to evaluate the impact of their recommendations on issues beyond their core abilities. Rather than speeding up the reli-censing process, this could slow it down. Rather than saving taxpayers money, it could require more financial resources for Federal agencies. Finally, I am concerned about what is not in this bill. The tax breaks for the oil, gas, and coal industries are per-manent pieces of the TAX CODE that never expire. Meanwhile, tax breaks for wind power will begin phasing down in 8 months and be gone by the end of 2019. The tax breaks for solar will ex-pire in 2021. That schedule would be a disaster for offshore wind in particular, which has the potential to create tens of thousands of jobs in Massachusetts and up and down the east coast. In fact, the Department of Energy has found that that there would be no offshore wind projects that would be able to qualify for these tax credits before they expire. That is just wrong. We need to put clean energy technologies on equal footing with mature fossil fuel industries, whose tax breaks date as far back as 100 years. Senators CANTWELL and W YDEN put forward a Democratic energy bill which I was pleased to be an original cospon-sor of, which would repeal these fossil fuel tax breaks and invest in clean en-ergy. It would create a goal for reduc-ing our emission of carbon pollution. And it would create an energy effi-ciency standard such as I have pro-posed. These are some of the measures that we should be considering to truly allow us to be a leader in developing clean energy technologies and jobs here in the United States. As we work with the House on this Energy bill, we need to build on the bi-partisan efforts that have been done in this bill and ensure that the Senate continues to reject the damaging and highly partisan provisions that the House has included in its bill. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure a final Energy bill that improves Amer-ica’s economy and environment. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CITY OF SCRANTON Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to my hometown of Scranton, PA, as it celebrates its 150th anniversary, or sesquicentennial. Ever since William Penn invited car-penters, masons, weavers, and other skilled workers to settle in Pennsyl-vania, the story of our Commonwealth, and in particular northeastern Penn-sylvania, has been the story of working people. At the dawn of the 19th century, what would become known as the city of Scranton became a home to new im-migrants who fought desperately to es-cape the horrors of religious persecu-tion, famine, and poverty in Europe and dreamed of a better life. Many of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.041 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2383 April 21, 2016 
the new settlers worked in the dark-ness and danger of the anthracite coal mines in order to provide for their fam-ilies. My grandfather, Alphonsus Casey, at the age of 11, was one of those workers. He was a ‘‘mule boy’’ who was once kicked in the face by a mule, sustaining a deep cut from his forehead, across his face. As my father would recall years later, ‘‘There were no benefits—no worker’s compensation, no safety net in place to take care of the adult worker, much less an injured child.’’ A 2002 book, ‘‘A History of the Com-monwealth,’’ described the lives of our region’s coal miners as ones of ‘‘danger and economic uncertainty.’’ The great novelist Stephen Crane recounted a visit to one mine in the region by de-scribing an ‘‘extraordinary, black puz-zle’’ in which the ‘‘shouts of mule- boys’’ were sometimes the only sounds. The work ethic of those who de-scended into the depth and darkness of those mines shaped Scranton and im-pacts the city all these years later. As the coal jobs were lost, the city and the region went through a painful transi-tion that left scars on our land and our people. What has undergirded the city of Scranton’s resilience over all these years has been a heritage of hard work and sacrifice and an enduring belief in the promise of tomorrow. Today Scranton’s economy has been transformed by so-called ‘‘meds and eds.’’ The city is home to some of our State’s top universities and medical fa-cilities. It is a community of entre-preneurs and is being shaped by a new generation of immigrants seeking the same better life as Scrantonians of an earlier era. Driving the city’s education sector are the five colleges and universities that are preparing thousands of stu-dents for careers in the 21st-century economy—advanced manufacturing, technology, and energy. The Common-wealth Medical College, which is the first M.D.-granting medical school built in Pennsylvania since 1962, is pro-viding state-of-the-art medical edu-cation to medical students from across the globe. In addition, Commonwealth Health and Geisinger have entered the medical market in Lackawanna County and are investing over $300 million in innovative technology and improved medical care. For the last 150 years, Scranton’s story has been part of the fabric of our Nation. As the city looks forward to the next 150 years, it is uniquely posi-tioned to create its own future. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the city of Scranton on its 150th anniversary and highlight the rich and industrious heritage that has continued to drive the Electric City well into the 21st century. The story of Scranton is unique and yet distinctly American. The city’s vi-sionary founders, brothers George and Selden Scranton, arrived in the Lacka-wanna Valley in the early 1840s and, after early failures, became the first Americans to produce iron rails on a mass scale. Railroads expanded dra-matically throughout the United States once these crucial components became available, and Scranton be-came a hub of commerce, manufac-turing, and transportation. By the 1860s, the Scranton family’s company had grown into the second largest iron- manufacturing center in America, em-ploying thousands of people. With 35,000 residents at the time, Scranton was officially incorporated as a city on April 23, 1866, and would become the county seat for the newly formed Lackawanna County in 1878. The success of Scranton’s coal, iron, and steel industries served as a cata-lyst for other important enterprises in the region. Large-scale textile, print-ing, and food-processing operations, to-gether with increased educational op-portunities, all played a vital role in the region’s growth. Between 1860 and 1910, Scranton’s flourishing industrial activity drew thousands of new immi-grants. The story of the Scranton family’s endeavor, now known as the Lacka-wanna Steel Company, is one of the greatest success stories of American manufacturing. Through perseverance and dedication, Scranton grew from a small, agrarian village to a thriving, multicultural city. Today Scranton is a leader in higher education, medicine, and manufac-turing. Driving Scranton’s develop-ment are five institutions of higher education preparing thousands of stu-dents for a 21st century economy. For example, the Commonwealth Medical College provides state-of-the art med-ical education to students from across the globe, and companies in Lacka-wanna County have made significant investments in innovative technology and improved medical care. Scranton is well-positioned to be a beacon for en-trepreneurs and businesses looking to take advantage of the high-quality workforce that Scranton’s colleges and technical schools are producing. Today I wish to recognize the pro-found contributions that the city of Scranton and its residents have made to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania over the last 150 years. I wish them all the best as the people of Scranton cele-brate the city’s sesquicentennial anni-versary on April 23, 2016. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CIVIL AIR PATROL Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Civil Air Patrol as it celebrates its 75th anniversary this year. The Civil Air Patrol has been a tremendous contributor in our great State, and I am honored to recognize and congratulate it on this important milestone. The Civil Air Patrol was founded on December 1, 1941, the week before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, by a group of brave civilians interested in donating both their aviation skills and free time to protecting the Nation’s coastlines during World War II, in addi-tion to contributing to other civil de-fense missions. During this time, pilots volunteering with the Civil Air Patrol flew more than 500,000 hours and helped in a variety of ways, including patrol-ling the coastline for submarine activ-ity, monitoring our forests and south-ern borders, and searching for ships and personnel in distress. On July 1, 1946, the Civil Air Patrol was established as a federally char-tered nonprofit corporation by Presi-dent Harry Truman. Following this, on May 26, 1948, Congress passed a law, designating the Civil Air Patrol as the Air Force Auxiliary and establishing primary missions for the Civil Air Pa-trol. The legislation established that the Civil Air Patrol would focus on emergency services, cadet programs, and aerospace education. Today this important organization is a national community service group with 31,000 professionally trained civilian volun-teers and serves as a partner to the U.S. Air Force as a member of its total force. The Civil Air Patrol serves to as-sist Federal, State, and local govern-ments and offers assistance for home-land security missions, counterdrug ef-forts, search and rescue missions, and disaster relief. The Nevada Wing Civil Air Patrol up-holds these values, maintaining strong search and rescue programs, cadet pro-grams, and aerospace education, and has a far-reaching positive impact on both urban and rural communities throughout the Silver State. The many volunteers contributing to the Nevada Wing have helped at a variety of events, departments, and facilities across the State, including the State Veterans Home, the Boulder City and Fernley Veterans Cemeteries, Oper-ation Home Front, Blue Star Widows, Nevada Department of Emergency Management Search and Rescue Board, and many more. In addition, the Nevada Wing has strengthened its relationship with the Nevada Department of Emergency Management and has reinforced its in-cident management action team, trig-gering a quicker and more thorough re-sponse to support calls from across the Nation. This incredible wing’s con-tributions to both adults and children across the State are invaluable. I ex-tend my deepest gratitude to the many men and women who volunteer for the Nevada wing for their genuine concern and services in helping others. The leg-acy they have built for the Nevada Wing will live on for generations to come. For three-quarters of a century, the Civil Air Patrol has proven its unwav-ering dedication to our State and to our country. The hard work of those that have served both nationally at the Civil Air Patrol and within the Nevada Wing has not gone unnoticed. These courageous men and women stand as role models in their pursuits to help others in states of emergency and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.042 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2384 April 21, 2016 
everyday events. I ask Nevadans across the Silver State and my colleagues to join me in honoring the Civil Air Pa-trol on its 75th anniversary and in thanking the Civil Air Patrol for its commendable missions. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RUTHERFORD B. HAYES PRESI-DENTIAL LIBRARY & MUSEUMS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the 100th anniversary of the Hayes Presidential Library & Museums in Fremont, OH. On May 30, 1916, COL Webb Hayes, son of President Rutherford B. Hayes, made his father’s papers and artifacts available to the public for research with the opening of a library and museum on his parents’ estate, Spiegel Grove. It was the first in what is now a Federal presidential library system. Spiegel Grove is unique in that the former President’s home, tomb, mu-seum, and library are all on the same site, which sits on 25 acres surrounded by six sets of gates originally located at the White House. The site has con-tinued to grow and change since its opening. In 2012, a $1.5 million restora-tion of the Hayes Home was completed. Major additions to the museum in 1922 and 1968 brought the building to its present configuration comprising of 52,640 square feet. In January 2016, the museum temporarily closed to the pub-lic to undergo a $1.6 million renova-tion, which will premiere Memorial Day weekend 2016. It is the mission of the Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Library & Museums ‘‘to enrich lives through the historical preservation of Spiegel Grove and to provide a greater understanding of President Hayes and his contributions to the State of Ohio, the country, and his fellow Americans.’’ In keeping with that mission, the organization uses its resources, including 21,000 artifacts, 80,000 books, and 6,000 linear feet of manuscript collections, to illustrate the life and times of Rutherford B. Hayes, his family, and his Presidency. We are honored to have this Amer-ican treasure located in the State of Ohio. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FUTURE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor 461 high school seniors in eight northeast Ohio counties for their commendable decision to enlist in the U.S. Armed Forces. Of these 461 seniors from 127 high schools in 94 towns and cities, 141 will enter the Army, 126 will enter the Marine Corps, 61 will enter the Navy, 25 will enter the Air Force, 1 will enter the Coast Guard, 103 will enter our Ohio Army National Guard, and 4 will enter the Ohio Air National Guard. In the presence of their parents/guardians, high school counselors, military leaders, and city and business leaders, all 461 will be rec-ognized on May 4, 2016, by Our Commu-nity Salutes of northeast Ohio. In a few short weeks, these young men and women will join with many of their classmates in celebration of their high school graduation. At a time when many of their peers are looking for-ward to pursuing vocational training or college degrees or are uncertain about their future, these young men and women instead have chosen to dedicate themselves to military service in defense of our rights, our freedoms, and our country. They should know that they have full support of this Sen-ate Chamber and the American people, who are with them in whatever chal-lenges may lie ahead. These 461 young men and women are the cornerstone of our liberties. It is thanks to their dedication and the dedication of an untold number of pa-triots just like them that we are able to meet here today in the U.S. Senate and openly debate the best solutions to the many diverse problems that con-front our country. It is thanks to their sacrifices that the United States of America remains a beacon of hope and freedom in a dangerous world. We are grateful to them, and we are grateful to their parents and their communities for instilling in them not only the mental and physical abilities our Armed Forces require but, more impor-tantly, the character, the values, and the discipline that leads someone to put service to our Nation over self. I would like to personally thank these 461 graduating seniors for their selflessness and the courage that they have shown by volunteering to risk their lives in defense of our Nation. We owe them, along with all those who serve our country, a deep debt of grati-tude. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the names of the 461 high school seniors. There being no objection, the list was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
UNITED STATES ARMY —141 Achterhof—Medina; Addison—South Eu-clid; Alexander—Medina; Artis—Brooklyn; Baldyga—Broadview Heights; Basile—Maple Heights; Bell—Akron; Berry—North Ridgeville; Boggs—Bedford; Bost—Chardon; Bradshaw—Newburgh Heights; Brandt— Broadview Heights; Brasty—Parma; Brew-er—Cleveland; Broeckel II—Vermilion; Brown—Parma; Burgos—Lorain; Burt—Bar-berton; Cannon—Cleveland; Chauvin—Hud-son; Clark—Cleveland; Colon—Berea; Cook— East Cleveland; Cooper—Sheffield Township; Crowder—Akron; Curiale—Olmsted Falls; Daniels—Akron; Davis—Lorain; DeJesus— Cuyahoga Falls; Delgado—Lorain; Dingess— Wadsworth; Dominquez—Lorain; Felix— Parma Heights; Finkel—Wellington; Fuss —Wadsworth; Gant—Ashtabula; Gary—Gar-field Heights; Giavonette—Parma; Golan— Brunswick; Grays—South Euclid; Griffith— Jefferson; Hanrahan—Parma Heights; Har-din—Martinez—Geneva; Hawkins—Paines-ville; Hawthorne, J—Lorain; Hawthorne, N— Lorain; Hawthorne, J—Lorain; Hayes—Ra-venna; Hoch—Middleburg Heights; Holian— Lakewood; Hughes III—Willoughby. Irby—Garfield Heights; Jackson—Elyria; James, B—Broadview Heights; James, D— Cleveland; Jennings—Warrensville; Johnson, D—Akron; Johnson, J—Akron; Jones—Bar-berton; Kelly—Ravenna; LaRiche—Geneva; Larsen—Stow; Lausin—Kirtland; Lawson— Berea; Lewis—Elyria; Loosli—Amhearst; Lopez, L—North Ridgeville; Magrell—Cuya-hoga Falls; Martinez—Ashtabula; McFall— Fairlawn; Mendez—Painesville; Mickels— Akron; Milich—North Royalton; Miller— North Royalton; Mongenel—Ashtabula; Montesano—Northfield; Moore—Cleveland; Neely—Amherst; Nelson—Cleveland; Nemitz—Conneaut; Nethers—Broadview Heights; Nowagarski—Grafton; Page— Akron; Parella—Stow; Perrigan—Lorain; Poling—Lakewood; Pullman—Parma; Purnell—Cleveland; Quino´es, Jr.—North Olmsted; Radke—Parma Heights. Raduka—Barberton; Raeburn—Cuyahoga Falls; Ramos—Ashtabula; Rawdon—Akron; Reitz—North Ridgeville; Rhodes—Akron; Richardson—Akron; Richmond—Cleveland; Ridenour—Lodi; Rider—Kent; Rivera—Lo-rain; Roberts—Akron; Robertson, J—Elyria; Robertson, N—Parma; Rodriguez—Cabal-lero—Cleveland; Rukule—Lyndhurst; Sack— Middleburg Heights; Sanchez, E—Medina; Schmitt—Barberton; Schraner—Parma; Schveder—Perry; Shaw—Cleveland; Sibits— Brunswick; Sistrunk—Akron; Smith, L— WadsworthSpurlock—Oberlin; Starcher— Windham; Sullivan—Windham; Terrasi— Willoughby; Thacker—LaGrange; Thomas— Geneva; Toensing—Cleveland; Tousley— Wadsworth; Vaughn, J—Lorain; Vaughn, T— Cleveland; Walker, C—Cleveland; Walker, T—Conneaut; Ward—North Royalton; Ware— Twinsburg; Webster—Lorain; Weintz—Bruns-wick; White—Ashtabula; Wildhaber—Elyria; Williams, D—Garfield Heights; Williams, M— Shaker Heights; Willyard—Ravenna; Wojnowski—Wellington; Woodrum—Stow; Woods—North Ridgeville; Workman—Wel-lington; Young—Elyria. UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS —126 Adler—Middlefield; Ady—Euclid; Allan— North Olmsted; Arbogast—North Royalton; Augustine—Euclid; Bacik—North Olmsted Bailey—Brunswick; Bakita—Barberton; Barnett—Ashtabula; Bischoff—Norton; Bod-kins—Wellington; Bosak—Cleveland; Braman—Elyria; Brandt—Cuyahoga Falls; Brill—Sheffield Lake; Brown—Elyria; Buckwald—Brunswick; Burchard—Cleveland; Burgess—Wellington; Bush—Euclid; Calafato—Kent; Campbell—Conneaut; Cannell—Northfield; Carlyn—Akron; Car-son—Akron; Castro—Cleveland; Cole—Gar-field Heights; Collins, J—Twinsburg; Collins, R—Ashtabula; Cousin—Middleburg Heights; Crespo—Olmsted Township; Crookston— Doylestown; Curry—Garfield Heights; Cush-ing—Sheffield Lake; Cushman—Northfield; Durigon—Painesville; Eaton—Wadsworth; Eberhardt—Fairlawn; Elliott—Olmsted Falls. Fairman—Madison; Fields—Oberlin; Figler—Northfield; Fisher, C—Medina; Fish-er, G—Medina; Flege—Stow; Foster—Cruz— Cleveland; Frey—Sheffield; Gabel—Wads-worth; Grabowy—Macedonia; Grasso—North Royalton; Gruber—Medina; Gutierrez Rodri-guez—Painesville; Hahn—Parma; Hall—Me-dina; Harrold—Elyria; Hetrick—Cleveland; Hill—Akron; Holmes, Ja—Medina; Holmes, Jo—Barberton; Jackson—Akron; Jerome— Bay Village; Jones, A —Garrettsville; Jones, J—Cleveland; Jurgens—Medina; Kahl—North Kingsville; Kisil—Cleveland; Kontz—North Ridgeville; Kramer—Medina; Law—Bedford Heights; Leisure—Chesterland; LeMire —Strongsville; Lepley—Barberton; Locksey—North Olmsted; Maag—Berea; Maciech—Parma; McCandless—Painesville; McCauley—Silver Lake; McGarvey—Paines-ville; McLelland—Wadsworth; Medina—Lo-rain; Mercedes—Lakewood; Mills—Wads-worth; Mori—Garfield Heights; Morris—Cuy-ahoga Falls; Murray—Bedford; Nashroyal— Akron; Newhart—Ashtabula. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.054 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2385 April 21, 2016 
Nye—Richfield; Parham—Warrensville; Parker, D—Vermilion; Parker, M—Cleve-land; Parks—Olmsted Falls; Patton—Ash-tabula; Pescrilli—Willoughby; Pokorny— Akron; Porter—Brooklyn; Rath—Macedonia; Reynolds—Akron; Robinson—North Olmsted; Romosca—Deerfield; Rude—Medina; Ruther-ford—Elyria; Savander—Euclid; Scherer— Ravenna; Serafin—Aurora; Shaffstall— Brunswick; Sheridan—Cuyahoga Falls; Smith—Euclid; Spang—Jefferson; Sterle— Macedonia; Turoslebron—Cleveland; Vigi-lante—Cleveland; Vincent—Medina; Walling—Mentor; Walsh—South Euclid; Walts—Amherst; Westfall—Barberton; Wiggins—Elyria; Williams—Cleveland; Wise—Munroe Falls; Yankie—Geneva; Yontosh—Parma Heights; Youngblood— Maple Heights; Zadravec—Vermilion; Zamborsky—Independence; Zamlen—Hinck-ley. 
UNITED STATES NAVY —61 Akran—Garfield Heights; Ashe—Parma; Baker—Middleburg Heights; Barnett— Westlake; Batman—Hinckley; Bell—Sul-livan; Berrios—Cleveland; Berry—Paines-ville; Besses—Bedford; Boston—Willoughby; Brown—Bay Village; Chandler—Jones— Cleveland; Cruz—Cleveland; DeHoff—Man-tua; Fenner—Geneva: Fowlkes—Cleveland; Garcia—Strongsville; Gunsalus—Parma Heights; Haavisto—Wickliffe; Hada—East-lake; Harrison, B—Vermilion; Harrison, L— Orwell; Hegedeos—North Royalton; Herron— Barberton; Jatzek—Grafton; Kerby—Ash-tabula; Knox—Ashtabula; Kolenz—Columbia Station; Leach—Chardon; Leclerc—Amherst; Luther—Eastlake; McBride—Cleveland; Menough—Garrettsville; Mitchell—Wads-worth; Mizak—Geneva; Moosman— Strongsville; Pieczokna—Lodi; Readinger— Cleveland; Reavis—Lorain. Reynolds—Mentor; Richardson—Maple Heights; Rizzell—Elyria; Roberts, A—Univer-sity Heights; Roberts, M—Barberton; Rodri-guez—North Olmsted; Santiago—Cleveland; Seaton—Todd—Mentor; Sinatra—Medina; Skvarek—Jefferson; Stankiewicz—Medina; Strickland—Elyria; Tahir—Cleveland; Vasiloff—Vermilion; van’t Veer—Ashtabula; Weir—Akron; Weise—Thompson; Wessel— Parma; Williamson—Ashtabula; Wilson— Novelty; Yourich—Wellington; Zanick— North Ridgeville. 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE —25 Arnern—Madison; Aslaksen—Wakeman; Battenhouse—Fairview Park; Boles—Medina; Davis—Amherst; Duber—Olmsted Falls; Fye—Lorain; Haslage—Avon; Honoshofsky— Wellington; Hylton—Brook Park; Johnson— Amherst; Kuzak—Amherst; Lemieux—Elyr-ia; Linden—Elyria; Medina—Lorain; Mir-acle—Elyria; Newsome—North Ridgeville; Sabin—Kirtland; Sapp—Rocky River; Schneider—Wellington; Singh—Berea; Torres—Cleveland; Voiers—Westlake; Wil-helm—Fairview Park; Yandell—Chesterland. 
UNITED STATES COAST GUARD —1 Karlovec—Akron. 
OHIO ARMY NATIONAL GUARD —103 Alexander—Richmond Heights; Anderson, Jr.—Maple Heights; Aumann—Mentor; Barnes—Owens—Cleveland; Barr—Barberton; Bevins—Jefferson; Blankenship—Wellington; Boyes—Hartville; Brantley—Cleveland; Brooks—Sheffield Lake; Brown—Wadsworth; Burk—Olmsted Falls; Clack—Euclid; Clark, C—Akron; Clark, Jr., R—Richmond Heights; Coblentz —Middlefield; Colston—Cleveland; Conley—Akron; Cope—Norton; Diaz—Brook-lyn; Dunning—Chardon; Ellis—Cleveland; English—Jefferson; Fagan—Olmsted Falls; Fifer—Munroe Falls. Filiaggi—Elyria; Florence—Streetsboro; Ford—Cleveland; Frazier—Mentor; Frindt— North Olmsted; Frolo—North Olmsted; Garlak—Chesterland; Giron—Cleveland; Gon-zalez—Sanabria—Lorain; Gower, Jr.—Hinck-ley; Grace—North Olmsted; Hadlock—Berea; Hardwick—Barberton; Hayes, C—North Olmsted; Hayes, S—Medina; Heatwall— Tallmadge; Heim—Windham; Hilliard— Brook Park; Howard—Wellington; Jackson, D—Cleveland; Johnson, O—Hudson; Johnson, W—South Euclid; Jones—Cleveland; Jor-dan—Cleveland; Karasek—Mogadore; Kelly— Brecksville; Kiarie—Solon; Korylak—Cleve-land; Lee—Akron; Legky—Hartville; Lewis— Ravenna; Livengood—Mentor; Maxwell— Howe—Barberton; Maybaugh—Wellington; McKenzie—Cleveland. Mendez—Cleveland; Messina—Concord Township; Mize—Sheffield Lake; Moore— Barberton; Myers—Rocker—Akron; Nich-ols—Barberton; Nicodemus—Uniontown; Norwalk—North Royalton; Novak—North Olmsted; Nunn—Elyria; Ocheltree—Bar-berton; Omeara—Conneaut; Osborne—Bruns-wick; Parker, I—Cleveland; Parker, M— Cleveland; Peebles—North Ridgeville; Pishner—Elyria; Pool—Elyria; Prebonick— Akron; Proctor—Akron; Pryor—Cleveland; Puzder—Parma; Querry—Barberton; Rahman—Garfield Heights; Riddle-Lash— Cleveland; Rodriquez-Santana—Lorain; Rosado—Elyria; Rose—Cleveland; Shaffstall—North Ridgeville; Shukys—Ra-venna; Simmons—Garfield Heights; Slover— Mentor; Smith—North Olmsted; Stanic—Eu-clid; Stecklein—Roaming Shores; Storrow— Clinton; Tavano—Mentor; Terrell— Mogadore; Wanton—Tallmadge; Ware— Maple Heights; Weenink—Gates Mills; Wills—Maple Heights; Wiltrout—Columbia Station. OHIO AIR NATIONAL GUARD —4 Koltas—Sheffield Lake; Laswell-Bern-hard—North Warren; Wilch-Hudson; Boukzam—Strongsville. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO WYATT ZYLAWY ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I would like to honor Wyatt Zylawy, of Supe-rior, MT, for his outstanding achieve-ments in his recent Coast Guard train-ing and for his noble commitment to serving our country. Wyatt is the youngest of three broth-ers who seem to do almost everything together—from playing the same sports, to playing in a band together, to eventually all joining the U.S. Coast Guard. Wyatt graduated from basic training on January 22, 2016, and won 3 out of 7 awards that were given out amongst the other 57 members in his unit. He received recognition for his high levels of academic and athletic abilities. To make this ceremony even more special, one of Wyatt’s brothers, Roman, Jun-ior, presented Wyatt with his awards. Currently Wyatt is attending a school in Yorktown, VA, where he is training to be an electrician’s mate and will graduate on July 1, 2016. He has been named as the class leader and is responsible for overseeing his fellow officers’ marching formations, ensur-ing their timeliness, and making sure they are keeping up with their physical training. His father, Roman Zylawy, describes Wyatt as always being a hard worker, highly motivated, and taking the ini-tiative with his schoolwork, as well as any sports teams he played on. ‘‘When-ever he set his mind on something, he did it and he did it well,’’ Mr. Zylawy remarks. ‘‘Wyatt has a high ability to excel and to consistently be on top of his game.’’ Wyatt hopes to be stationed some-where in the Pacific Northwest after graduation so he will be close to home. Good luck in all your endeavors, Wyatt, and I thank you for your cur-rent and future service to our State and to our Nation. You are a true rep-resentation of the brave, honorable, and exceptional type of young person who is the future of our State and country, and to that end, I am im-mensely grateful.∑ f 
CONGRATULATING THE MARIAN UNIVERSITY WOMEN’S BASKET-BALL KNIGHTS ∑Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I congratulate the Marian Uni-versity Knights on winning the 25th Annual Division II Women’s Basketball NAIA National Championship. Marian University established its women’s basketball program in 1976 and has committed itself to competing at the highest level both academically and athletically. The program has se-cured three Crossroads League regular season championships—1994–95, 2001–02, 2015–16—and one Crossroads League tournament championship—2014–2015. The program has made three NAIA Tournament appearances. In 2016, the women’s basketball team secured its first national championship title with a 59–48 victory over Southern Oregon in Sioux City, IA. Under the guidance of head coach Katie Gearlds since 2013, the women’s basketball team has become increas-ingly engaged in community outreach and service activities. As a team, they participate in community improve-ment efforts including Indy DO Day and form active relationships with grade schools in central Indiana. Congratulations to Head Coach and NAIA Coach of the Year Gearlds, as-sistant coaches Vicky Volonaki and Mark Parker, athletic director Steve Downing, and all of the student-ath-letes on winning the 25th Annual Divi-sion II Women’s Basketball NAIA Na-tional Championship on March 15, 2016. In addition, congratulations to univer-sity president Daniel J. Elsener, execu-tive vice president and provost Thomas J. Enneking, the Marian University student body, and alumni. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate the Marian University Knights on their successful women’s basketball pro-gram, and I wish them continued suc-cess in the future.∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE MARIAN UNIVERSITY FOOTBALL KNIGHTS ∑Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I congratulate the Marian Uni-versity Knights on winning the 60th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.042 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2386 April 21, 2016 
Annual National Association of Inter-collegiate Athletics, NAIA, Football National Championship. Marian University established its football program in 2006 and has com-mitted itself to competing at the high-est level both academically and athlet-ically. In 2012, the Knights won the 57th Annual NAIA National Champion-ship. In 2014, despite ultimately losing the title game, the Knights played with grit in determination in the 59th An-nual NAIA National Championship. In December of 2015, the Knights won the 60th Annual NAIA National Champion-ship against Southern Oregon 31–14. Under the guidance of head coach Mark Henninger since 2013, the football team has become increasingly engaged in community outreach and service ac-tivities. As a team, they participate in community improvement efforts like Indy DO Day and form active relation-ships with local grade schools. Through the Team Impact program, the football team was able to form a powerful rela-tionship with young fan Cole Winnefeld as he fought a courageous battle against neuroblastoma. Congratulations to Head Coach Henninger, the NAIA Coach of the Year, the entire coaching staff, ath-letic director Steve Downing, and all of the student-athletes on winning the 60th Annual NAIA Football National Championship on December 19, 2015. In addition, congratulations to university president Daniel J. Elsener, executive vice president and provost Thomas J. Enneking, the Marian University stu-dent body, and alumni. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate the Marian University Knights on their successful football program, and I wish them continued success in the future. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE MARIAN UNIVERSITY CYCLING KNIGHTS ∑Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I applaud the Marian University Knights on earning USA Cycling’s No. 1 collegiate cycling team ranking for the 2014–2015 season, as well as winning the 2015–2016 USA Cycling Collegiate Divi-sion I Track, Cyclo-cross, and BMX Na-tional Championships. Marian University established its cy-cling program in 1992. The program is committed to competing at the highest level and developing strong character in each team member through aca-demic and athletic excellence. Since the inception of its competitive cycling program, the Marian University Knights have won 33 national cham-pionship titles in road, cyclo-cross, track, and BMX cycling. Head Coach Dean Peterson and his staff promote the University’s goals by bringing team-focused concepts to a sport that traditionally emphasizes the individual. Peterson leads the team with a school-first philosophy, remind-ing student-athletes that they are stu-dents first and that being a responsible citizen and community member is as important as being a top-notch cyclist. It is this philosophy that serves as the cornerstone for the cycling team’s three straight—2013, 2014, 2015—USA Cycling Club of the Year awards, which evaluates not only on-bike perform-ance, but team GPA, retention, postgraduation success, and commu-nity engagement. The Marian Univer-sity Cycling Team is also giving back to the local and national cycling com-munity, as well as the Indianapolis area, by hosting informal riding clin-ics, cycling for charity, and partici-pating in campus volunteer opportuni-ties. Congratulations to Head Coach Peterson, director of cycling oper-ations Michael Kubancsek, athletic di-rector Steve Downing, and all the stu-dent-cyclists and assistant coaches on winning the USA Cycling Collegiate Division I 2014–2015 Team Omnium and national championship titles in track, cyclo-cross, and BMX in the 2015–2016 collegiate season. And congratulations to university president Daniel J. Elsener, executive vice president and provost Thomas J. Enneking, the Mar-ian University student body, and alum-ni. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate the Marian University Knights on the triumph of their com-petitive cycling program, and I wish them continued success in the future. ∑ f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVER-SITY OF NORTH DAKOTA MEN’S HOCKEY TEAM ∑Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I am proud to recognize and congratulate the University of North Dakota, UND, men’s hockey team for winning the 2016 National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation, NCAA, Frozen Four Division I Men’s Hockey National Championship. I was proud to join my colleague from North Dakota, Senator J
OHN HOEVEN , in sponsoring an adopted resolution honoring the hard work of the men’s hockey team and commending UND students, fans, and alumni for their tremendous support throughout the 2015–16 season. On April 9, 2016, the UND men’s hock-ey team won the men’s hockey na-tional championship game held in Tampa, FL, defeating the Quinnipiac University Bobcats of Connecticut by a score of 5-to-1. The hockey team, under the leadership of athletic director Brian Faison and Coach Brad Berry, had an incredible season with a record of 34–6-4, which culminated in UND winning its eighth Division I men’s hockey national championship. Coach Berry also became the first head coach to win a Division I men’s hockey national championship in a head coach’s inaugural season. Coach Berry and his staff have instilled char-acter and perseverance in the UND players and have done an outstanding job with the UND hockey program. Under the university’s leadership, UND has worked to support and further both academic and athletic excellence, so students have the opportunity to excel in the classroom as well as in sports. I am excited that thousands of UND fans attended the championship game to support the Fighting Hawks, reflect-ing the tremendous fan base of the Uni-versity of North Dakota and high-lighting the spirit and dedication of UND hockey fans. The enthusiasm and steadfast support of the fans has helped propel the team’s success. Year after year, the UND men’s hockey team has provided the Nation a glimpse of North Dakota values: playing honestly with heart, determination, and sportsman-ship. This year, Coach Berry and his team of hard-working young men strengthened UND’s proud legacy of dedication and respect for the game. The 2016 NCAA Frozen Four Division I Men’s Hockey National Championship was a victory not only for the UND men’s hockey team, but for the entire State of North Dakota. As UND looks to the future, I look forward to seeing the Fighting Hawks hockey program build on this moment of excellence to strengthen the school’s already proud legacy. Congratulations again to all in-volved who made this national cham-pionship possible, and thank you for your hard work and service to the Uni-versity of North Dakota and our great State.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. RON ARYEL ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Dr. Ron Aryel, pedia-trician, biosurveillance expert, and founder of Reno Center for Child and Adolescent Health. The advanced health care this facility provides to our citizens is invaluable to northern Ne-vada, bringing an improved quality of life to children who are disabled or chronically ill and, in turn, the lives of their parents as well. Dr. Aryel founded Reno Center for Child and Adolescent Health in Janu-ary of 2010. Prior to that, he served as a pediatrician and disaster response of-ficer for the Public Health Service, treating patients in a variety of set-tings, including private offices, emer-gency rooms, psychiatric treatment centers, homes, field hospitals, and at the rear of utility vehicles in national emergency situations. During the 1999 North Atlantic Treaty Organization Summit, he served on a team that in-cluded a disaster response unit and the U.S. Marine Corps Chemical Biological Incidence Response Force Unit, pro-tecting the U.S. President from radio-logical chemical and biological threats. In addition, he has volunteered as a clinical supervisor at the University of Nevada, Reno Student Outreach Clinic and served on the board of directors for Project Restart in Reno. Dr. Aryel has received a number of accolades, including the 2008 Good Neighbor Award from Kansas City, MO, Reno Center for Child and Adolescent Health and was also recognized with a Silver Syringe Award for its signifi-cantly high vaccination rates. Dr. Aryel’s unwavering dedication to bringing first-class medical care to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.049 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2387 April 21, 2016 
those around him goes without ques-tion. I am grateful to have him work-ing to help those in need in the Silver State, and I extend my deepest grati-tude for all he has done to help Ne-vada’s youth. Reno Center for Child and Adolescent Health offers preventive and medical care to infants, children, adolescents, and young adults who require atten-tion for serious or life-threatening ill-nesses and disabilities, as well as those requiring complex health care manage-ment. The facility is truly one of a kind in that it welcomes all children, including those with extremely dif-ficult medical cases, and has the high-est quantity of chronically and seri-ously ill children and adolescents in northern Nevada. Those leading the way at the center, including Dr. Aryel, are truly role models, demonstrating a genuine concern in improving the health and well-being of Nevada’s fu-ture generations. Our State is fortu-nate to have a facility like this avail-able to those in need. I am both humbled and honored to acknowledge Dr. Aryel for his out-standing work, especially for what he has done for families throughout northern Nevada, and I wish him the best of luck in all of his future endeav-ors. Today I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in recognizing an upstanding Nevadan, Dr. Ron Aryel. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DELTA CONTRACT INTERIORS ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, in re-cent weeks our State has faced disas-trous storms and flooding, but with true Louisiana strength, families and communities are already banding to-gether for the recovery. In that spirit, I would like to recognize Delta Con-tract Interiors as Small Business of the Week, whose community has rallied to-gether to respond to and recover from the recent storms. In 1976, John and Martha Peters founded Delta Contract Interiors in their hometown of Homer in northwest Louisiana with the goal of providing quality interior design services and unique gifts to clients in their commu-nity. Offering additional services in custom drapery and design in their fac-tory in Homer, they produce draperies, hospital curtains, blinds, and other items for hotels and hospitals nation-wide, from Massachusetts to Wash-ington to California to Florida. One of their most well-known project was pro-viding the interior designs for the his-toric Waldorf Astoria hotel in New Or-leans. Today, the company boasts a state-wide and nationwide clientele, largely due to their commitment to personally measuring, producing, and installing each order that many large corpora-tions sometimes cannot provide. The company has earned a reputation among large hotel brands, enabling Delta Contract Interiors to grow and employ more and more local workers in their manufacturing factory. In the aftermath of a strong upper level storm system that brought dan-gerous thunderstorms and flooding across Louisiana this month, the Peters found themselves in a seemingly impossible situation: their life’s busi-ness was literally underwater. The Homer community came together to help the Peters recover all undamaged products and remove what had been de-stroyed by the rising water. With friends, family, and neighbors coming to their aid, the Peters have been in-spired to pick up the pieces and rebuild their small business. In the next several months, countless businesses like Delta Contract Inte-riors will put the pieces of their busi-nesses back together again with the help of family, friends, and neighbors. As the Peters family and their team at Delta Interiors rebuild after these dis-astrous storms, I am honored to name Delta Interiors as Small Business of the Week, and I wish them a quick re-covery and many more years of growth and success.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:24 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1206. An act to prohibit the hiring of additional Internal Revenue Service employ-ees until the Secretary of the Treasury cer-tifies that no employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service has a seriously delinquent tax debt. H.R. 4885. An act to require that user fees collected by the Internal Revenue Service be deposited into the general fund of the Treas-ury. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2666. An act to prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from regu-lating the rates charged for broadband Inter-net access service. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bills were read the first time: 
H.R. 1206. An act to prohibit the hiring of additional Internal Revenue Service employ-ees until the Secretary of the Treasury cer-tifies that no employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service has a seriously delinquent tax debt. H.R. 4885. An act to require that user fees collected by the Internal Revenue Service be deposited into the general fund of the Treas-ury. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 2837. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–239). By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Report to accompany S. 957, a bill to in-crease access to capital for veteran entre-preneurs to help create jobs (Rept. No. 114– 240). Report to accompany S. 999, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for improvements to small business develop-ment centers (Rept . No. 114–241). Report to accompany S. 1000, a bill to strengthen resources for entrepreneurs by improving the SCORE program, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–242). By Ms. COLLINS, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 2844. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–243). f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. VITTER: S. 2831. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide priority for applicants for a license to operate as a small business investment company that are lo-cated in a disaster area; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. S
ESSIONS , and Mr. K AINE): S. 2832. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure fairness in Medicare hospital payments by establishing a floor for the area wage index applied with respect to certain hospitals; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: S. 2833. A bill to amend section 214(c)(8) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the data reporting requirements re-lating to nonimmigrant employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 2834. A bill to improve the Government-wide management of unnecessarily duplica-tive Government programs and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2835. A bill to amend the National Dam Safety Program Act to establish a program to provide grant assistance for the rehabili-tation and repair of high hazard potential dams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 2836. A bill to clarify the application of spousal impoverishment protections for re-cipients of home and community-based serv-ices under Medicaid; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SHELBY: S. 2837. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.045 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2388 April 21, 2016 
By Mr. VITTER: S. 2838. A bill to improve the HUBZone pro-gram; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. GRAHAM: S. 2839. A bill to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the author-ization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Her-itage Corridor Commission; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. V ITTER ): S. 2840. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to au-thorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. 2841. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit oil-, gas-, and methane hydrate-related seismic activities in the North Atlantic, Mid-Atlan-tic, South Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas of the outer Continental Shelf, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , and Mr. D AINES ): S. 2842. A bill to amend and reform the Johnson-O’Malley Act to award contracts to certain tribal organizations, Indian corpora-tions, school districts, States, and consortia of tribal organizations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 2843. A bill to provide emergency supple-mental appropriations to address the Zika crisis; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Ms. COLLINS: S. 2844. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. A
LEXANDER ): S. Res. 435. A resolution designating May 21, 2016, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. I SAKSON , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. B ROWN ): S. Res. 436. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. Res. 437. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 1, 2016, as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’; considered and agreed to . By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. Res. 438. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Ms. COLLINS ): S. Con. Res. 36. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing support of the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, com-fort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to that goal through a financial commitment to com-prehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust vic-tims, including home care and other medi-cally prescribed needs; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insur-ance Program through a care coordina-tion program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and low-ering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 667 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
OR-
NYN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 667, a bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are al-lowed to continue to provide services for children. 
S. 827 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 827, a bill to amend the Com-munications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable dis-crimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such commu-nications. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1002, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for collegiate housing and infrastructure grants. 
S. 1149 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1149, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire reporting of certain data by pro-viders and suppliers of air ambulance services for purposes of reforming re-imbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. S. 1679 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1679, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to re-quire that certain buildings and per-sonal property be covered by flood in-surance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1911, a bill to imple-ment policies to end preventable ma-ternal, newborn, and child deaths glob-ally. 
S. 1979 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1979, a bill to direct the Chief of Engi-neers to transfer an archaeological col-lection, commonly referred to as the Kennewick Man or the Ancient One, to the Washington State Department of Archeology and Historic Preservation. 
S. 2040 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2040, a bill to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2540, a bill to provide access to counsel for unaccompanied children and other vulnerable populations. 
S. 2566 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2566, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide sexual assault survivors with certain rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2613 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2613, a bill to reauthorize certain pro-grams established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from South Carolina 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.016 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2389 April 21, 2016 
(Mr. S COTT) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Environmental Protection Agency can-not regulate vehicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2679 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2679, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to estab-lish within the Department of Veterans Affairs a center of excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits. 
S. 2707 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2707, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Labor to nullify the proposed rule regarding defining and delimiting the exemptions for executive, adminis-trative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees, to require the Secretary of Labor to conduct a full and complete economic analysis with improved economic data on small busi-nesses, nonprofit employers, Medicare or Medicaid dependent health care pro-viders, and small governmental juris-dictions, and all other employers, and minimize the impact on such employ-ers, before promulgating any substan-tially similar rule, and to provide a rule of construction regarding the sal-ary threshold exemption under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. 
S. 2750 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2750, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions. 
S. 2759 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2759, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a nonrefundable credit for working fam-ily caregivers. 
S. 2777 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2777, a bill to modernize the prescrip-tion verification process for contact lenses, to clarify consumer protections regarding false advertising of contact lenses, and for other purposes. 
S. 2803 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2803, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to deposit certain funds into the general fund of the Treasury in accordance with provi-sions of Federal law with regard to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s Transitional Reinsurance Pro-gram. S. CON. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT) were added as co-sponsors of S. Con. Res. 35, a concur-rent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regarding the Israeli-Pales-tinian peace process. 
S. RES. 344 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Mis-souri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 344, a resolution expressing the Sense of the Senate regarding the use of electronic devices on the floor of the Senate. 
S. RES. 373 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 373, a resolution recognizing the historical significance of Executive Order 9066 and expressing the sense of the Senate that policies that discriminate against any indi-vidual based on the actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, or reli-gion of that individual would be a rep-etition of the mistakes of Executive Order 9066 and contrary to the values of the United States. 
S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 432, a resolution supporting respect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3808 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) and the Senator from Ha-waii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3808 in-tended to be proposed to H. R. 2028, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3811 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3811 proposed to H.R. 2028, a bill making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3814 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3814 proposed to H.R. 2028, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 3833 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3833 pro-posed to H.R. 2028, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2835. A bill to amend the National Dam Safety Program Act to establish a program to provide grant assistance for the rehabilitation and repair of high hazard potential dams, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am pleased to be introducing, along with Senator C
APITO , the High Hazard Po-tential Small Dam Safety Act. This legislation seeks to provide grant as-sistance for the rehabilitation and re-pair of non-Federal high hazard poten-tial dams. High hazard potential dams are those dams where failure is probable to cause loss of human life and endanger popu-lation centers and ecosystems, espe-cially in periods of extreme weather and flooding. According to the Associa-tion of State Dam Safety Officials, ASDSO, the number of high-hazard po-tential dams increased nationally from 9,281 in 1998 to more than 14,700 in 2013. In testimony before the Senate Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works, on February 10, 2016, the presi-dent of the American Society of Civil Engineers, ASCE, Norma Jean Mattei, indicated that the average age of dams in the United States is 52 years, and she called for a dam rehabilitation pro-gram to address this growing problem. In Rhode Island, we have dozens of high hazard potential dams in need of reha-bilitation, many of which date back to the nineteenth century. Currently, there is no Federal pro-gram to assist states with the repair or removal of non-agricultural, non-hy-droelectric, non-Federal high hazard potential small dams. Such a program does exist to address dams built by the Department of Agriculture, but this leaves many dams vulnerable and some states without the ability to address the risks posed by small dams whose failure would likely result in the loss of human life. The bill Senator C
APITO and I are in-troducing today expands FEMA’s exist-ing National Dam Safety Program to allow non-Federal entities to apply for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.022 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2390 April 21, 2016 
matching grants for the repair and re-moval of non-Federal, non-agricul-tural, non-hydroelectric small dams that have been identified by a state dam safety agency as a high hazard po-tential. The program is non-manda-tory, allowing states to determine which, if any, dams they would submit for assistance. The allocation of funds is based on a one-third equal distribu-tion and 2/3 need-based formula, with a 65–35 percent cost share, to ensure the participation of a wide number of states. This legislation builds upon a bipartisan bill introduced in the 110th Congress by our former colleague, Sen-ator Akaka of Hawaii, of which I was a cosponsor. By assisting in the repair or removal of high hazard dams before they fail, the bill makes an investment in future cost savings, not to mention lives and property saved. Estimates show that one dollar of pre-disaster mitigation spending can save between $3–$14 in post-disaster spending. This bipartisan bill, which is sup-ported by the Association of State Dam Safety Officials and the American So-ciety of Civil Engineers, will improve dam safety across the Nation. I look forward to working with these and other stakeholders as well as Senator C
APITO and our colleagues to pass the High Hazard Potential Small Dam Safety Act. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. V
ITTER ): S. 2840. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN.. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2840 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Our Lives by Initiating COPS Expansion Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘POLICE Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZED USE OF COPS FUNDS. 
Section 1701(b) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (17) as para-graph (18); (3) by inserting after paragraph (16) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(17) to participate in nationally recog-nized active shooter training programs that offer scenario-based, integrated response courses designed to counter active shooter threats or acts of terrorism against individ-uals or facilities; and’’; and (4) in paragraph (18), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(16)’’ and inserting ‘‘(17)’’. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 2843. A bill to provide emergency supplemental appropriations to address the Zika crisis; to the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I rise to announce that Senator R
EIDof Nevada and I will be introducing legislation that is the President’s emergency fund-ing request to respond to the Zika virus. I have been on the floor many times talking about the ravages of the Zika virus. It is up to 91 cases in my State of Florida. Fortunately, none of them originated in the State. It is all because of a mosquito bite or some other means of transmission, such as sexual contact, that has been done out-side of Florida. That is particularly true in the warmer climates of the Car-ibbean, Central America, and Latin America. We know the devastating con-sequences of someone getting this virus—not as a virus, because it has the effects of a mild flu, but if a mosquito infects a pregnant woman, the re-searchers understand that if it is any time during the 9 months of the preg-nancy, it has the disastrous con-sequences of severe deformities. What is the result of that? The result is not only trauma to the family involved, enormous tragedy, but look at what the social cost is going to be. The World Health Organization de-clares this a public health emergency of international concern. The last time the World Health Organization de-clared such an emergency was for Ebola. Last week our CDC announced that it is ‘‘scarier than they had initially thought’’ and that it could be linked to other birth defects, not just the shrunken head and brain that is so hor-rendous to see pictures of. This isn’t just in Florida; 800 Ameri-cans in 40 States and territories have been infected. Of course, my State, with 91 cases, has been hit the hardest, and it has spread across 15 counties. The three most recent cases were in the Miami area, and in Florida it in-cludes five pregnant women. Now we are going into the warmer summer months, and this is when the mosquitos breed all the more. This par-ticular mosquito carries the dengue virus, which has its own drastic con-sequences. This mosquito is all over Puerto Rico. There is an estimate that 20 per-cent of the population of Puerto Rico may eventually be infected. If that is the case, you can wonder, out of that 20 percent of the population, how many are pregnant women. In a territory of the United States where American citi-zens reside, you can start to see the ex-treme depravity and social cost that will result, all at the same time that Puerto Rico is going through this tre-mendous financial crisis. Yesterday I spoke at length to Sen-ator HATCH , the chairman of the Fi-nance Committee. I believe he and his staff director are quite sincere about trying to do something about the fi-nancial condition of Puerto Rico, but now, on top of that, this additional plague is added. At the end of the day, we have to do whatever we can to help Puerto Rico in its financial crisis but now especially to help curb the spread of this virus. It is also in Haiti. It just so happens that we have a large Haitian American population in Florida. It is particularly running rampant throughout South America, including Brazil. Guess what is going to happen this summer. The Olympics will be in Brazil, and people from all over the world will be going. It is time to address this problem head-on with the administration’s re-quest for $1.9 billion in emergency funding. There are rumors that the Ap-propriations Committee is looking at a figure of $1.1 billion by stripping out the $250 million that would go through CMS because of the Federal Medicaid assistance increase to support Puerto Rico’s Medicaid Program. What have I just said? They are al-ready in crisis, their Medicaid funds have already been cut, and now we are not going to give this assistance to a population where 20 percent is going to be infected? The Appropriations Com-mittee shouldn’t cut out that $250 mil-lion. There is also the rumor that the Ap-propriations Committee is going to cut out some $589 million of the request that would go back to replenish the Ebola crisis fund; that in order to meet the emergency, the administration took that money—just under $600 mil-lion—over to address the Zika crisis until we can get off our duffs here in Congress and appropriate the emer-gency appropriations. I hope the Appropriations Committee will think twice before they cut out the money for Medicaid in Puerto Rico and replenishing the Ebola fund. That crisis still goes on, but the success of our being able to get on the Ebola cri-sis from 2 years ago is why we need to receive that added source to stop it. Otherwise, the consequences will be that the Ebola crisis will come back to the United States. This is truly an emergency. I am calling on our colleagues to approve the President’s $1.9 billion emergency funding request now, in the immediate future, not later. The cost of inaction would be great and the consequences devastating. We don’t want to have to say in the future: I told you so. I am introducing this legislation. More than likely, it will later be con-sidered possibly as a stand-alone bill but possibly also as an amendment to one of these appropriations bills. I urge our colleagues to support this $1.9 billion emergency assistance re-quest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.026 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2391 April 21, 2016 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows. 
S. 2843 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for the Departments of Health and Human Services and the Depart-ment of State, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support’’, $743,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally; and to carry out titles II, III, and XVII of the Public Health Service (referred to in this title as the ‘‘PHS Act’’) with respect to do-mestic preparedness and global health: Pro- vided, That products purchased with these funds may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided fur-ther, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries: Provided further, That the provisions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall apply to the use of funds appropriated in this paragraph as determined by the Di-rector of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (‘‘CDC’’) to be appropriate: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for grants for the construction, alteration, or renovation of non-Federally owned facilities to improve preparedness and response capability at the State and local level: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for acquisition of real property (includ-ing long-term ground leases) and equipment, and construction, demolition, or renovation of facilities, including construction on leased land: Provided further, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph may be transferred by the Director of CDC to other accounts of the CDC for the purposes provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such trans-fer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the amount appropriated in this paragraph is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the Presi-dent designates such amount as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $233,000,000, to remain available until expended, to prevent, prepare for, and re-spond to Zika virus, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases and re-lated health outcomes, domestically and internationally; to develop necessary coun-termeasures and vaccines, including the de-velopment and purchase of vaccines, thera-peutics, diagnostics, necessary medical sup-plies, and administrative activities; for car-rying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic preparedness and global health; and for carrying out title III of the PHS Act and title V of the Social Security Act to provide health care and re-lated services in areas affected by Zika virus: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to procure secu-rity countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act, as amended by this Act): Provided further, That para-graphs (1) and (7)(C) of subsection (c) of sec-tion 319F–2 of the PHS Act, but no other pro-visions of such section, shall apply to such security countermeasures procured with funds appropriated in this paragraph: Pro- vided further, That products purchased with funds appropriated in this paragraph may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under section 319F– 2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be transferred to the fund authorized by section 319F–4 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may, for purposes of providing primary health services in areas affected by Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to Puerto Rico and other Territories, notwith-standing the assignment priorities and limi-tations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repayment Program awards under section 338B of such Act: Pro- vided further, That funds may be awarded for projects of regional and national significance in Puerto Rico and other Territories author-ized under section 501 of the Social Security Act, notwithstanding section 502 of such Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for the alteration or renovation of non-Feder-ally owned facilities to improve preparedness and response capability at the State and local level: Provided further, That funds ap-propriated in this paragraph may be trans-ferred to other appropriations of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, as de-termined by the Secretary to be appropriate, to be used for the purposes specified in this paragraph: Provided further, That any trans-fers of these funds shall be made in consulta-tion with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided in this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the amount appropriated in this paragraph is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For an additional amount for ‘‘National In-stitute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases’’, $277,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally, including expenses related to carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act: Pro- vided, That such funds may be transferred by the Director of the National Institutes of Health (‘‘NIH’’) to other accounts of the NIH for the purposes provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such transfer author-ity is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided by law: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropria-tion are not necessary for the purposes pro-vided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the amount appropriated in this paragraph is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the Presi-dent designates such amount as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). F
OOD AND DRUGADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally, and to develop nec-essary medical countermeasures and vac-cines, including the review, regulation, and post market surveillance of vaccines and therapies, and administrative activities: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). 
GENERAL PROVISIONS —THIS ACT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. For purposes of preventing, pre-paring for, and responding to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases and related health outcomes domestically and internationally, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services may use funds provided in this Act— (1) to acquire, lease, construct, alter, ren-ovate, equip, furnish, or manage facilities outside of the United States, as necessary to conduct such programs, in consultation with the Secretary of State, either directly for the use of the United States Government or for the use, pursuant to grants, direct assist-ance, or cooperative agreements, of public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries; and (2) to enter into contracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as de-scribed in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (48 CFR 37.104)), within the United States and abroad: Pro- vided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the purpose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.025 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2392 April 21, 2016 
SEC. 102. Section 3304 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) The heads of the Department of Health and Human Services, Department of State, and the Agency for International De-velopment may appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319, candidates needed for positions to perform critical work in direct response to a public health threat requiring an immediate re-sponse for which— ‘‘(1) public notice has been given; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary of Health and Human Services has determined that such a public health threat exists.’’. S
EC. 103. Funds appropriated by this title may be used to reimburse accounts adminis-tered by the Department of Health and Human Services for obligations incurred for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act. 
TRANSFER AUTHORITY  S
EC. 104. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services in this Act may be transferred to and merged with other Federal accounts for purposes specified in this Act following consultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided, That such transfer authority shall be in ad-dition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation. S
EC. 105. Section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 6b(c)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i)(III)(bb), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding the following new clause: ‘‘(iii)(I) the Secretary determines to be a necessary countermeasure to diagnose, miti-gate, prevent, or treat harm from any infec-tious disease that may pose a threat to the public health; and ‘‘(II)(aa) is approved or cleared under chap-ter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act, or licensed under section 351 of this Act; or ‘‘(bb) is a countermeasure for which the Secretary determines that sufficient and sat-isfactory clinical experience or research data (including data, if available, from pre-clin-ical and clinical trials) support a reasonable conclusion that the countermeasure will qualify for approval or licensing within 10 years after the date of a determination under subclause (I).’’. S
EC. 106. (a) I NGENERAL .— (1) For purposes of title XIX of the Social Security Act, for the one year period begin-ning with the first day of the first full fiscal quarter following enactment of this section, the Federal medical assistance percentage (‘‘FMAP’’) under section 1905(b) of such Act for the Territories specified in paragraph (2) shall be raised from 55 percent to 65 percent. Any net increase in payment to such a terri-tory under section 1903(a) of such Act, which is attributable to such raised FMAP, shall be disregarded in applying sections 1108(f) and 1108(g) of such Act to the territory. (2) The Territories specified in this para-graph are the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  I
MPLEMENTING INCREASED FMAP.—With re- spect to the amount needed for purposes of implementing the raised FMAP under sub-section (a) for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, such amount is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND OTHER INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, $14,594,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That up to $2,419,000 may be made available for medical evacuation costs of any other Department or agency of the United States under the Chief of Mission authority, and may be transferred to any other appropria-tion of such Department or agency for such costs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Emer-gencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Serv-ices’’, $4,000,000 for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Repatri-ation Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of direct loans, $1,000,000, to support the re-sponse efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize an additional amount of gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $1,880,406: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided fur-ther, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). O
THER  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $325,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary ex-penses for assistance or research to prevent, treat, or otherwise respond to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for multi- year funding commitments to incentivize the development of global health tech-nologies: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President des-ignates such amount as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). INTERNATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE  
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Non-proliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, $8,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for nec-essary expenses to support response and re-search efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). M
ULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Inter-national Organizations and Programs’’, $13,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response and research efforts related to the Zika virus and related health out-comes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President des-ignates such amount as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). A
GENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary ex-penses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Pro- vided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND OTHER INTER-NATIONAL PROGRAMS 
USE OF EBOLA BALANCES FOR OTHER  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  S
EC. 201. Unobligated balances of amounts appropriated under title IX of the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (di-vision J of Public Law 113–235) shall also be available for necessary expenses for oper-ations, assistance, or research to prevent, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.025 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2393 April 21, 2016 
treat, or otherwise respond to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That amounts repurposed pursuant to this section are designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amounts shall be available only if the Presi-dent designates such amounts as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). 
TRANSFER AUTHORITY  S
EC. 202. (a) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Pro-grams’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Inter-national Organizations and Programs’’, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under such headings to carry out the purposes of this Act. (b) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, and ‘‘Repatriation Loan Programs’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under such headings to carry out the pur-poses of this Act. (c) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. (d) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the au-thorities provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be transferred back to such appropria-tions. 
REIMBURSEMENT AUTHORITY  S
EC. 203. Funds appropriated by this Act may be used to reimburse accounts adminis-tered by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development and the Department of State for obligations incurred for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act. 
AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR INTERNATIONAL  
OPERATIONS  S
EC. 204. Section 307(a) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2227(a)) shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act. 
NOTWITHSTANDING AUTHORITY  S
EC. 205. Funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs that are made available to support Zika virus response and related activities may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law. 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. 206. Funds available in this Act to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases may be used to enter into contracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (48 CFR 37.104)) in the United States or abroad: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the purpose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 435—DESIG-NATING MAY 21, 2016, AS ‘‘KIDS TO PARKS DAY’’ Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. F EIN-STEIN , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. A LEXANDER ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 435 Whereas the sixth annual Kids to Parks Day will be celebrated on May 21, 2016; Whereas the goals of Kids to Parks Day are to promote healthy outdoor recreation and environmental stewardship, empower young people, and encourage families to get out-doors and visit the parks and public land of the United States; Whereas, on Kids to Parks Day, individuals from rural and urban areas of the United States can be reintroduced to the splendid national, State, and neighborhood parks lo-cated in their communities; Whereas communities across the United States offer a variety of natural resources and public land, often with free access, to in-dividuals seeking outdoor recreation; Whereas the people of the United States, young and old, should be encouraged to lead more healthy and active lifestyles; Whereas Kids to Parks Day is an oppor-tunity for families to take a break from their busy lives and come together for a day of active, wholesome fun; and Whereas Kids to Parks Day will broaden an appreciation for nature and the outdoors in young people, foster a safe setting for inde-pendent play and healthy adventure in neighborhood parks, and facilitate self-reli-ance while strengthening communities: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates May 21, 2016, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day’’; (2) recognizes the importance of outdoor recreation and the preservation of open spaces to the health and education of the young people of the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate programs, ceremonies, and activities. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am submitting a resolution to des-ignate May 21, 2016, as Kids to Parks Day. From the Painted Hills to Crater Lake and from Mt. Hood to the Oregon Caves, nature has given Oregon many wondrous treasures in every corner of my State. As a whole, Oregon boasts some of the most beautiful landscapes, varied ecosystems, and unrivaled out-door recreation opportunities in the nation. Given Oregon’s unmatched sce-nery, enjoying the outdoors is imbedded in the DNA of Oregonians, and opportunities to get outside and enjoy our treasures brings in visitors from all over the world. Kids to Parks Day builds on Oregon’s outdoor culture, inspiring children and families to spend time together, enjoy nature and parks, and recreate on pub-lic lands across the country. Over 70,000 people have pledged to participate in this year’s Kids to Parks Day, and over 200 cities have proclaimed May 21 as the day in which to celebrate Those who choose to celebrate Kids to Parks Day will find that communities all across the country offer a variety of natural resources and public lands— often with free access—that promote healthy outdoor recreation and em-power young people to become stew-ards of the environment. I am pleased to be joined on this res-olution by my colleague from Utah, Senator ORRIN HATCH , who has worked with me over the years to promote healthy recreation. This resolution promotes the values of healthy outdoor recreation and envi-ronmental stewardship, for kids of all ages, by encouraging them to get out-side and visit local parks and public lands. Research shows that outdoor recreation has positive impacts on children’s performance in school and their overall health. In addition, when kids have a connection to nature, they are more likely to get involved in ef-forts to preserve public lands for future generations of young conservationists. This resolution—designating Kids to Parks Day—is about more than just one day of recreation. It is about pro-moting the year-round use of parks and public lands by kids and their families. While National Parks are the crown jewels of this country’s parks system, State and neighborhood parks serve as important year-round conduits to the outdoors, attracting the everyday dog walker, jogger, and birdwatcher. Neigh-borhood parks are easily accessible, and can broaden the appreciation for nature and the outdoors in young peo-ple, while fostering a safe setting for healthy adventure. Local parks and the miles of trails on Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management land, not to mention the widely-used reservoirs managed by the Army Corps of Engi-neers, are the backbone that supports recreation and access to public lands all across the country. Kids to Parks Day recognizes the sig-nificance of all open spaces and the need to preserve these areas for the health and education of young people. Today, I am pleased to celebrate the importance of our public lands and the importance of recreation. I want to take this time to encourage children and their families to spend time in the outdoors and celebrate Kids to Parks Day on Saturday, May 21, 2016. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 436—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF WORLD MALARIA DAY Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. I
SAKSON , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 436 Whereas April 25 of each year is recognized internationally as World Malaria Day; Whereas malaria is a leading cause of death and disease in many developing coun-tries, despite being preventable and treat-able; Whereas fighting malaria is in the national interest of the United States, as reducing the risk of malaria protects members of the Armed Forces and other people of the United States serving overseas in malaria-endemic regions, and reducing malaria deaths helps to lower risks of instability in less developed countries; Whereas the elimination of malaria re-mains a bipartisan priority of the United States Government; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.025 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2394 April 21, 2016 
Whereas, on December 14, 2006, President George W. Bush stated at the White House Malaria Summit, ‘‘So we are acting, and we’re leading. And with partners across the world, we are helping the people of Africa turn the tide against malaria. The goal of de-feating malaria is a challenging goal, yet it can be done. It’s not going to require a mir-acle, it just requires a smart, sustained, fo-cused effort.’’; Whereas, on September 27, 2015, President Barack Obama stated at the United Nations General Assembly, ‘‘Billions of our fellow human beings are at risk of dying from dis-eases that we know how to prevent. Many children are just 1 mosquito bite away from death. And that is a moral outrage. It is a profound injustice. It is literally a matter of life and death, and now the world must act.’’; Whereas support for efforts to fight ma-laria is in the diplomatic and moral interest of the United States, as that support gen-erates goodwill toward the United States and highlights the values of the people of the United States through the work of govern-mental, nongovernmental, and faith-based organizations of the United States; Whereas efforts to fight malaria are in the long-term economic interest of the United States because those efforts help developing countries— (1) identify at-risk populations; (2) provide a framework for critical emer-gency disease treatment; (3) provide better health services; (4) increase local governance needed to ad-dress substandard and counterfeit medicines that exacerbate malaria resistance; (5) produce healthier and more productive workforces; (6) advance economic development; and (7) promote stronger trading partners; Whereas, in 2015, malaria transmission oc-curred in 95 countries and territories; Whereas an estimated 3,200,000,000 people are at risk for malaria, with 214,000,000 ac-tive cases, the vast majority of whom are in sub-Saharan Africa, which accounts for 90 percent of malaria deaths in the world; Whereas young children and pregnant women are particularly vulnerable to and disproportionately affected by malaria; Whereas malaria greatly affects the health of children, as children under the age of 5 ac-count for an estimated 70 percent of malaria deaths each year; Whereas malaria poses great risks to ma-ternal and neonatal health, causing com-plications during delivery, anemia, and low birth weights, and estimates indicate that malaria infection causes approximately 400,000 cases of severe maternal anemia and between 75,000 and 200,000 infant deaths an-nually in sub-Saharan Africa; Whereas heightened national, regional, and international efforts to prevent and treat malaria during recent years have made sig-nificant progress and helped save hundreds of thousands of lives; Whereas the World Malaria Report 2015 by the World Health Organization states that, in 2014, approximately 55 percent of people in sub-Saharan Africa slept under an insecti-cide-treated mosquito net, and household surveys indicated that 90 percent of people used an insecticide-treated mosquito net if such a net was available in the household; Whereas, in 2014, approximately 116,000,000 people were protected by indoor residual spraying; Whereas the World Malaria Report 2015 fur-ther states that, between 2000 and 2015— (1) malaria mortality rates decreased by 60 percent around the world; (2) in the African Region of the World Health Organization, malaria mortality rates decreased by 66 percent; and (3) an estimated 6,200,000 malaria deaths were averted globally, primarily as a result of increased interventions; Whereas the World Malaria Report 2015 fur-ther states that, out of 95 countries and ter-ritories with ongoing transmission of ma-laria in 2015— (1) 10 countries are classified as being in the pre-elimination phase; (2) 10 countries are classified as being in the elimination phase; and (3) 9 countries are classified as being in the prevention of malaria reintroduction phase of malaria control; Whereas continued national, regional, and international investment in efforts to elimi-nate malaria, including prevention and treatment efforts, the development of a vac-cine to immunize children from the malaria parasite, and advancements in insecticides, are critical in order to— (1) continue to reduce malaria deaths; (2) prevent backsliding in areas where progress has been made; and (3) equip the United States and the global community with the tools necessary to fight malaria and other global health threats; Whereas the United States Government has played a leading role in the recent progress made toward reducing the global burden of malaria, particularly through the President’s Malaria Initiative (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘PMI’’) and the con-tribution of the United States to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Ma-laria; Whereas an independent, external evalua-tion, prepared by Boston University, exam-ining 6 objectives of the PMI, found the PMI to be a successful, well-led program that has ‘‘earned and deserves the task of sustaining and expanding the United States Govern-ment’s response to global malaria control ef-forts’’; Whereas the PMI Strategy 2015-2020 articu-lates the malaria goal of the United States Government of working with countries and partners to further reduce malaria deaths and substantially decrease malaria mor-bidity, towards the long-term goal of elimi-nation; Whereas the United States Government is pursuing a comprehensive approach to end-ing malaria deaths through the PMI, which is led by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development and implemented with assistance from the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, the Department of State, the Department of Health and Human Services, the National Institutes of Health, the Department of Defense, and private sec-tor entities; Whereas the PMI focuses on helping part-ner countries achieve major improvements in overall health outcomes through improved access to, and quality of, healthcare services in locations with limited resources; and Whereas the PMI, recognizing the burden of malaria on many partner countries, has set a target by 2020 of reducing malaria mor-tality by 
1⁄3from 2015 levels in PMI-sup-ported countries, achieving a greater than 80 percent reduction from original 2000 baseline levels set by the PMI, reducing malaria mor-bidity in PMI-supported countries by 40 per-cent from 2015 levels, and assisting not fewer than 5 PMI-supported countries to meet the criteria of the World Health Organization for national or sub-national pre-elimination: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day; (2) recognizes the importance of reducing malaria prevalence and deaths to improve overall child and maternal health, especially in sub-Saharan Africa; (3) commends the recent progress made to-ward reducing global malaria morbidity, mortality, and prevalence, particularly through the efforts of the President’s Ma-laria Initiative and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria; (4) welcomes ongoing public-private part-nerships to research and develop more effec-tive and affordable tools for malaria diag-nosis, treatment, and vaccination; (5) recognizes the goals, priorities, and au-thorities to combat malaria set forth in the Tom Lantos and Henry J. Hyde United States Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–293; 122 Stat. 2918); (6) supports continued leadership by the United States in bilateral, multilateral, and private sector efforts to combat malaria and to work with developing countries to create long-term strategies to increase ownership over malaria programs; and (7) encourages other members of the inter-national community to sustain and increase their support for and financial contributions to efforts to combat malaria worldwide. f SENATE RESOLUTION 437—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 1, 2016, AS ‘‘SILVER STAR SERVICE BANNER DAY’’ Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 437 Whereas the Senate has always honored the sacrifices made by the wounded and ill members of the Armed Forces; Whereas the Silver Star Service Banner has come to represent the members of the Armed Forces and veterans who were wound-ed or became ill in combat in the wars fought by the United States; Whereas the Silver Star Families of Amer-ica was formed to help the people of the United States remember the sacrifices made by the wounded and ill members of the Armed Forces by designing and manufac-turing Silver Star Service Banners and Sil-ver Star Flags for that purpose; Whereas the sole mission of the Silver Star Families of America is to evoke memories of the sacrifices of members of the Armed Forces and veterans on behalf of the United States through the presence of a Silver Star Service Banner in a window or a Silver Star Flag flying; Whereas the sacrifices of members of the Armed Forces and veterans on behalf of the United States should never be forgotten; and Whereas May 1, 2016, is an appropriate date to designate as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports the des-ignation of May 1, 2016, as ‘‘Silver Star Serv-ice Banner Day’’ and calls upon the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate programs, ceremonies, and ac-tivities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 438—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL BRAIN ANEURYSM AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.026 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2395 April 21, 2016 
S. R ES. 438 Whereas a brain aneurysm is an abnormal saccular or fusiform bulging of an artery in the brain; Whereas an estimated 1 out of every 50 in-dividuals in the United States has a brain aneurysm; Whereas brain aneurysms are most likely to occur in individuals between the ages of 35 and 60; Whereas there are typically no warning signs before the occurrence of a brain aneu-rysm; Whereas brain aneurysms are more likely to occur in women than in men by a 3 to 2 ratio; Whereas young and middle-aged African- Americans have a higher risk of brain aneu-rysm rupture compared to Caucasians in the United States; Whereas, based on a 2004 study (the most recent year with readily available data), the combined lost wages of survivors of a brain aneurysm rupture and the caretakers of the survivors for 1 year were $138,000,000; Whereas various risk factors can con-tribute to the formation of a brain aneu-rysm, including smoking, hypertension, and a family history of brain aneurysms; Whereas approximately 6,000,000 individ-uals in the United States have a brain aneu-rysm; Whereas an unruptured brain aneurysm can lead to double vision, vision loss, loss of sensation, weakness, loss of balance, incoordination, and speech problems; Whereas a brain aneurysm is often discov-ered when it ruptures and causes a subarach-noid hemorrhage; Whereas a subarachnoid hemorrhage can lead to brain damage, hydrocephalus, stroke, and death; Whereas, each year, more than 30,000 indi-viduals in the United States suffer from rup-tured brain aneurysms, 50 percent of whom die as a result; Whereas, annually, between 3,000 and 4,500 individuals in the United States with rup-tured brain aneurysms die before reaching the hospital; Whereas a number of advancements have been made in recent years regarding the de-tection of brain aneurysms, including the computerized tomography scan, the mag-netic resonance imaging test, and the cere-bral arteriogram; Whereas early detection of brain aneu-rysms can save lives; Whereas various research studies are cur-rently being conducted in the United States in order to better understand, prevent, and treat brain aneurysms; Whereas the United States spends only $1.30 per individual for research on brain an-eurysms each year for the approximately 6,000,000 individuals in the United States who suffer from brain aneurysms; Whereas the Brain Aneurysm Foundation, a nonprofit organization, remains a globally recognized leader for brain aneurysm aware-ness, education, support, advocacy, and re-search funding; and Whereas the month of September is an ap-propriate month to designate as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2016 as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’; and (2) continues to support research to pre-vent, to detect, and to treat brain aneu-rysms. SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 36—EXPRESSING SUPPORT OF THE GOAL OF ENSURING THAT ALL HOLOCAUST VICTIMS LIVE WITH DIGNITY, COMFORT, AND SECURITY IN THEIR RE-MAINING YEARS, AND URGING THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY TO REAFFIRM ITS COMMITMENT TO THAT GOAL THROUGH A FINANCIAL COMMIT-MENT TO COMPREHENSIVELY ADDRESS THE UNIQUE HEALTH AND WELFARE NEEDS OF VUL-NERABLE HOLOCAUST VICTIMS, INCLUDING HOME CARE AND OTHER MEDICALLY PRESCRIBED NEEDS Mr. NELSON (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. C ON. RES. 36 Whereas the annihilation of 6,000,000 Jews during the Holocaust and the murder of mil-lions of others by the Nazi German state constitutes 1 of the most tragic and heinous crimes in human history; Whereas hundreds of thousands of Jews survived persecution by the Nazi regime de-spite being imprisoned, subjected to slave labor, moved into ghettos, forced to live in hiding or under false identity or curfew, or required to wear the ‘‘yellow star’’; Whereas in fear of the oncoming Nazi Einsatzgruppen, or ‘‘Nazi Killing Squads’’, and the likelihood of extermination, hun-dreds of thousands of Jewish Nazi victims fled for their lives; Whereas whatever type of persecution suf-fered by Jews during the Holocaust, the com-mon thread that binds Holocaust victims is that they were targeted for extermination and they lived with a constant fear for their lives and the lives of their loved ones; Whereas Holocaust victims immigrated to the United States from Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, and the former Soviet Union between 1933 and the date of adoption of this resolution; Whereas it is estimated that there are at least 100,000 Holocaust victims living in the United States and approximately 500,000 Hol-ocaust victims living around the world, in-cluding child survivors of the Holocaust; Whereas tens of thousands of Holocaust victims are at least 80 years old, and the number of surviving Holocaust victims is di-minishing; Whereas at least 50 percent of Holocaust victims alive today will pass away within the next decade, and those living victims are becoming frailer and have increasing health and welfare needs; Whereas Holocaust victims throughout the world continue to suffer from permanent physical and psychological injuries and dis-abilities and live with the emotional scars of a systematic genocide against the Jewish people; Whereas many of the emotional and psy-chological scars of Holocaust victims are ex-acerbated in the old age of the Holocaust vic-tims; Whereas the past haunts and overwhelms many aspects of the lives of Holocaust vic-tims when their health fails them; Whereas Holocaust victims suffer par-ticular trauma when their emotional and physical circumstances force them to leave the security of their homes and enter insti-tutional or other group living residential fa-cilities; Whereas tens of thousands of Holocaust victims live in poverty and cannot afford, and do not receive, sufficient medical care, home care, mental health care, medicine, food, transportation, and other vital life-sus-taining services that allow individuals to live their final years with comfort and dig-nity; Whereas Holocaust victims often lack fam-ily support networks and require social worker-supported case management in order to manage their daily lives and access gov-ernment-funded services; Whereas in response to a letter sent by members of Congress to the Minister of Fi-nance of Germany in December 2015 relating to increased funding for Holocaust victims, German officials acknowledged that ‘‘recent experience has shown that the care financed by the German Government to date is insuf-ficient’’ and that ‘‘it is imperative to expand these assistance measures quickly given the advanced age of many of the affected per-sons’’; Whereas German Chancellor Konrad Ade-nauer acknowledged, in 1951, the responsi-bility of Germany to provide moral and fi-nancial compensation to Holocaust victims worldwide; Whereas every successive German Chan-cellor has reaffirmed that acknowledgment, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, who, in 2007, reaffirmed that ‘‘only by fully accept-ing its enduring responsibility for this most appalling period and for the cruelest crimes in its history, can Germany shape the fu-ture’’; and Whereas Congress believes it is the moral and historical responsibility of Germany to comprehensively, permanently, and urgently provide resources for the medical, mental health, and long-term care needs of all Holo-caust victims: Now therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) acknowledges the financial and moral commitment of the Federal Republic of Ger-many during the 7 decades prior to the date of adoption of this resolution to provide a measure of justice for Holocaust victims; (2) supports the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims in the United States and around the world are able to live with dig-nity, comfort, and security in their remain-ing years; (3) applauds the nonprofit organizations and agencies that work tirelessly to honor and assist Holocaust victims in the commu-nities of the nonprofit organizations and agencies; (4) acknowledges the ongoing process of ne-gotiations between the Federal Republic of Germany and the Conference on Jewish Ma-terial Claims Against Germany (referred to in this resolution as the ‘‘Claims Con-ference’’) in order to secure funding for Holo-caust victims and for vital social services provided through nonprofit organizations and agencies around the world; (5) acknowledges that the Federal Republic of Germany and the Claims Conference have established a new high level working group that will develop proposals for extensive as-sistance for homecare and other social wel-fare needs of Holocaust victims; (6) urges the working group described in paragraph (5) to recognize the imperative to immediately and fully fund medical, mental health, and long-term care needs of surviving Holocaust victims, with full transparency and accountability, to ensure all funds for Holocaust victims from the Federal Republic of Germany are administered efficiently, fairly, and without delay; and (7) urges the Federal Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to fulfill its moral responsibility to Holocaust victims by— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.028 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2396 April 21, 2016 
(A) ensuring that each Holocaust victim receives all of the prescribed medical care, home care, mental health care, and other vital services necessary to live in dignity; and (B) providing, without delay, additional fi-nancial resources to address the unique needs of Holocaust victims. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3838. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3839. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3840. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3841. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 pro-posed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3842. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3843. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3844. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3845. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3846. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3847. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3848. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. S ESSIONS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3849. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3850. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3851. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. ALEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3852. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3853. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3854. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R . 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3855. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3856. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3857. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3858. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3859. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3860. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3861. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3862. Mr. KING submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3863. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3864. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3865. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. B EN-
NET, and Mr. S ASSE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs . F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3866. Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. BOOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 pro-posed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3867. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3868. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3838. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 11, before the period at the end, insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading, $48,000,000 shall be used for rural water programs, of which $4,200,000 shall be derived from amounts otherwise made avail-able for the Northern Border Regional Com-mission’’. 
SA 3839. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 11, before the period at the end, insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading, $48,000,000 shall be used for rural water programs, of which $4,200,000 shall be derived from amounts otherwise made avail-able for Western drought’’. 
SA 3840. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 28, line 8, strike ‘‘$5,400,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$5,398,000,000’’. 
SA 3841. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER  (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.033 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2397 April 21, 2016 
On page 23, line 15, before the period at the end, insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That of such amount $220,600,000 shall be available for the Weatherization Assistance Program, of which $6,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the amount otherwise avail-able for Building Technologies.’’. 
SA 3842. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. Section 205 of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114– 113;129 Stat. 2242), is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘feasibility studies de-scribed in clauses (i)(II) and (ii)(I)’’ and in-serting ‘‘feasibility study described in clause (i)(II)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such studies’’ and insert-ing ‘‘such study’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) not later than November 30, 2017, com-plete and submit to the appropriate commit-tees of the House of Representatives and the Senate the feasibility study described in sec-tion 103(d)(1)(A)(ii)(I) of the Calfed Bay-Delta Authorization Act (Public Law 108–361; 118 Stat. 1684);’’. 
SA 3843. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER  (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: S
EC. 3lll. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report that— (1) examines the use of a provision de-scribed in subsection (b) in any power con-tracts of the Western Area Power Adminis-tration that were executed before or on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) explains the circumstances for not in-cluding a provision described in subsection (b) in power contracts of the Western Area Power Administration executed before or on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) A provision referred to in subsection (a) is a termination clause described in section 11 of the general power contract provisions of the Western Power Administration, effec-tive September 1, 2007. 
SA 3844. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title I, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. Of the amounts made available under this title for operation and mainte-nance, $2,000,000 shall be available for Upper Missouri River Basin flood and drought mon-itoring under section 4003(a) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1310). 
SA 3845. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 pro-posed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. Of the amounts made available by this title for flood and coastal storm dam-age reduction investigations, construction, and operations and maintenance, the Sec-retary of the Army shall use not less than $100,000,000 for coastal projects. 
SA 3846. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 11, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That the amounts provided under this heading for facilities operation and mainte-nance may be used for operations and main-tenance, including upgrades, of community water systems included in a congressionally authorized water project and in existence during the period in which that water project was authorized.’’. 
SA 3847. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. Of the funds made available under this title for construction that are in excess of the amount requested for that pur-pose in the budget of the United States Gov-ernment most recently submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, not less than $100,000,000 shall be used for projects related to deep- draft navigation. 
SA 3848. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. S ESSIONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 pro-posed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act, or any contributed or non-Fed-eral funds, may be used— (1) to study reallocation of water within the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa or Apalachi-cola-Chattahoochee-Flint river basins until the Secretary of the Army has executed a Partnering Agreement— (A) with— (i) in the case of the Alabama-Coosa- Tallapoosa basin, each of the States of Ala-bama and Georgia; and (ii) in the case of the Apalachicola-Chat-tahoochee-Flint basin, each of the States of Alabama, Florida, and Georgia; and (B) that outlines the participation of each State in separate water reallocation studies for each basin; or (2) to reallocate water within the Alabama- Coosa-Tallapoosa or Apalachicola-Chat-tahoochee-Flint river basins until the Sec-retary of the Army executes a final agree-ment with each State through which the rel-evant river basin flows that provides the ex-plicit consent of each relevant State to any reallocation. 
SA 3849. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. Section 601 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2693) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (p) as sub-section (q); and (2) by inserting after subsection (o) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(p) C
ENTRAL EVERGLADES PLANNING  P
ROJECT , FLORIDA .—In accordance with sub-section (d), the project for environmental restoration, Central Everglades planning project, Florida, is authorized to be carried out by the Secretary substantially in accord-ance with the plans, and subject to the con-ditions, recommended in the final report of the Chief of Engineers signed on December 23, 2014.’’. 
SA 3850. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to reevaluate or re-vise any jurisdictional determination for wetland delineations for the Atlantic and Gulf Coast region that was valid as of Janu-ary 1, 2008, or that has an effective approval date of January 1, 2008, through December 31, 2014. 
SA 3851. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.034 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2398 April 21, 2016 
ALEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 56, line 13, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $543,000 shall be used to implement the requirements of the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–101; 128 Stat. 1146).’’ 
SA 3852. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. Out of amounts collected by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall fund the Office of Public Participation under section 319 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 825q–1) with the resources nec-essary for the Office to fulfill the statutory duties of the Office. 
SA 3853. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. The portion of the project for navigation, Stonington Harbor, Connecticut, authorized by the Act of May 23, 1828 (4 Stat. 288; chapter 73) that consists of the inner stone breakwater that begins at coordinates N. 682,146.42, E. 1231,378.69, running north 83.587 degrees west 166.79’ to a point N. 682,165.05, E. 1,231,212.94, running north 69.209 degrees west 380.89’ to a point N. 682,300.25, E. 1,230,856.86, shall no longer be authorized as a Federal project as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 3854. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER  (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. RESTORING THE PROMISE OF BUDG-ET CONTROL ENERGY AND WATER APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Restoring the Promise of Budg-et Control Energy and Water Appropriations Act’’. (b) R
EDUCTION IN SPENDING .—The amounts appropriated under this Act shall be reduced on a pro rata basis by the amount necessary to reduce the total amount of spending under this Act by $1,959,000,000. SA 3855. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: S
EC. 5lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study with re-spect to the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cum-berland, Kentucky, project authorized under the first section of the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, chapter 595). 
SA 3856. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this title may be used by the Secretary of Energy to adopt, implement, administer, or enforce a new or revised regulation or issue guidance regarding enforcement of an exist-ing regulation for which the total direct and indirect monetary cost to the non-Federal sector of complying with the new or revised regulation or regulatory guidance exceeds $100,000,000, unless specifically approved by Congress. 
SA 3857. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 14, line 6, strike ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$9,725,000’’. On page 15, line 10, strike ‘‘$1,114,394,000’’ and insert ‘‘$1,083,837,000’’. On page 16, line 15, strike ‘‘$55,606,000’’ and insert ‘‘$54,081,000’’. On page 17, line 8, strike ‘‘$36,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$35,012,000’’. On page 17, line 24, strike ‘‘$59,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$57,382,000’’. On page 23, line 13, strike ‘‘$2,073,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,016,158,000’’. On page 23, line 25, strike ‘‘$206,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$200,351,000’’. On page 24, line 13, strike ‘‘$1,057,903,000’’ and insert ‘‘$836,418,000’’. On page 25, line 8, strike ‘‘$632,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$614,670,000’’. On page 25, line 15, strike ‘‘$14,950,000’’ and insert ‘‘$14,540,000’’. On page 25, line 25, strike ‘‘$200,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$194,516,000’’. On page 26, line 18, strike ‘‘$6,500,000’’ and insert ‘‘$6,321,000’’. On page 26, line 22, strike ‘‘$122,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$118,654,000’’. On page 27, line 10, strike ‘‘$255,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$248,007,000’’. On page 27, line 18, strike ‘‘$717,741,000’’ and insert ‘‘$698,060,000’’. On page 28, line 8, strike ‘‘$5,400,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$5,251,932,000’’. On page 28, line 16, strike ‘‘$292,669,000’’ and insert ‘‘$284,644,000’’. On page 28, line 22, strike ‘‘$20,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$19,451,000’’. On page 29, line 11, strike ‘‘$37,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$35,985,000’’. On page 30, line 8, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$4,862,000’’. On page 30, line 14, strike ‘‘$232,142,000’’ and insert ‘‘$225,776,000’’. On page 35, line 10, strike ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$972,000’’. On page 36, line 20, strike ‘‘$45,643,000’’ and insert ‘‘$44,391,000’’. On page 38, line 1, strike ‘‘$307,144,000’’ and insert ‘‘$298,722,000’’. On page 39, line 11, strike ‘‘$4,070,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,958,000’’. On page 53, line 11, strike ‘‘$151,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$146,859,000’’. On page 53, line 18, strike ‘‘$31,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$30,149,000’’. On page 54, line 1, strike ‘‘$25,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$24,314,000’’. On page 54, line 7, strike ‘‘$15,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$14,588,000’’. On page 55, line 4, strike ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$9,725,000’’. SA 3858. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this title may be used by the Secretary of the Army to enforce any compensatory miti-gation requirement under section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344) for a project that is being con-structed in an existing right-of-way. 
SA 3859. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. llll. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 2 years, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of— (1) energy production in the United States; and (2) the effects, if any, of crude oil exports from the United States on consumers, inde-pendent refiners, and shipbuilding and ship repair yards. (b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after commencing each review under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations, Energy and Nat-ural Resources, Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and Foreign Relations of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.036 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2399 April 21, 2016 
Senate and the Committees on Natural Re-sources, Energy and Commerce, Financial Services, and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (1) a statement of the principal findings of the review; and (2) recommendations for Congress and the President to address any job loss in the ship-building and ship repair industry or adverse impacts on consumers and refiners that the Comptroller General of the United States at-tributes to unencumbered crude oil exports in the United States. 
SA 3860. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: S
EC. 5ll. None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used in any way to authorize construction of a repository (as de-fined in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Pol-icy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101)) for the per-manent disposal of nuclear energy waste within— (1) Lake Ontario, Lake Erie, Lake Huron (including Lake St. Clair), Lake Michigan, or Lake Superior; (2) the connecting channels (including Saint Mary’s River, Saint Clair River, De-troit River, Niagara River, or Saint Law-rence River to the Canadian Border); or (3) any stream, river, lake, or other body of water within the drainage basin of the lakes described in paragraph (1). 
SA 3861. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 23, line 15, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of such amount $10,000,000 shall be available for onshore distributed wind re-search, development, and demonstration.’’. 
SA 3862. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the general provisions of title III, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act or any other Act may be used by the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission to enforce, pursue, implement, or otherwise require compliance with license conditions or requirements that apply or may be applied to any dam project that— (1) operates as a water storage facility; (2) does not generate power onsite; (3) is connected to a downstream power- generating facility, through ownership or impact, that— (A) is authorized by any law that predates the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.); and (B) is subject to the jurisdiction of the International Joint Commission; and (4) is on land that— (A) is not Federal land; or (B) is Federal land held in trust by the Sec-retary of the Interior for an Indian tribe. SA 3863. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, line 21, before the period at the end, insert the following: ‘‘: Provided, That funds made available under this heading for shore protection shall be prioritized for projects in areas that have suffered repet-itive losses outside of the normal beach re-nourishment cycle and in which the normal beach renourishment cycle has been de-layed’’. 
SA 3864. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. (a) Congress finds that— (1) climate change is real; (2) human activity contributes to climate change; (3) climate change is already affecting the people of the United States and poses an in-creasing risk to— (A) the health of the people of the United States; and (B) the security, economy, and infrastruc-ture of the United States; and (4) over 180 countries, including China, India, and Brazil, have made commitments to reducing greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change, which creates opportunities for workers of the United States and innovative private industries to benefit from global clean energy markets. (b) It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should be a world leader in addressing climate change; (2) Congress is best positioned to address policies that leave for future generations a prosperous economy and healthy environ-ment; (3) Congress has a responsibility to take actions that reduce emissions and combat climate change; and (4) Congress should support research and development to bolster clean energy tech-nology. 
SA 3865. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. S ASSE) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 pro-posed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title II, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act that would be provided to, or impact, any Bureau of Reclamation res-ervoir project, operations, administration of water rights, or other action in the Repub-lican River Basin may be used in a manner that does not comply with, or is not in ac-cordance with, each applicable— (1) resolution of the Republican River Com-pact Administration; and (2) State order necessary to carry out such a resolution. 
SA 3866. Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. None of the funds made avail-able in this title may be used to carry out a project approved under section 1222 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16421). 
SA 3867. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: S
EC. ll. Section 2102 of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 128 Stat. 1273) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall pub-lish on the website of the Corps of Engineers guidance on the implementation of this sec-tion and the amendments made by this sec-tion.’’. 
SA 3868. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3801 proposed by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) to the bill H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: S
EC. ll. The Secretary of the Army shall— (1) carry out a study of the oyster aqua-culture industry in the Chesapeake Bay, in-cluding— (A) an examination of existing Federal and State regulations in each relevant district of the Corps of Engineers; (B) the number, structure, funding, and regulation of oyster hatcheries in each rel-evant State; (C) the number of oyster aquaculture leases in place in each relevant district of the Corps of Engineers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.037 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2400 April 21, 2016 
(D) the period of time required to secure an oyster aquaculture lease from each relevant jurisdiction; and (E) the experience of the private sector in applying for oyster aquaculture permits from different jurisdictions of the Corps of Engineers and different States; and (2) submit to Congress a report on the find-ings of the study under paragraph (1). f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2016, at 9:15 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CLEAN AIR AND NUCLEAR  
SAFETY  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety of the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on April 21, 2016, at 9:45 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled, ‘‘Enabling Advanced Reactors and a Legislative Hearing on S. 2795, the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS , 
AND MINING  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 1, 2016, AS ‘‘SILVER STAR SERVICE BANNER DAY’’ Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 437, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 437) expressing sup-port for the designation of May 1, 2016, as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 437) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL BRAIN ANEURYSM AWARENESS MONTH Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 438, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 438) designating Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 438) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 1206 AND H.R. 4885 Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I under-stand that there are two bills at the desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bills by title for the first time en bloc. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 1206) to prohibit the hiring of additional Internal Revenue Service employ-ees until the Secretary of the Treasury cer-tifies that no employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service has a seriously delinquent tax debt. A bill (H.R. 4885) to require that user fees collected by the Internal Revenue Service be deposited into the general fund of the Treas-ury. 
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading, and I object to my own request, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bills will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 25, 2016 Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 3 p.m., Monday, April 25; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 4 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, that following morning business, the Senate then resume consideration of H.R. 2028. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, APRIL 25, 2016, AT 3 P.M. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:58 p.m., adjourned until Monday, April 25, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.038 S21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE561 April 21, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE 110TH ANNIVER-SARY OF PINE CASTLE UNITED METHODIST CHURCH 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize the 110th anniver-sary of Pine Castle United Methodist Church in Orlando, Florida, and commend their strong heritage of service within Orange County, Flor-ida. On July 30, 1900, a group of women in the community organized a church community that housed the Methodist, Baptist, and Missionary Alliance congregations under one roof. In De-cember 1906, nineteen congregation members laid the foundation for what would become Pine Castle United Methodist Church. Pine Castle United Methodist Church has served as a beacon of hope in our local community. Many lives have been impacted through the church’s ministry, and I am honored to recog-nize their long history of dedication and serv-ice. This is a momentous year for Pine Castle United Methodist Church, and they deserve to be commended for their 110 years of service to our community. It is my pleasure to join Pastor Scott George and the congregation at Pine Castle United Methodist Church in cele-brating this historical milestone. I would like to thank them for their many years of faithful ministry to our community and their dedication to Christian leadership. May God continue to bless their church and ministry throughout fu-ture generations. 
f 
HONORING FATHER LAWRENCE W. ‘‘BILL’’ CARMODY 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Father Lawrence W. ‘‘Bill’’ Carmody, beloved priest of the Colorado Springs Diocese and tireless warrior for the unborn. He passed away on February 23, at the age of 58 after a long battle with cancer. A Colorado native ordained in 1990, Father Carmody faithfully served the Colorado Springs area for more than 25 years. In 1995 he was named the pastor of Corpus Christi Parish. Later, Father Carmody led the move-ment to found St. Dominic Catholic Church in Security, where he also served as pastor. St. Dominic’s is the largest Catholic church in the Colorado Springs area. Father Carmody was also a devoted leader of the pro-life movement. He led the Diocese’s Respect Life Office, dedicated to the pro-motion of a greater understanding of the Church’s teachings to respect life in all its phases. For over a decade, Father Carmody lovingly celebrated mass every week outside a local abortion clinic. In 1994, he introduced the Project Rachel program in Colorado Springs. The Project Rachel program is dedicated to helping those suffering after an abortion. Fa-ther Carmody called his work with the Project Rachel program as the ‘‘most profound experi-ence I have as a priest—watching people heal from what they believe is an unforgiveable sin and find God’s forgiveness.’’ Father Carmody was truly a great man who spent his time on earth defending life and lov-ingly ministering to those our Heavenly Father entrusted to his care. He touched the lives of many while living out his calling to serve the Colorado Springs community. I pray that his legacy continue to be an inspiration to all of us in the years to come. f 
HONORING PORTER EARLY COL-LEGE HIGH SCHOOL BOYS SOC-CER TEAM 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Porter Early College High School on their victory in the Texas 5A Boys Soccer State Championship game which was played last Saturday in Georgetown. The win marks the second time the Porter Cowboys have won the state-wide soccer championship, earning the first title in 2006. After a long season marked by hard work and dedication by students, parents, coaches, teachers, support staff and administrators, the team clinched the state championship defeat-ing Frisco Wakeland 10–9 in penalty kicks to secure the 3–2 victory. It is my great pleasure to honor the team members: Alexis Anzures Alexis Armendariz Daniel Brisen˜o Robert Brisen˜o Caleb Castillo Anthony Cuellar Marco Don Juan Omar Estrada Harambe Garcia Oscar Garcia Jaime Gomez Luis Lara Esteban Mata Jose Nava Jose Pardillo Jerry Perez Agustin Pizano Josue Reyna Luis Reyna Mario Rios Diego Rivera Uriel Sepulveda Angel Silva Enrique Soto—Captain Fernando Trigo Ricky Vidal Managers: Franco Gonzalez and Haziel Trevin˜o Coaches: Jose Espitia, Eddie Buentello, Adrian Navarro and Antonio Serrano Video: Maria Esteves Porter Early College High School, located in the heart of Southmost neighborhood, is an important community institution. Countless teachers, police officers, entrepreneurs, law-yers, doctors and engineers are Porter alumni, and the school bears the name of a woman who made important contributions to the City of Brownsville. Gladys Porter, daughter of phi-lanthropist Earl C. Sams, who was the first president of the J.C. Penney retail chain, was devoted to South Texas. Ms. Porter was a well-known civic leader in Brownsville and was the driving force behind the Gladys Porter Zoo, which today attracts thousands of visitors annually to the Rio Grande Valley. I would like to express my deep gratitude to the families of these young men. Parents, grandparents, siblings and other family mem-bers make great sacrifices to support student athletes during the competitive season and all year long. Porter parents have spent years driving to practices, washing uniforms, clean-ing cleats, cheering from the sidelines, and generally making sure these student athletes have everything they need to succeed both on and off the field. The coaches, teachers, and administrators deserve recognition for all they do to provide students with a high quality education that bal-ances academic and athletic achievement. Teachers and coaches serve as role models, providing critical motivation and support for these young athletes. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in con-gratulating the Porter Cowboys boy’s soccer team for their victory in the Texas 5A State Championship. Each of them, their parents, teachers, coaches and support staff make the Rio Grande Valley proud, and I wish them success in all their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING JACOB DEAN BEESON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Jacob Dean Beeson. Jacob is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1417, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Jacob has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jacob has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Jacob contributed to his community through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21AP8.001 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE562 April 21, 2016 
his Eagle Scout project. Jacob built two cello and two bass racks for the Liberty North High School Orchestra. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Jacob Dean Beeson for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOPEY’S DAY 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to acknowledge Hopey’s Day in New York City, which is on April 22, 2016. Hopey’s Day was initiated by the Hopey’s Heart Foundation, which works to raise awareness of sudden cardiac arrest, particularly among student ath-letes, and helps to place automated external defibrillators (AEDs) at schools and at commu-nity and recreational centers. The driving force behind Hopey’s Day has been WNBA New York Liberty center Tina Charles, who founded the Hopey’s Heart Foundation in honor of her late aunt, Maureen ‘‘Hopey’’ Vaz. As an athlete, Tina recognized that too many promising young athletes lose their lives to sudden cardiac arrest on basket-ball courts and sports fields before they can attain the same dreams she achieved. Under Tina’s leadership, the Hopey’s Heart Founda-tion has provided over 200 AEDs to schools around the U.S. and in other parts of the world. To mark Hopey’s Day, the Hopey’s Heart Foundation, along with Safe Kids Worldwide, will be holding sports safety clinics at New York City schools, including P.S. 127 in Queens and in P.S. 55 in the Bronx. These clinics will help kids, parents, and coaches un-derstand how they can prevent risks encoun-tered in sports, like sudden cardiac arrest, as well as teach about proper hydration and con-cussions. Notably, attendees will learn emer-gency response and how to use an AED. These clinics also mark the beginning of the Hopey’s Heart Foundation Build UP NYC pro-gram to expand its work across New York City, and I look forward to seeing more schools have the opportunity to present these experiences to their students. I am so proud of the work that Hopey’s Heart Foundation, Safe Kids NYC and Safe Kids Queens have done, as well as of the tre-mendous leadership shown by Tina Charles, a native of East Elmhurst, Queens, where one of the Hopey’s Day clinics will take place. Tina has committed herself to giving back to her home community and elsewhere in so many ways. I thank the Hopey’s Heart Foundation and Tina Charles for their commitment to protect the hearts of so many children playing sports. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARJORIE IBBOTSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Mar-jorie Ibbotson on the occasion of her 100th birthday on April 22, 2016. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Ms. Ibbotson’s life. We have rev-olutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Ms. Ibbotson has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twen-ty-four Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Ms. Ibbotson in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Marjorie Ibbotson on reaching this incredible milestone, wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING MORNINGSTAR MIS-SION AS AN OUTSTANDING HUMAN SERVICE AGENCY AND GLEN MARCUM AS AN OUT-STANDING INDIVIDUAL IN HUMAN SERVICES 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize MorningStar Mission as the recipi-ent of the 2016 Outstanding Agency in Human Services Award and Glen Marcum as the re-cipient of the 2016 Outstanding Individual in Human Services Award. Established in 1909 because of the great need to feed and house homeless men, MorningStar Mission now serves men, women, and families with children—providing critical services ranging from meals, to transitional housing, to permanent supportive housing for homeless veterans and a 72-bed facility to allow families to remain intact. For its many contributions to our community, MorningStar Mission is to be commended. Also deserving of commendation is Glen Marcum, who has been an active member of our community for over 25 years. In addition to serving as President of the Joliet Park Dis-trict Board of Commissioners, Glen has been involved in numerous activities in our area’s education and nonprofit community, including his current position as a Regional Board Mem-ber for the American Cancer Society. I would also like to recognize the Commu-nity Service Council of Will County for its com-mitment to our community and for identifying and honoring leaders in the Human Services sector annually since 1972. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating MorningStar Mission and Glen Marcum, and in thanking them for the service they have given to our community. HONORING LOGAN JAMES PALMER HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Logan James Palmer. Logan is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 247, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Logan has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Logan has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Logan led his troop as the Senior Patrol Lead-er, earned the rank of Brave in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say, and became a Brotherhood mem-ber of the Order of the Arrow. Logan has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Logan constructed a duck house at Shiloh Springs Golf Course outside of Platte City, Missouri, to provide shelter for an endangered species of duck. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Logan James Palmer for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARTY M CVEY 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on be-half of the constituents of the Fifth Congres-sional District of Florida and myself, I rise to offer a tribute to Marty McVey for his contin-ued public service, including his 4 year tenure at the United States Agency for International Development’s (USAID) Board for International Food and Agricultural Development (BIFAD). We would like to congratulate Marty on his many successful years as a mentor and bea-con of the community. An accomplished entre-preneur and public servant, Marty has served as a voice for people around the world. His strong leadership is demonstrated in a variety of selfless accomplishments. He has been a major supporter of charitable organizations that include Halo House Foundation, Human Rights Watch and the World Affairs Council. Marty is a lifetime member of the NAACP, a National Advisory Board Member of the Tahirih Justice Center, a committee member of the Bush-Clinton Ike Coastal Recovery Fund, and former Chairman for the Haitian Reconstruction Task Force, and the BIFAD Budget Committee. In 2011, he was honored to be appointed by President Barack Obama to travel worldwide as a Director of the United States Agency for International Development’s Board for Inter-national Food and Agricultural Development (BIFAD). Marty’s work at USAID is a perfect example of Mr. McVey’s life as a problem solver in which he seeks to provide solutions to conflict. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21AP8.004 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE563 April 21, 2016 
Over the years, Marty has lent his voice and leadership to the many issues concerning the community of Houston, Texas. He actively promoted the economic development and sus-tainability of the City of Houston, and served as an Executive Committee Member and former Chair of the Political Engagement Committee of the Greater Houston Partner-ship. Today we pay tribute to Marty McVey, a public servant, entrepreneur, humanitarian, and friend. Congratulations to Marty McVey for his many years of service to the citizens of Hous-ton, Texas and women, children, and small businesses throughout the world. 
f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE SCIENTISTS AND TECH-NOLOGISTS—GABRIEL AGU 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Gabriel Agu from Richmond, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Scientists and Technologists to rep-resent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Science and Technology leaders. Gabriel attends Strake Jesuit College Prep School and is one of 13 high school honor students selected from the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas. These stu-dents were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. This program was designed for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school, as well as to support their as-pirations of working in a science or technology field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Con-gress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 29th through July 1st. Gabriel was se-lected by a group of educators to be a dele-gate for the Congress thanks to his dedication to his academic success and goals of pur-suing science or technology. We are proud of Gabriel and all of his hard work, and know he will make Richmond proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Gabriel for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Scientists and Tech-nologists. Keep up the great work. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL FLETCHER 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Michael Fletcher. Michael is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 412, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Michael has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Michael has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Mi-chael led his troop as Den Chief and as the Patrol Leader. Michael also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Michael collected donated materials from area businesses and led a team to construct 25 dog beds that were donated to three local ani-mal shelters in Smithville, Liberty and Excel-sior Springs, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Michael Fletcher for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. f 
TRIBUTE TO KEVIN LIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kevin Lin of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being selected to receive the 2016 Horatio Alger Association National Scholarship. Kevin Lin is a student at Abraham Lincoln High School in Council Bluffs, Iowa. Kevin and other selected students for the scholarship earned a point grade average of 5.76 with an outstanding ACT score. Kevin will receive a scholarship that will help him benefit from a variety of resources such as college preparation, counseling, and mentoring pro-grams. Sarah Steinmetz, the Talented and Gifted Strategist at Abraham Lincoln High School said, ‘‘Kevin is an exceptional young man who is a leader and works extremely hard. His resume is incredible for a 16-year- old.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Kevin on his recognition from the Horatio Alger Foundation. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Kevin Lin and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS DAVIS-SEAMON POST 812 OF EL PASO, TEXAS 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Veterans of Foreign Wars Davis-Seamon Post 812 as an excep-tional veteran service organization in my dis-trict of El Paso, Texas. Post 812 is named in honor of First Lieutenant Hart Davis and First Lieutenant Alexander Rives Seamon, both of whom were killed while serving our country during World War I. The Davis-Seamon Post was founded in 1921 and is the largest Vet-erans Service Organization in El Paso, with 835 members dedicated to serving veterans, active duty service members, reservists, their families as well as others in the El Paso com-munity. As part of its commitment to serving El Paso veterans after they have transitioned out of the military, the Davis-Seamon Post enlists the help of a service officer that advises vet-erans on their eligibility for VA benefits. This relationship ensures that our community’s vet-erans receive updates on changes within the VA as well as timely access to the benefits they have earned and deserve. Members of the Post have also organized numerous wel-come back and farewell dinners for soldiers and their families, feeding more than 140,000 people since 2001. The Davis-Seamon Post has also taken great pride in preparing and serving Thanksgiving Day meals for service members and their families returning home from Afghanistan. In the spirit of helping others and creating a community of inclusivity within El Paso, the Davis-Seamon Post regularly donates its space to other local veteran service organiza-tions and has partnered with different commu-nity groups to address the issue of veteran homelessness in El Paso. The Davis-Seamon Post also furthers its ties to the community by encouraging its membership to invite guests to its events so they may become familiar with its mission and service to veterans and members of the military. I am proud to know that a veterans service organization like the VFW Davis-Seamon Post 812 exists in El Paso. Their support and care for our veterans is longstanding and their ef-forts will help in continuing to make El Paso and our region a better place to live. f 
HONORING FRANK GUSTAV REINSCH 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Frank Gustav Reinsch. Frank is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 247, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Frank has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Frank has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Frank led his troop as the Senior Patrol Leader, earned the rank of Warrior in the Tribe of Mic- O-Say, and become a Brotherhood member of the Order of the Arrow. Frank has also con-tributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Frank installed a flag pole and laid a textured patio around the pole at Platte Ridge Park, north of Platte City, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Frank Gustav Reinsch for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.004 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE564 April 21, 2016 
HONORING BERINGER VINEYARDS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Beringer Vineyards, which today celebrates its first annual Found-ers Day ceremony, commemorating the vine-yard’s founding in 1876 and 140 years of con-tinuous operation. The success of Beringer is of particular importance to me, as I worked as a maintenance supervisor at Beringer after re-turning from serving in Vietnam. Since the winery began operations in 1876 under founders Frederick and Jacob Beringer, it has not missed a harvest or wine vintage, making Beringer California’s longest contin-ually operating winery. In another contribution to the history of St. Helena, the founding brothers planted the now-famous tunnel of elm trees along Main Street shortly after Beringer Vineyard’s founding. Beringer Vineyards be-came the first California winery to offer visitors tours in 1934 after the repeal of Prohibition, contributing to the influx of visitors to Napa Valley. The winery was named a State Histor-ical Landmark in 1967, and the Rhine House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. During its long history, Beringer has earned numerous accolades among wine profes-sionals. It is the only winery to win the ‘Wine of the Year’ from Wine Spectator for both a red and a white wine, the 1986 Private Re-serve Cabernet Sauvignon and the 1994 Pri-vate Reserve Chardonnay. Indeed, Beringer has had more placements on the Wine Spec-tator’s Top 100 list than any other winery in the world. In a further testament to the winery’s longevity and quality, from 1988 to March 2016, Beringer earned 450 90 plus scores in premiere wine scoring publications. Mr. Speaker, Beringer Vineyards has been a resolute leader of the California wine indus-try for 140 years. It is truly a Napa Valley insti-tution, and its success has brought acclaim to Napa Valley growers and winemakers. There-fore, it is fitting and proper that we honor Beringer Vineyards here today. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY M CDERMOTT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Emily McDermott of Atlantic, Iowa, for receiving the coveted Iowa Future Farmers of America De-gree. The prestigious award is the highest award presented by the Iowa FFA Association. Emily is a member of the Atlantic FFA Chap-ter. Emily said that winning this award is a great achievement because her father also won the award. She said, ‘‘I did something that my Dad did. I lived up to it.’’ Emily said one of the things she enjoys most about being a member of the local FFA Chapter is the people she meets. They are so ‘‘enthusiastic and just fun to be around.’’ Emily plans to pursue a career in agriculture. She has been an active mem-ber in the Atlantic FFA Chapter, exhibited live-stock, and participated in numerous activities and contests as a member of her local FFA Chapter. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Emily for earning this award. She is a shining example of how hard work, determination, and dedication can help you reach your goals. It is with great pride that I recognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring her accomplishments and in wishing her noth-ing but continued success in her future en-deavors in agriculture. f 
MONTH OF THE MILITARY CHILD 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, brave Americans from every walk of life have demonstrated their courage and commitment to freedom by serving in the Armed Forces of the United States of America. Many of those military per-sonnel are parents whose children make sig-nificant sacrifices, too. The average child in a military family will move six to nine times dur-ing a school career, three times more fre-quently than non-military families. During deployments, military children face separation and loss, and they face the joys and the challenges of reunification when de-ployments end. If a parent suffers an injury, the military child must also adapt to the new reality of that parent’s limitations. Some mili-tary-connected children end up in the foster care system, bringing with them particular needs and circumstances. And if a parent is killed, the child’s life is changed forever. In recognition of this, April has been des-ignated as the Month of the Military Child. Ac-cording to the Department of Defense, 1.88 million children have parents in the active duty or reserve branches of the military, and many more children have parents who are veterans. Los Angeles is home to the highest population of military veterans in California. On Sunday, April 17, Los Angeles Veterans Collaborative—Families & Children Working Group will hold their 3rd annual celebration of this occasion at the Los Angeles Public Li-brary. Organized under the auspices of the USC Center for Innovation and Research on Veterans and Military Families in my district, their work offers an opportunity for us to ap-plaud these children’s strength and resilience, and to honor their unique contributions and sacrifices. I salute military children and all of the par-ents, family members, friends, professionals and organizations who support them. 
f 
HONORING BRETT CHRISTIAN MASON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Brett Christian Mason. Brett is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 247, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Brett has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Brett has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Brett has earned the rank of Firebuilder in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say and become a Ordeal member of the Order of the Arrow. Brett has also con-tributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Brett constructed two benches for a sitting area in the foyer at Gracemor Christian Church in Kansas City, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Brett Christian Mason for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS—ARYAN SINGH 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Aryan Singh from Katy, TX for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. Aryan is one of eight high school honor stu-dents selected from the Twenty-Second Con-gressional District of Texas. These students were selected as Texas delegates at the Con-gress of Future Medical Leaders, a program for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school and supported to continually strive toward their aspirations of working in the medical field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Congress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Mas-sachusetts, Lowell from June 25th through the 27th. Aryan was selected by a group of edu-cators to be a delegate for the Congress be-cause of his dedication to his academic suc-cess and goals of pursuing a medical science. We are proud of Aryan and all of his hard work, and know he will make Katy proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Aryan for being accepted into the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Keep up the great work. 
f 
THE POSITIVE ASPECTS OF THE U.S.-MEXICO AND U.S.-CANADA BORDER 
HON. RUBE´N HINOJOSA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about a topic very near and dear to my heart: My home of Deep South Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.008 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE565 April 21, 2016 
I was born and raised in the Rio Grande Valley, a region situated along the U.S.-Mex-ico border in the southernmost tip of Texas, which encompasses Willacy, Cameron, Hi-dalgo and Starr Counties. Rich in history and culture and built on enduring family bonds. The Rio Grande Valley is home to more than 1.3 million residents. For nearly twenty years, I have had the honor and privilege of representing the fif-teenth congressional district of Texas, a dy-namic and unique district that stretches from Guadalupe County, southeast from San Anto-nio all the way down to Deep South Texas along the border with Mexico. I feel extremely fortunate to call a border community my home. As the proud son of Ed- Couch, Texas, I am surprised by news reports that depict the border as violent and ‘‘in cri-sis.’’ Unlike the fear mongers who wish to scapegoat all our problems on immigrants, when I talk about the border, I know what I am talking about. First, our border communities are some of the safest in our nation, providing great quality of life with the low crime rates. In fact, state and federal crime data show that border cities are safer than many larger U.S. cities, with violent crime rates remaining the same or dropping in the last five years. Moreover, the idea that undocumented im-migrants are more likely to commit crimes is simply false. A Texas Tribune analysis of in-carceration and immigration records found there is little evidence that undocumented im-migrants commit crime at higher rates than the general population and they appear to be underrepresented in Texas prisons. As a mat-ter of fact, the U.S.-Mexico border has never been more secure in the history of the United States. In the past ten years, border security funding has tripled and we have doubled the size of the Border Patrol from about 10,000 agents to approximately 20,000 today. Second, our border is not being overrun. We are seeing record low apprehensions at our southern border. Today, a majority of those apprehensions are immigrants from Central America who fear violence in their home countries and their only hope is to seek refuge in the United States. Our great nation is made up of immigrants, many of whom landed on our shores tired, poor and in huddled-masses, yearning to be free. We should not close our borders and turn back on them now. That is not who we are. This brings to mind a quote from the first Mexican-American federal district Judge Reynaldo Garza who was appointed by Presi-dent Kennedy in 1961 and sat on the bench in Brownsville, Texas in the Rio Grande Val-ley. When swearing in new citizens, Judge Garza used to say: ‘‘I do not worry that people want to come to the United States, I would worry if people did not want to come because then it would mean we would no longer be the country of freedom and opportunity that we are.’’ As a son of immigrants and as former chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, I am proud to represent my district along the U.S.- Mexico border with a large population of immi-grants, who contribute to the vibrancy of our national economy, job growth and rich culture. Indeed, the stories of our immigrant neigh-bors, friends, and colleagues are very real, en-riching the overall narrative of what it means to be an American. They are Americans and part of our national fabric. I invite all my fellow Americans to come down to the U.S.-Mexico border region to ex-perience firsthand the rich culture and wonder-ful people who make up our border commu-nities and my home of Deep South Texas. 
f 
HONORING CLAYTON BRESHEARS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Clayton Breshears. Clayton is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an ac-tive part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 376, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Clayton has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Clayton has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Clay-ton led his troop as the Assistant Senior Patrol Leader, earned the rank of Warrior in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say, and become a Brother-hood member of the Order of the Arrow. Clay-ton has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Clayton paint-ed a precise outline of the United States on the Lewis and Clark Elementary School play-ground in Liberty, Missouri, giving teachers at the school another tool to teach their students basic geography. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Clayton Breshears for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
CELEBRATING LILLIE RUTH BAR-LOW LINDSEY ON HER 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Lillie Ruth Barlow Lindsey. She will be celebrating her 80th Birthday on May 26, 2016. Lillie was born in Bay Springs, Mississippi on May 26, 1936. At age 10, Lillie’s family moved to Laurel, Mississippi, where she re-mained until she married A.C. Lindsey in Au-gust of 1951. After they married, A.C. and Lil-lie moved to Kansas City, Missouri. They re-mained in Kansas City until 2006, when they moved to Wentzville, Missouri. A.C. and Lillie had eight children. From those eight children, they have 30 grandchildren and 32 great- grandchildren. Lillie and A.C. were married for 63 years, until A.C.’s passing on January 14, 2014. In her retirement, Lillie focused on car-ing for her husband, A.C., throughout his bat-tle with Alzheimer’s disease. Lillie has always been a dedicated wife and mother. When her last child began junior high school, Lillie began working at Halls in Kansas City, Missouri where she worked until her retirement. Lillie enjoys sewing and has been an active mem-ber of her church throughout her life, during her time in Kansas City and currently in Wentzville, Missouri. I ask you to join me in celebrating Lillie Ruth Barlow Lindsey on her 80th Birthday. f 
IN HONOR OF GEORGE TANIMURA 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay my respects to a great American, George Tanimura, who passed away on April 15, three months short of his 101st birthday. I offer my deepest condolences to George’s wife of 72 years, Masaye, and to George’s close-knit family: his son Glenn and his daughter Leslie, and their spouses; his grandchildren Chris, Erin, Ryan and Kelly and their spouses, and to his great grandchildren Makenzie, Jaklyn, and Karter, and to his siblings. George lived a remarkable life that spanned the Great Depression, WWII, and the rise of the modern information economy. In that time, George confronted prejudice, helped to rebuild a dislocated Japanese-American community in the Salinas Valley, nurtured a large extended family, and fostered the development of the modern fresh produce industry. George was a farmer’s farmer. As one of the founders of the Tanimura & Antle, he helped build one of the nation’s largest private lettuce producers. So while you may have never heard of George Tanimura, I can guarantee that every Member of this House has eaten something that George and his family have grown. He has planted and nurtured a legacy that will produce a crop for generations to come. George was born in San Juan Bautista on July 2, 1915. His parents had emigrated from Japan to build a better life in the United States. While attending grammar school in Castroville, George thinned iceberg lettuce on his father’s small farm. After his mother died, George, the eldest of 12 siblings, had to leave high school to farm with his father. Then when George was just 16, his father died leaving George with the responsibility for the family and their farm. In the midst of the depression, George became the patriarch of his large fam-ily. Under his leadership, the Tanimura chil-dren began their own prosperous farming op-erations. However, just as they were recovering, the U.S. entry into WWII turned the Tanimuras’ lives upside down. In 1942, they found them-selves imprisoned by our government along with other Americans of Japanese descent in remote internment camps across the desert West. And even though the Tanimuras lost ev-erything, two of his brothers fought with the U.S. Army in Europe. For George, his time in the camp offered him another opportunity to find fortune in the midst of adversity. He met Masaye Yamauchi and they were married on September 21, 1944. When George, Masaye, and their family re-turned to the Salinas Valley, they resumed let-tuce farming. In the late 1950s, the Tanimuras began to grow exclusively for Bud Antle, an-other legendary Salinas Valley grower. Bud, and his son Bob, had been working closely with the Tanimura family for many years. Fi-nally, in 1982, George and Bob combined over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.012 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE566 April 21, 2016 
30 years of mutual friendship, respect, and ex-perience to create Tanimura & Antle. The new company combined the Antle’s shipping and marketing savvy with the Tanimura’s growing expertise. That combination has helped T&A grow into one of the world’s premier fresh produce companies. And it forms the basis of T&A’s continued success. Throughout his life, George was extremely active in countless community efforts, giving his leadership, commitment and wealth to making the Salinas Valley a better place for all farm families to live. Even though he was a living legend in the farming community and widely respected by all who knew him, it was his deep sense of humility that kept him from claiming any recognition other than his simple refrain, ‘‘it doesn’t matter, I’m just a farmer.’’ While George Tanimura thought of himself as a humble farmer, his hard work and integ-rity created one of the pillars of the American agricultural economy. The Budda said, ‘‘in the end only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gratefully you let go of things not meant for you.’’ In the end, George Tanimura will be remembered for his love for his family, how he lived his life and his willingness to encourage and support oth-ers in the fresh produce industry. It is a legacy for all of us to remember in these turbulent times. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE NATIONAL COLLEGIATE HONORS COUNCIL 
HON. HAKEEM S. JEFFRIES 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the 50th anniversary of the Na-tional Collegiate Honors Council and their commitment to collegiate honors education. Since their inception, the National Collegiate Honors Council has been dedicated to excel-lence in education in diverse subject and cur-riculum areas. They serve over 800 colleges and universities and over 325,000 students across the country. I also want to recognize the Kingsborough Community College, in Southern Brooklyn, for their outstanding dedication to academic en-richment and achievement. Kingsborough Community College serves about 14,000 full and part-time students each year in a wide array of liberal arts and career education courses. Kingsborough Community College provides its students with a high level of edu-cation through its associate degree programs that prepare students to transfer to senior col-leges or enter directly into a professional ca-reer. Kingsborough Community College offers qualifying students the opportunity to chal-lenge themselves in the Honors Program with rigorous coursework, the ability to study with other gifted students and benefit from in-creased contact with top faculty. Characterized by smaller classes, individual research projects, internships, study-travel op-portunities and community service, Kingsborough Community College Honors pro-gram enhances their students’ global aware-ness and cultivates America’s future leaders. Having produced notable alumni that include Sid Rosenberg, the accomplished sports radio personality, Jeff Koinange, Emmy award win-ning journalist and Andrew Weyman, Director of shows such as the Big Bang Theory and The King of Queens, Kingsborough Commu-nity College continues to educate the global leaders of tomorrow. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF PARK RANGERS AT YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the state and federal park rangers who have served Yosemite National Park over the last 150 years. Specifically, I rise to honor Mr. Galen Clark, the first appointed ‘‘guardian’’ (park ranger) of Yosemite in 1866. As the first ranger, Mr. Clark served 22 years while dedicating his life to protect and administer the nation’s first great outdoors nat-ural park at Yosemite. Since then, the park has served over 185 million visitors. Set aside by President Abraham Lincoln in 1864 with the express intent ‘‘to be held for public use, resort, and recreation for all time,’’ the Yosemite Valley is a national treasure that belongs to the American people in perpetuity. President Lincoln made this land available to the public by understanding and respecting the government’s role ‘‘of the people, by the people, and for the people,’’ describing the philosophy behind the dedication of Yosemite. Today, the National Park Service admin-isters more than 400 national parks throughout the United States by partnering with commu-nities to preserve historical landmarks and cre-ate outdoor recreational places. The California Department of Parks and Recreation manages 280 parks, preserving some of the finest resources found in Cali-fornia. Ranger Clark served honorably as Yosem-ite’s first park ranger, creating a prestigious fraternal order for those who have followed in his footsteps, embodying Thomas Jefferson’s words: ‘‘When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself as public prop-erty.’’ Recognition of Mr. Clark’s appointment as the first park ranger is a momentous event, of-fering an opportunity to reflect, highlight, and honor the history and contribution of park staff over the last 150 years. Mr. Speaker, Ranger Clark and all other park rangers who have committed their lives to the preservation of Yosemite National Park as a place of ‘‘public use, resort, and recre-ation for all time’’ deserve to be remembered for their service and dedication for ensuring public access and enjoyment of this extraor-dinary national treasure. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HONOR FLIGHT SYRACUSE 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Honor Flight Syracuse. Honor Flight Syracuse is a private, not-for-profit organiza-tion and is one of more than 130 regional hubs of the National Honor Flight Network. Honor Flight Syracuse became an official hub in the Honor Flight Network in May of 2012. Honor Flight Syracuse’s mission is to honor America’s veterans by transporting them to Washington, D.C. to visit the national memo-rials dedicated to their service and sacrifice. The goal of Honor Flight Syracuse is to help every single war veteran in the greater Syra-cuse area, willing and capable, to obtain a flight to visit their memorial at no cost to them. Since May of 2012, Honor Flight Syracuse has completed six missions to Washington, D.C., with a seventh mission scheduled for this month. Honor Flight Syracuse gives top priority to America’s most senior-citizen he-roes—veterans of World War II and any war veteran with a terminal illness. Thanks to Honor Flight Syracuse’s dedi-cated leadership team, board members and volunteers, hundreds of Veterans from the greater Syracuse area, Northern New York State, and the Mohawk Valley have been able to travel to Washington, D.C. and visit the me-morials that honor their service and sacrifice. I am honored to recognize such an incred-ible organization dedicated to helping veterans in our community. I want to pay tribute to all who have made Honor Flight Syracuse such a remarkable program and to thank all of the veterans who have participated in Honor Flight Syracuse for their sacrifice and dedication to our country. f 
CONGRATULATING KATHRYN SZYMANSKI ON HER RETIRE-MENT FROM THE ROCK ISLAND ARSENAL 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kathryn Szymanski, who is retiring from the Rock Island Arsenal on April 28th. Currently, she serves as Chief Counsel for the U.S. Army Sustainment Command and the Joint Munitions Command. For decades, Ms. Szymanski has served honorably in different levels of government and public service. Ms. Szymanski began her career in public service at the U.S. Army Tank-automotive and Armaments Command, where she was a pro-curement attorney, general law attorney, and procurement fraud advisor. Later in her career at the U.S. Army Materiel Command Head-quarters, she served as counsel and contin-ued to protect our armed forces from fraud. Before coming to the Rock Island Arsenal, Ms. Szymanski served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Infrastructure Anal-ysis at the Army Headquarters in Washington D.C. Ms. Szymanski also has a demonstrated history of going above and beyond her daily responsibilities. Earlier this year, she was named the U.S. Army Sustainment Command 2015 Equal Employment Opportunity Cham-pion of the Year for her commitment to pro-moting equality, inclusion, and access for women and minorities. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ms. Szymanski for her commitment not only to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21AP8.011 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE567 April 21, 2016 
public service, but also for working to open doors for women, for minorities, and for those who may be underserved or underrep-resented. I congratulate her again on her well-earned retirement and wish her luck in her future en-deavors. 
f 
EXCELLENCE IN BUSINESS IN MINNESOTA’S SIXTH 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the four businesses that received MetroNorth Chamber’s 2015 Ex-cellence in Business Awards last month. Stepping Stone’s Emergency Housing in Anoka received the not-for-profit award, Es-sentially Massage in Blaine received the 2015 micro-business of the year award, Schaaf Flo-ral in Fridley received the small business award, and Walters Recycling and Refuse in Blaine received the general business award. Opening and running a business is not an easy task, but it is definitely a worthwhile ven-ture. One of the reasons Minnesota is so in-credible is because of these types of award winning businesses. Not only do they bring commerce, jobs, and a great product or serv-ice to their area; but they also add a unique touch to the community. I thank each and every one of the owners of these businesses for everything they con-tribute to our community, and I wish them nothing but success in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE CITY OF SCRANTON 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City of Scranton, which will celebrate its 150th anniversary on April 23, 2016. Scranton has a long history of signifi-cant contributions to the economic, civic, and social development of our nation. The city was the center of America’s anthracite coal indus-try, a major transport hub during the golden era of railroads, and home to the first electric streetcar. In 1778, Isaac Tripp settled the village of Slocum Hollow in the Lackawanna Valley. With the founding of the Lackawanna Steel Company by Seldon and George Scranton in the 1840s, the small agrarian community rap-idly transformed into a multicultural, industrial center responsible for producing T-rails, which were used to construct railroads all across the country. In February 1856, Scranton was offi-cially established as a borough. On April 23, 1866, Scranton was incorporated as a city of 35,000 people and was merged with the neighboring communities of Hyde Park and Providence. When Lackawanna County was formed in 1878, Scranton was named as the county seat. Today, Scranton is one of the largest metro-politan areas in the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania, with more than 75,000 citizens resid-ing in the ‘‘Electric City.’’ Many of the city’s at-tractions, such as the Steamtown National Historic Site, Everhart Museum, and the Lackawanna Coal Mine Tour, commemorate Scranton’s history as an industrial and cultural center. Scranton is home to a thriving, wel-coming, diverse community committed to cele-brating the ethnic heritage on which the city was built. It hosts one of the nation’s largest St. Patrick’s Day parades and La Festa Italiana. A hub for higher education, Scranton is also home to five colleges and universities: Marywood University, The University of Scran-ton, The Commonwealth Medical College, Lackawanna College, and Johnson College. It is an honor to recognize Scranton on its sesquicentennial celebration. I am proud to represent a city so rich in history with so bright a future. May the citizens of Scranton honor their past with pride and look forward with confidence to great things as they celebrate the city’s 150th anniversary. f 
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE SCIENTISTS AND TECH-NOLOGISTS—CHANDLER GARRI-SON 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Chandler Garrison from Pearland, TX for being accepted into the National Acad-emy of Future Scientists and Technologists to represent the state of Texas at the Congress of Future Science and Technology leaders. Chandler attends Glenda Dawson High School and is one of 13 high school honor students selected from the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas. These stu-dents were selected as Texas delegates at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. This program was designed for high school students to be recognized for their hard work in school, as well as to support their as-pirations of working in a science or technology field. The National Academy was founded by Richard Rossi and Dr. Robert Darling; Mr. Rossi currently serves as president. The Con-gress is being held at the Tsongas Center at the University of Massachusetts, Lowell from June 29th through July 1st. Chandler was se-lected by a group of educators to be a dele-gate for the Congress thanks to her dedication to her academic success and goals of pur-suing science or technology. We are proud of Chandler and all of her hard work, and know she will make Pearland proud. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Chandler for being accepted into the Na-tional Academy of Future Scientists and Tech-nologists. Keep up the great work. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FREEPORT HIGH SCHOOL PRETZELS 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Freeport High School in Freeport, Il-linois, for their unique and historic mascot known as the ‘‘Pretzels.’’ Freeport has been known as ‘‘The Pretzel City’’ for over a hundred years, and Freeport High School’s mascot helps reflect this tradi-tion. The city’s namesake serves as a re-minder of its unique cultural heritage, in which early German immigrants brought over their love of pretzels to establish bakeries that helped introduce this staple into the United States. As the mother of three sons who were educated by our public schools, I am proud of the students of Freeport High School for their school spirit and continued enthusiasm in pro-moting this iconic mascot. Mr. Speaker, I want to again recognize the Freeport ‘‘Pretzels’’ for the important role their mascot has played in defining this region over the years. f 
RECOGNIZING AND CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF BEACH CITY 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and celebrate the 50th anniversary of Beach City, in Chambers County, Texas. Located between Trinity Bay and San Jacinto River, Beach City sits about eight miles southeast of Baytown, in western Cham-bers County. Through the 1800s this area was host to a number of bayside settlements and camps, and many scenes from the struggle for Texas independence. In March 1836, following the fall of the Alamo and massacre at Goliad, Gen. Sam Houston ordered a retreat known as The Run-away Scrape. On the way to join up with the fleeing Texian Army, the famed Twin Sisters cannons passed through present-day Beach City, just in time to provide Gen. Houston with the firepower necessary to defeat the Mexican Army, and secure Texas’ independence at the Battle of San Jacinto. By the 1960s, facing possible annexation by nearby Baytown, Beach City residents over-whelmingly voted to incorporate. On April 11, 1966, Beach City’s nearly 500 permanent resi-dents officially incorporated. Newly estab-lished, Beach City had its first election on May 21, 1966, where the people chose Eloice Jor-dan to serve as their first mayor. Billy Combs currently serves as the 11th mayor of Beach City, a position he has held since 2010. It is my distinct honor to recognize and cele-brate the 50th anniversary of Beach City. May God bless Beach City even more richly in these next 50 years. 
f 
H.R. 4482, THE ‘‘SOUTHWEST BOR-DER SECURITY THREAT ASSESS-MENT ACT OF 2016’’ 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I submit the fol-lowing cost estimate from the Congressional Budget Office regarding H.R. 4482. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21AP8.015 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE568 April 21, 2016 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , U.S. C
ONGRESS , Washington, DC, April 20, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 4482, the Southwest Border Security Threat Assessment Act of 2016. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL. Enclosure. H.R. 4482—Southwest Border Security Threat Assessment Act of 2016 H.R. 4482 would require the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to conduct an analysis of potential threats and security gaps along the southwest border of the United States. The bill also would require DHS, not later than June 30, 2017, to issue a strategic plan to protect U.S. borders. Based on information from DHS, CBO estimates that conducting analysis and preparing the strategic plan as required by H.R. 4482 would cost about $1 million in 2017; such spending would be subject to the availability of appro-priated funds. Because enacting the legisla-tion would not affect direct spending or reve-nues, pay-as-you-go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 4482 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2027. H.R. 4482 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state, local, or trib-al governments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Grabowicz. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. f 
CONGRATULATING THE WHITESIDE COUNTY AIRPORT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Whiteside County Airport in Rock Falls, IL, which has been recognized as the ‘‘2016 Illinois General Aviation Airport of the Year’’ by the Illinois Department of Trans-portation, Division of Aeronautics. This award recognizes the Whiteside Coun-ty Airport for excellence based on a variety of criteria, including their service to the local community, safety record, and coordination with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). The airport and its staff have hosted numer-ous community events in recent years, includ-ing Boy Scout Camporees and several ‘‘Last Time’’ celebrations for historic aircraft. I ap-plaud the efforts of Airport Manager Michael Dowell, along with the entire staff, for their commitment to excellence for the airport and its facilities. Mr. Speaker, I again want to congratulate the Whiteside County Airport and its staff for this remarkable achievement and I thank them for their service to our community. WE ARE PROUD OF OUR EDUCATORS HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate three educators from Minnesota’s Sixth District who have been se-lected as finalists in the 2016 Teacher of the Year Program for our great state. There are currently eleven finalists that have been cho-sen from the 115 original Teacher of the Year candidates. The finalists are Julie Beaver, a math teach-er at Zimmerman Middle/High School, Joe Lawrence, a language arts teacher at Delano High School, and Erin Rehnblom, a teacher at Otsego Elementary School. A good teacher opens doors, inspires curi-osity and positively affects a child’s life for-ever. They provide students with all tools nec-essary for them to reach the highest levels of success. That is why I am so grateful that there are awards like Minnesota Teacher of the Year, which guarantees that these individ-uals hard work does not go unnoticed. Our children are this nation’s future, and I thank Julie, Joe, and Erin for helping to en-sure a bright one. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS AND PUB-LIC DEFENDER SERVICE VOL-UNTARY SEPARATION INCEN-TIVE PAYMENTS ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Courts and Pub-lic Defender Service Voluntary Separation In-centive Payments Act. The bill would make a minor change to the authorities of the District of Columbia Courts (D.C. Courts) and the Public Defender Service for the District of Co-lumbia (PDS), placing these entities in the same position as their federal counterparts for more effective management and operation. The bill would give the D.C. Courts and PDS the same authority federal agencies and federal courts already have to offer voluntary separation incentive payments, or buyouts, to their employees. The fiscal year 2016 omnibus bill already gives D.C. Courts buyout author-ity—but my bill would make this authorization permanent, and would extend it to PDS in ad-dition to the courts. Buyouts would allow the D.C. Courts and PDS to respond to their fu-ture administrative and budget needs, and would provide the flexibility to extend buyout offers to their employees. The U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) has determined that voluntary separa-tion incentive payments may be made only where statutorily authorized. While federal agencies and federal courts have the statutory authority to offer buyouts, PDS and the D.C. Courts have not been expressly permitted to permanently provide them to their employees. PDS and the D.C. Courts seek the same buyout authority in order to manage their workforce as budget conditions and needs change. I urge my colleagues to support this impor-tant legislation. f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB MYERS AND PILLAR TECHNOLOGY GROUP 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Bob Myers, CEO of Pillar Technology Group for its innovative vision while creating Des Moines, Iowa’s newest technology office space, aptly called ‘‘The Forge’’. The Ohio-based tech-nology firm works with large companies to de-velop unique software for autonomous vehi-cles and ‘‘The Internet of Things.’’ Pillar Technology Group prides itself for being in direct competition to many of Califor-nia’s Silicon Valley firms, stating that Des Moines, Iowa lends itself to a venue which ‘‘constantly pushes us.’’ Pillar Technology Group has other ‘‘Forge’’ locations in Michigan and Ohio. Des Moines was selected, said CEO Myers, because it is close to several uni-versities, has a good talent pool and is in-creasingly innovative. Calling Des Moines, Iowa ‘‘the Silicon Prairie,’’ Myers revealed they have hired at least 30 employees in Iowa to join their current staff of 200 nationwide. Bouyed by a loan from the Iowa Economic Development Authority Board in 2015, Pillar Technology Group established its foothold in central Iowa. Myers explained that ‘‘The Forge’’ is a philosophy, not a place. Upon en-tering their doors, said Myers, there is an aura of ‘‘no constraints.’’ Nothing is impossible. That’s the Iowa way. With hard work, deter-mination, innovation and an open mind, any-thing can be accomplished. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Pil-lar Technology Group and CEO Bob Myers for locating its innovative vision in Iowa. I am proud to represent the Pillar Technology Group and its employees in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating the firm and wishing Pil-lar Technology Group’s ‘‘The Forge’’ nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KEN CHRISTY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Ken Christy, who was tragically taken from us on March 26, 2016. Ken was a dear friend and will be greatly missed by all those in the Aurora community who were touched by his years of service as a union and community leader. Mr. Christy was the local Aurora Township Clerk and served as President of the Illinois State Association of Letter Carriers for 25 years. As a letter carrier himself, Ken under-stood the challenges his union members faced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.017 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE569 April 21, 2016 
and sought to be a voice for the men and women of the U.S. Postal Service. Ken was elected to the Illinois Hall of Fame for Letter Carriers in 2012 and was a recipient of the Kane County Democrat Harry S. Tru-man Award. His engagement with his commu-nity is one to be honored and admired. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for Ken Christy’s tireless efforts fighting for middle class work-ers and my thoughts and prayers are with his friends and family. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JACOB GANN 
HON. BARRY LOUDERMILK 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize Mr. Jacob Gann, a senior at Cherokee High School, in Georgia’s 11th District, for his efforts to understand the legislative process, and for his interest in issues that affect the American people. He crafted his very own bill—to clarify and im-prove our immigration process. Young people who are devoted to understanding the issues are our nation’s future leaders. I would like to recognize Jacob for his hard work and perseverance over the last year to learn about our government’s bill-making proc-ess. Immigration reform is one of the battles of our time, and Jacob’s diligence to understand the issue and the process will serve him well wherever he goes. Congratulations, Jacob. 
f 
HONORING BUENO FOODS 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowl-edge the 65th anniversary of Bueno Foods, a local company that has become synonymous with our traditional and cherished New Mexi-can dishes. In 1946, several brothers from the Baca family returned from serving in World War II and they scraped together enough money to buy a small neighborhood grocery store called the Ace Food Store. The small business was successful, until the larger chain grocery stores moved into the area. The Baca brothers wanted to compete and knew they must find innovative ways to keep the business profit-able. They added a carry-out component using their mother’s delicious home cooked New Mexican food and began manufacturing corn and flour tortillas on a pie crust roller and making tamales and posole for sale. Then they had an idea. Everyone was getting a freezer and Birds Eye frozen vegetables were very popular. They decided to roast green chile over an open flame in the early fall and freeze it so that people could have chile year- round. There was no equipment to flame-roast green chile on a commercial scale, and the brothers had to design and build equipment, and implement the process for large scale pro-duction. Bueno Foods was founded in 1951. For over 65 years, Bueno Foods has grown from a small neighborhood grocery store into one of the Southwest’s premier producers of New Mexican and Mexican foods, serving res-taurants and retail customers throughout the United States. It is still owned and operated by the Baca family, with Jacqueline ‘‘Jackie’’ Baca serving as President since 1986. Bueno Foods symbolizes the spirit and de-termination of true entrepreneurs who turned their idea into a thriving business that pre-serves and promotes our heritage. I would like to congratulate the Baca family and their em-ployees for 65 years of supplying quality prod-ucts, providing excellent customer service and creating opportunities to give back to the com-munity. f 
THE VISIT OF ZAMBIAN VICE PRESIDENT INONGE WINA 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege and honor to welcome the Vice President of the Republic of Zambia, the Honorable Inonge Mutukwa Wina, to my Los Angeles district for a visit. Vice President Wina is the highest ranking woman in Zambian government his-tory, and she brings a delegation of officials to the U.S. with the assistance of Robert Sichinga, Jr., Honorary Consul for Zambia in Los Angeles. A major purpose of Vice President Wina’s visit is to raise awareness of the tremendous opportunities for economic investment in her home country. Some of the fastest-growing economies in the world are in Africa. In par-ticular, Mrs. Wina comes to promote the Jubi-lee Women’s Integrated Highway Markets Pro-gram as a support for entrepreneurship that will begin to build wealth among rural families. The Jubilee Women’s Integrated Highway Markets Program is a three year program to transform makeshift markets along Zambian highways into thriving economic engines, run cooperatively by the women who make up the majority of businesses found in these loca-tions. It aims to create modern, integrated economic hubs, one in each of Zambia’s ten provinces. The markets would offer not only sturdy structures, plumbing and solar power, but would also offer literacy and skills training, banking and other services, and child care fa-cilities. Women play an essential role in lifting fami-lies out of poverty and promoting a nation’s fortunes. Studies show that investing in wom-en’s businesses correlates closely with better- fed children who stay longer in school, and women tend to reinvest profits in expanding their business, thereby building wealth for the longer term. I wish Vice President Wina and all of those traveling with her a pleasant, rewarding and successful trip, and I look forward to partnering with her in the future. CONGRATULATING DAN BEBBER ON HIS RETIREMENT HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Dan Bebber, a friend of the Rock Island, Illinois community and a dedicated public servant to veterans from all across our state. Dan is a U.S. Navy veteran, retiring from the Illinois Department of Veterans Affairs after more than 22 years of service. As a Vet-erans’ Service Officer, Dan provided support to thousands of veterans seeking compensa-tion from the VA over the course of his career. In addition to his work in the Department, Dan is an active member of the community and has spent much of his time assisting vet-erans in other ways, such as serving as a vol-unteer for VA Stand Downs and our local vet-erans’ resource fair. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Mr. Bebber once again for his outstanding service to our nation and his dedicated service to our veterans and our community. I congratulate him on a well-earned retirement and wish his family nothing but the very best going forward. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUBY AND BRUCE BENTLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ruby and Bruce Bentley of Macedonia, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on March 19, 2016. The Bentleys are known for their commit-ment to their family and community. Their marriage blessed them with five children and many grandchildren. The community of Mac-edonia knows the Bentleys as a close-knit family, living their faith and committed to one another. The entire generation of this union lives within seven miles of each other, calling the Bruce and Ruby homestead, ‘‘Bentley East.’’ This marriage is a union of dedication to a strong work ethic with their cattle-feeding business, recognized as Producers of the Year in 2006 and Cattleman’s Association Brand Wall operation in 2011. But even working with their 2,000 head of cattle for the past 50 years, the Bentleys are dedicated to volunteerism. Bruce is involved in his grandchildren’s school activities, having served on the Carson-Macedonia School Board and active in the Riverside Pride and Booster clubs. Ruby has served on the Pottawattamie County Tourism Committee, Macedonia Development Committee, other civic activities and boards, and was even named Iowan for A Day at the Iowa State Fair. Mr. Speaker, Bruce and Ruby’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21AP8.018 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE570 April 21, 2016 
will join me in congratulating them on this mo-mentous occasion. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,221,832,717,891.35. We’ve added $8,594,955,668,978.27 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING THOMAS ‘‘TOMMY’’ BAKER JR. 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks to honor the life of Thomas ‘‘Tommy’’ Baker Jr., who passed away on April 15, 2016. Tommy was born on October 3, 1956 in Radford, Virginia He graduated from Radford College and the Washington and Lee School of Law. He served as the town attorney in Dublin, Virginia, and ran his own law practice there for many years. Additionally, Tommy served in the General Assembly from 1990 to 2000. Dublin Mayor Benny Skeens, a friend of Tommy’s since both were in high school, told the Roanoke Times, ‘‘[Tommy] had probably one of the brightest minds, as far as municipal law goes, of anyone I’ve known. . . . He taught me so much.’’ Mayor Skeens also said, ‘‘Anything that’s happened in the town of Dublin in the past 20 years, Tommy had his hand in it.’’ I went to law school with Tommy, and also served in the Virginia House of Delegates with him. Tommy’s son Jefferson told the Roanoke Times that his father’s love of Pulaski County and of public service transcended party poli-tics. I would agree. Additionally, Tommy was a fun-loving prac-tical joker, and he kept the entire House enter-tained. As Mayor Skeens said, Tommy ‘‘. . . was one of those people, when he walked in the room, the atmosphere changed. . . . He brightened people up.’’ I am saddened by Tommy’s passing. My thoughts and prayers are with Tommy’s par-ents, his son Jefferson, and the rest of his family. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO OLGA BRUNO DE MUNOZ 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Olga Bruno de Munoz of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the celebration of her 100th birthday on March 21, 2016. Ms. Munoz attended high school in Gua-yama, Puerto Rico and graduated with a sec-retarial degree, later moving on to work for the Puerto Rican government. Ms. Munoz and her late husband, Bartolome M. Munoz, were the parents of two daughters, Olga and Margie, and she has seven grandchildren, six great- children, and two great-great granddaughters. Ms. Munoz enjoys reading and shopping and says her favorite foods are Puerto Rican and Chinese. While living in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Olga was an active volunteer with the Presbyterian Hospital and loved to design dresses for her daughters. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Ms. Munoz’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Ms. Munoz has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twenty-four Governors of Iowa. In her life-time, the population of the United States has more than tripled. I am honored and pleased to congratulate Olga Bruno de Munoz on her 100th birthday. I urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Ms. Munoz on reaching this incredible mile-stone, and I wish her even more health and happiness in the years to come. f 
CELEBRATING AMBER ECKSTEIN 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to praise Amber Eckstein, who has been selected as the 2015–2016 ACT College and Career Readiness Campaign state exem-plar in Minnesota. In order to receive this prestigious honor, an individual must prove their strong effort to-wards college and career readiness, and Amber certainly embodies these requirements. Education is the key that opens all of life’s doors. In the United States today, a college degree has become more necessary than ever before, with the majority of jobs requiring some sort of post-secondary education. That is why it is imperative that students across the nation strive to achieve academic success and earn a higher education. I would like to commend Amber for working so hard to earn a better future; her impressive efforts make her a leader among her genera-tion and lead me to believe that she is a young woman who we will see great things from. I would also like to commend the ACT organization for working to promote higher education among our nation’s students. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MARY ANN WASIL HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with the heaviest of hearts that I rise today to take a moment to pay tribute to an incredible woman who I consider one of my personal heroes, Mary Ann Wasil who lost a brilliant battle with breast cancer late last week. Mary Ann pos-sessed a tenacious spirit, an unyielding faith, a heart full of love, and an infectious smile— she was one-of-a-kind and will be deeply missed by all of those fortunate enough to have known and worked with her. For one whose life was cut so short, Mary Ann had an extraordinary story. She was a police officer, an actor, a development officer for her church and its elementary school, the founder of a non-profit organization, a health activist, and, most importantly and above all others, a mother of three. She gave 110 per-cent to everything that she did, every project she undertook, and every battle she fought. Breast cancer was what took Mary Ann from us, but it is also what one of her lasting leg-acies was born from. Battling to remission after her first diagnosis with Stage II breast cancer in 2004, Mary Ann took her experience and turned it into, not only a teachable mo-ment, but a successful and much needed breast health initiative, the Get in Touch Foun-dation. Mary Ann discovered the initial lump in her breast while doing a self-breast examina-tion and her cancer was only diagnosed cor-rectly and quickly because she was so familiar with her body and her breasts. Even with some doctors telling her not to worry, to wait, Mary Ann pushed on because she knew it was more than a simple fluctuation. As Mary Ann waged her war with breast cancer, she looked into the eyes of her two young daughters and knew she wanted to do something to make sure that they, as well as young girls everywhere, were armed with all of the information and tools they would need to be strong and smart in breast health. Thus, the Get in Touch Foundation was born. The Get In Touch Girls Program and Daisy Wheel teaches girls to ‘‘get in touch’’ with their bodies through self-examination. Developed by board members and members of the medical com-munity, including focus-groups of girls ages 8 through 18, the interactive Daisy Wheel teach-es the importance of and how to do a breast self-examination. The Daisy Wheel is given to girls in grades 9 through 12 when health edu-cators discuss hygiene and the girls’ changing bodies. The program has been implemented in more than twenty-six countries across the globe and the Daisy Wheel has been downloaded in more than eighty countries. The impact of this program is as extraordinary as its founder. In 2010 Mary Ann won a contract from Bal-boa Press to publish her memoir, A Diary of Healing: My Intense and Meaningful Life with Cancer. Throughout its pages you can hear Mary Ann’s laughter, feel her outrage, and you will often find yourself crying with her, experi-encing the twists and turns of her journey. Mary Ann battled back to remission several times over the last decade, always grateful for the additional time she had with family and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.024 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE571 April 21, 2016 
friends. And though she lost this last battle, her story will continue to be an inspiration. My heart goes out to her children, Betsy, Mary, and Eddy. Just thirteen, twelve, and ten at the time of their mother’s diagnosis, they were forced to grow-up remarkably quickly but always in the warmth of Mary Ann’s smile and secure in the knowledge of her love for them. I know that, in each their own way, they will carry-on Mary Ann’s legacy of love, courage, education, and hope. Over the years, I developed a deep friend-ship with Mary Ann and I consider myself so fortunate to have known her. She was, quite simply, an extraordinary human being. Activist, author, mentor, friend, and mother—Mary Ann Wasil was a woman whose time with us, though short, left an indelible mark on all our lives. Though we will all miss her tenacity, dedication, and, of course, her smile, family and friends will gather in their brightest, most vividly colored clothes, wearing their fanciest shows and celebrate the life of Mary Ann Wasil and the many gifts she brought to all of our lives. As Mary Ann would say—Hope Lives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LEONE DIERENFIELD PETTY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mrs. Leone Dierenfield Petty for celebrating her 100th birthday on April 12, 2016. Mrs. Petty was born on a small farm south of Wall Lake, Iowa along with her twin sister, Leola. Life was off to a slow start, weighing in at 2
1⁄2pounds at birth. She tells the story that she was so tiny, a coffee cup would fit over her head. But she survived and prospered in the Iowa countryside. She was later joined by several brothers and sisters. She went on to raise a family of six, which now includes a number of grandchildren and great-grand-children. All of them attest to her wonderful meals as a farm wife, noting that there is noth-ing much better than her homemade bread. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Mrs. Petty’s life. We have revo-lutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the Internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Mrs. Petty has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twen-ty-four Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Mrs. Petty in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday with family and friends. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Mrs. Petty on reaching this incredible milestone, wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. IN RECOGNITION OF THE NEHE-MIAH COMMUNITY REINVEST-MENT FUND HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Nehemiah Community Reinvest-ment Fund as it celebrates the milestone of renovating over 500 properties. I ask my col-leagues to join me in honoring this great orga-nization for its contributions to the Sacramento region. The Nehemiah Community Reinvestment Fund (NCRF) is a nonprofit and federally-cer-tified community development financial institu-tion (CDFI). NCRF provides capital and tech-nical assistance to organizations working to revitalize low-income neighborhoods and pro-vide housing, services, and jobs to under-served people throughout the United States. Through creative, flexible financing and invest-ments, NCRF makes capital available to community- and faith-based nonprofits, as well as mission-based for-profit organizations, that otherwise might be unable to obtain needed capital. NCRF was founded by Nehemiah Cor-poration of America, which provided the start- up capital that enabled NCRF to begin making loans and investments. In addition to its com-munity development loan fluid, NCRF also de-veloped the Nehemiah Sacramento Valley Fund, a triple bottom-line, real estate equity fund, to bring market-rate capital into low-in-come neighborhoods in the six county Sac-ramento region. In 2010, NCRF launched the Neighborhood Restoration Program in response to the fore-closure crisis. The mission of this program is to advance community revitalization by pro-viding homeownership opportunities for low- and moderate-income families. Building on Nehemiah’s long history of encouraging and facilitating responsible homeownership, Nehe-miah acquires properties located in commu-nities that are affordable to low- and mod-erate-income homebuyers. Once acquired, each house is renovated to exceed Federal Housing Administration lending standards, and marketed for sale exclusively to first time homebuyers and low- to moderate-income households. In 2012, Nehemiah created Roofs for Troops to benefit the men and women who serve and have served our country. Through Roofs for Troops, financial institutions donate foreclosed properties to NCRF. Properties are renovated to exceed Veterans Administration lending standards and are marketed for sale exclusively to veterans and active duty mili-tary. A percentage of properties NCRF re-ceives and renovates are donated 100 percent mortgage free to deserving veteran and active duty military families. In total, the Nehemiah Community Reinvestment Fund has created 500 affordable homeownership opportunities through its Neighborhood Restoration and Roofs for Troops Programs. Mr. Speaker, as community members gather to celebrate this significant milestone for the Nehemiah Community Reinvestment Fund, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Fund for its contributions and commitment to the Sacramento region. HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN ULMSCHNEIDER HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to pay tribute to a fallen Maryland firefighter and recognize his colleague who is recovering from severe inju-ries. As the funeral and interment of this es-teemed firefighter occurred yesterday, I want to remember the legacy he leaves behind. Prince George’s County firefighter and para-medic (FF/Medic) John Ernest Ulmschneider was responding to a ‘‘check on welfare’’ call that took a turn for the worse. Known as ‘‘Skil-let,’’ this brave firefighter died tragically in the line of duty on Friday, April 15, as a result of a shooting in Temple Hills, Maryland. Line-of-duty deaths are always difficult to bear. A firefighter or another first responder leaves their home, their station, or their vehi-cle to do their job of public service, and their loved one, coworker, or partner expects to see them return. My heart breaks for John’s loved ones and for the tight-knit community that is the Prince George’s County Fire and EMS De-partment. The details of FF/Medic Ulmschneider’s death are heartbreaking. He, fellow firefighter Kevin Swain of the Morningside Volunteer Fire Department, and other first responders arrived at a residence after a relative had contacted them worried about the health of a family member. They knocked on the door a few times and announced themselves without re-ceiving a response. With the concern of a po-tential health emergency in mind, they tried to enter the home by breaking down the door. It was a fateful decision. As the firefighters entered the home, the person inside fired a weapon, hitting FF/Medic Ulmschneider and FF Swain. Both firefighters were severely in-jured, FF/Medic Ulmschneider fatally, despite the rapid and capable care they received. On behalf of the citizens of Maryland’s Fourth Congressional District, I would like to recog-nize the paramedics and the doctors and nurses for their compassionate care and treat-ment of these firefighters. I would like to remember the legacy FF/ Medic Ulmschneider leaves behind. He was born in Baltimore and graduated from Surrattsville High School in Clinton, Maryland in 1997. Friends called him ‘‘Skillet’’ because his head was as tough as a cast iron skillet. FF/Medic Ulmschneider had been a mem-ber of the Prince George’s County Fire De-partment for 13 years. He was married to Dawn and a proud and doting father to Abi-gail. One colleague of his remembers him as a particularly caring person who went the extra mile and on calls would make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for those patients who had low-blood sugar or were simply pan-icked. Another coworker recalled that FF/ Medic Ulmschneider had two speeds, ‘‘fast and faster.’’ Mr. Speaker, I want to send my appreciation to these individual firefighters and all their col-leagues for their relentless dedication to public service. Prince George’s County Fire/EMS De-partment and firefighters across this country are committed every day to keep our commu-nities safe by putting their own lives at risk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.029 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE572 April 21, 2016 
during times of our greatest need. They each have made the ultimate contribution to our communities—the contribution of personal sacrifice to ensure our safety and well-being. These men and women rightfully are our he-roes. As a dedicated firefighter, husband, father, and human being, Firefighter and Paramedic John Ulmschneider deserves all of the honor and praise this Chamber can bestow upon him. On behalf of the 4th Congressional Dis-trict and this House, I extend my sincerest gratitude and condolences to his wife Dawn and daughter Abigail; Cheryl Ulmschneider, his mother; his entire family; friends; Prince George’s County Fire Chief Marc Bashoor; the entire Department; and the Prince George’s County Professional Fire Fighters & Para-medics Association International Association of Fire Fighters Local 1619. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CANDY HEYER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Candy Heyer of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being recog-nized by the Horatio Alger Foundation to re-ceive the 2016 State-Level Award for Iowa. Candy is a student at Abraham Lincoln High School in Council Bluffs, Iowa. Candy was selected for this award for her commitment in continuing her education and for serving her community. Candy maintained an ‘‘A’’ grade and scored at one of the highest levels on her ACT test. Candy will receive substantial funds to use towards her college tuition costs. Sarah Steinmetz, the Talented and Gifted Strategist at Abraham Lincoln High School said, ‘‘Candy is a young lady who strives 110 percent to go above and beyond what is expected of her and is deserving of this award.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Candy for being selected to receive this award. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Candy and in wishing her nothing but continued suc-cess. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PORT OF BENTON RESTRICTION RELEASE ACT OF 2016 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce my legislation, the Port of Benton Restriction Release Act of 2016. This legisla-tion will lift the conveyance restrictions on a 71.5 acre parcel of land that was deeded to the Port of Benton (Port) in 1996 by the United States Maritime Administration (MARAD). The Port acquired this parcel of land as part of an effort to transfer excess and unneeded land from the ‘‘Former 3000 Area’’ of the Hanford nuclear reservation, located in the Tri-Cities region of Central Washington, back to the local communities. Recently, the Port has explored economic development op-portunities on this parcel, however the existing conveyance restrictions have inhibited their ability to develop the land for the economic benefit of the Tri-Cities region. In recent years, there has been an increase in economic activity near this property, includ-ing over $70 million in investments, the cre-ation of the Manhattan Project National His-toric Park in 2014, and the transfer of 1,641 acres of Hanford land back to the local com-munities for further economic and industrial development. The Port of Benton has targeted uses for this land that include clean energy manufacturing, bio products, solar array, and industrial operations, which could yield invest-ments of $1 billion for the local communities and the creation of 1,500 jobs for the region. However, the conveyance restrictions on this property have inhibited the Port’s ability to attract private and small businesses to make investments in the Former Hanford 3000 Area. These restrictions require that all sub-leases over five years on the property be submitted to MARAD for approval. Additionally, the Port is required to submit annual reports to MARAD for the parcel. This important legislation will release all re-maining federal deed restrictions on the 71.5 acre property, which will allow the Port of Ben-ton and the surrounding communities to con-tinue their hard work to create jobs, stimulate economic growth, and retain a skilled work-force in the area, and this parcel of land is a critical component of this effort. For these rea-sons I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation, which will have a positive and lasting impact on the economic viability and competitiveness of the Tri-Cities region. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted No on Recorded Vote No. 162. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HOWARD CLOTHING AND SPORTING GOODS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Howard Clothing and Sporting Goods of Shenandoah, Iowa. Howard Clothing and Sporting Goods has been serving customers for over 65 years since it was founded in 1951 by Jim and Glad-ys Howard. Darlene and Dennis Howard are the second generation owners of Howard Clothing and Sporting Goods. Darlene and Dennis pur-chased the store from Dennis’ parents in 1976, later joined by their son, Derek, to oper-ate the business each day. The store handles a variety of items, such as athletic shoes, tux-edos, ties, baseball bats, uniforms, and tro-phies. Dennis travels a 60-mile radius as he serves the public and local schools, assisting with their clothing and sporting needs. Darlene said, ‘‘You never know, anything can happen. Regardless, it’s been a great business. We’ve both enjoyed it over the past four decades.’’ Mr. Speaker, I commend Howard Clothing and Sporting Goods and their staff for their 65 years of dedicated service to Shenandoah and southwest Iowa. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the Howards for sur-passing this incredible milestone and in wish-ing them and their family nothing but contin-ued success. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, the first and fundamental purpose of government is to pro-vide for the common defense. Of the 17 powers granted to the Congress under Article One, Section Eight of the Con-stitution, 6 of them deal exclusively with the national defense. Providing for our national defense is the only mandatory function of our government. It follows, then, that we must take this re-sponsibility very seriously. And I do. As a senior Member of the House Armed Services Committee, I am working to ensure that we reverse the troop cuts made by this Administration, and to provide the necessary materials and equipment we need to respond to the threats we face. Whether this Administration admits it or not, there are many that seek the ‘‘death of Amer-ica.’’ We must recognize that we are at war with terrorists—they are constantly devising means and methods to injure our citizens, whether they are home or abroad. As Iran, China, and Russia continue to pro-voke—and even detain—our armed forces. We must show that we will not be disrespected, mistreated, or intimidated. The best offense is a good defense and I will continue to ensure that we have both. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JULIA C. ‘‘JUDY’’ RUNNEBOHM 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the life of my good friend Julia C. ‘‘Judy’’ Runnebohm of Shelbyville, Indiana. Born on September 27, 1936, to Thomas and Nell ‘‘Morris’’ Jenkins, Judy lived a long, full life dedicated to her family and her com-munity. As the Good Book says in Acts 20:35, ‘‘it is more blessed to give than to receive.’’ And, Judy truly lived this scripture throughout her life. Everyone who knew her, knew of her love 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.032 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE573 April 21, 2016 
for Shelbyville and her desire to serve. Judy was a member of St. Vincent de Paul Catholic Church, where she was an energetic contrib-utor in the St. Vincent Altar Society. She served on the Board of Directors of SCUFFY, Shelby County Welfare, and Girls, Inc., and also served as secretary of the Shelby County Republican Central Committee. In her ‘‘spare time’’ she volunteered many late afternoons calling shut-ins for the Major Hospital Founda-tion. Her philanthropic spirit and volunteerism didn’t go unnoticed. In 2013, Governor Mike Pence awarded her a Distinguished Hoosier Award, which is one of the highest honors given by the State of Indiana. Judy also re-ceived two awards from the Shelby County Chamber of Commerce, including Citizen of the Year in 2000 and the Athena Award in 2014. Judy Runnebohm was also my friend. And, there is no better friend than Judy. She will al-ways be remembered as loyal, honest and a fierce advocate for those she believed in. I will never forget her support and belief in me. Judy will certainly be missed by her family and her community. I will always be grateful for the encouragement and support that Judy and her husband Nick have given me through-out my career. And, I know the city of Shelby-ville and the State of Indiana will always be grateful for their dedication. Today, it is my privilege to honor the life of Judy Runnebohm. My thoughts and prayers go out to Judy’s family, and may God comfort those she left behind with His peace and strength. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ADLENA M CLAIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Adlena McLain of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being rec-ognized by the Horatio Alger Foundation to re-ceive the 2016 Regional AKSARBEN Award for Iowa. Adlena is a student at Abraham Lin-coln High School in Council Bluffs, Iowa. Adlena was selected for this award for her commitment in continuing her education and for serving her community. She maintained ex-cellent grades and scored at the top level on her ACT test. She will receive substantial funds to use towards her college tuition costs. Sarah Steinmetz, the Talented and Gifted Strategist at Abraham Lincoln High School said, ‘‘Adlena gives so much and goes above and beyond what is expected of her. She real-ly deserves this award.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Adlena for being selected to receive this award. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Adlena. We wish her nothing but continued success in her education endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.038 E21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D414 Thursday, April 21, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2351–S2400 Measures Introduced: Fourteen bills and five reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2831–2844, S. Res. 435–438, and S. Con. Res. 36.
        Pages S2387–88 
Measures Reported: S. 2837, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–239) Report to accompany S. 957, to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs to help create jobs. (S. Rept. No. 114–240) Report to accompany S. 999, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for improvements to small business development centers. (S. Rept. No. 114–241) Report to accompany S. 1000, to strengthen re-sources for entrepreneurs by improving the SCORE program. (S. Rept. No. 114–242) S. 2844, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–243) 
                                                                                            Page S2387 
Measures Passed: Silver Star Service Banner Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 437, expressing support for the designation of May 1, 2016, as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’. 
                                                                                            Page S2400 
National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 438, designating September 2016 as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’.
                                                                          Page S2400 
Measures Considered: Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Sen-ate continued consideration of H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S2357–79 Adopted: By 76 yeas to 19 nays (Vote No. 59), Alexander (for Franken/Heitkamp) Amendment No. 3833 (to Amendment No. 3801), to provide funding for the Tribal Energy Loan Guarantee Program. 
                                                                                    Pages S2367–68 
Rejected: By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 57), Alexander (for Hoeven) Amendment No. 3811 (to Amendment No. 3801), to prohibit the use of funds relating to a certain definition. (Pursuant to the order of Wednesday, April 20, 2016, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                                                                     Page S2361 
By 48 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 58), Coats Amendment No. 3814 (to Amendment No. 3801), to limit the use of funds made available for the Ad-vanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.) 
                                                                                    Pages S2362–63 
Pending: Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S2357 
Alexander Amendment No. 3804 (to Amendment No. 3801), to modify provisions relating to Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees.
                               Page S2357 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that it be in order to call up Murray Amend-ment No. 3813; and that at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, April 25, 2016, Senate vote on or in relation to Murray Amendment No. 3813; that no second-de-gree amendments be in order prior to the vote; and that there be two minutes equally divided prior to the vote.
                                                                         Page S2361 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that it be in order to call up Merkley Amendment No. 3812; Reid Amendment No. 3805; and Flake Amendment No. 3820; and that at 11 a.m., on Tuesday, April 26, 2016, Senate vote on or in relation to the amendments in the order listed, and with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the votes, and that there be two minutes equally divided prior to each vote.
                   Page S2379 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP6.REC D21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D415 April 21, 2016 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 4 p.m., on Monday, April 25, 2016, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
        Page S2400 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2387 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2387 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S2387 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2388–89 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2389–96 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2385–87 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S2396–S2400 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2400 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—59)
                                Pages S2362, S2362–63, S2368 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:58 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, April 25, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2400.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably the following business items: An original bill (S. 2837) making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017; and An original bill (S. 2844) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of General Cur-tis M. Scaparrotti, USA, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States European Command and Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, and General Lori J. Robinson, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States Northern Com-mand, and Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. PUBLIC LANDS LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining concluded a hearing to examine S. 1167, to modify the boundaries of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wilderness and to authorize the continued use of motorized vehicles for livestock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wilderness areas in the State of Idaho, S. 1423, to designate certain Fed-eral lands in California as wilderness, S. 1510, to designate and expand wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest in the State of Washington, and to designate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National Park as wild and scenic riv-ers, S. 1699, to designate certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness and na-tional recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Oregon, S. 1777, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for com-mercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, S. 2018, to convey, without consideration, the rever-sionary interests of the United States in and to cer-tain non-Federal land in Glennallen, Alaska, S. 2223, to transfer administrative jurisdiction over cer-tain Bureau of Land Management land from the Sec-retary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Ceme-tery, S. 2379, to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tuc-son, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City, and S. 2383, to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropriation, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land, after receiving testimony from Glenn Casamassa, Associate Deputy Chief, National Forest System, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; Mike Pool, Acting Deputy Director, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior; and Major General Martin Whelan, USAF, Director of Future Operations, Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, Headquarters Air Force, and Jennifer L. Miller, Dep-uty Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Installa-tions, both of the Department of Defense. ENABLING ADVANCED REACTORS Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety con-cluded a hearing to examine enabling advanced reac-tors, including S. 2795, to modernize the regulation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP6.REC D21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD416 April 21, 2016 
of nuclear energy, after receiving testimony from Victor M. McCree, Executive Director for Oper-ations, Nuclear Regulatory Commission; Christina Back, General Atomics, San Diego, California; Ash-ley E. Finan, Nuclear Innovation Alliance, Boston, Massachusetts; and Maria G. Korsnick, Nuclear En-ergy Institute, Edwin Lyman, Union of Concerned Scientists, and Jeffrey S. Merrifield, Pillsbury Win-throp Shaw Pittman, all of Washington, D.C. NOMINATION Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Portman, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 27 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5017–5043; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 130; and H. Res. 696–700, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H1922–23 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1924–25 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4698, to enhance aviation by requiring air-port security assessments and a security coordination enhancement plan, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–513); H.R. 3826, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relat-ing to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wil-derness in the State of Oregon, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–514); and H.R. 894, to extend the authorization of the Highlands Conservation Act (H. Rept. 114–515, Part 1).
                                                                            Page H1922 
Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 3724, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Com-missioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehir-ing any employee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct, by a yea-and-nay vote of 345 yeas to 78 nays, Roll No. 163.
                      Pages H1900–05, H1911–12 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–48 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill.
    Page H1900 
H. Res. 688, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4890) and (H.R. 3724) was agreed to April 19th. Imposing a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and im-plements a comprehensive customer service strategy: The House passed H.R. 4890, to impose a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and implements a comprehensive customer service strategy, by a yea-and-nay vote of 260 yeas to 158 nays, Roll No. 162.                                                                 Pages H1905–08, H1908–11 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–49 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                            Page H1909 
Agreed to: Meehan amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–503) that clarifies that the Act shall be carried out using only funds that are appropriated; and 
                                                                                            Page H1909 
Sanford amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–503) that requires the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate to consult with the Na-tional Taxpayer Advocate while developing the com-prehensive customer service strategy.
      Pages H1909–10 
H. Res. 688, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4890) and (H.R. 3724) was agreed to April 19th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, April 25th.
          Page H1914 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H1908. Senate Referrals: S. 2012 was held at the desk. S. 1252 was held at the desk.
                                  Page H1908 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP6.REC D21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D417 April 21, 2016 
on pages H1910–11 and H1911–12. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:55 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held a budget hearing on Intelligence Community. Testimony was heard from James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence. This hearing was closed. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a markup on H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. H.R. 4909 was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a markup on H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. H.R. 4909 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces held a markup on H.R. 4909, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. H.R. 4909 was forwarded to the full com-mittee, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor re-lating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’. H.J. Res. 88 was ordered reported, without amendment. EPA’S BROWNFIELDS PROGRAM: EMPOWERING CLEANUP AND ENCOURAGING ECONOMIC REDEVELOPMENT Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘EPA’s Brownfields Program: Empowering Cleanup and Encouraging Economic Redevelop-ment’’. Testimony was heard from J. Christian Bollwage, Mayor, City of Elizabeth, New Jersey; Mathy Stanislaus, Assistant Administrator for the Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response, En-vironmental Protection Agency; and public wit-nesses. CONTINUED OVERSIGHT OF THE SEC’S OFFICES AND DIVISIONS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Continued Oversight of the SEC’s Offices and Divisions’’. Testimony was heard from the following Securities and Exchange Commis-sion officials: Thomas J. Butler, Director, Office of Credit Ratings; Mark J. Flannery, Director, Division of Economic and Risk Analysis; Sean McKessy, Chief, Office of the Whistleblower; and Marc Wyatt, Director, Office of Compliance, Inspections, and Ex-aminations. BARRIERS TO ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT DELISTING, PART II Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior; and Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administrative Rules, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Barriers to Endangered Spe-cies Act Delisting, Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Dan Ashe, Director, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 25, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP6.REC D21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD418 April 21, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, April 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 4 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 2028, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, and vote on or in relation to Murray Amendment No. 3813 at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11:30 a.m., Monday, April 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E567 Bass, Karen, Calif., E564, E569 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E562 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E566, E567, E568, E568, E569 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E567 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E570 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E562 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E570 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E571 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E567, E568, E570 Farr, Sam, Calif., E565 Foster, Bill, Ill., E562 Graves, Sam, Mo., E561, E562, E563, E563, E564, E565 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E570 Hinojosa, Rube´n, Tex., E564 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E566 Katko, John, N.Y., E566 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E561, E572 Loudermilk, Barry, Ga., E569 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E565 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E569 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E571 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E567 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E566 Messer, Luke, Ind., E572 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E572 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E568 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E563 Olson, Pete, Tex., E563, E564, E567 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E572 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E564 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E561 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E561 Young, David, Iowa, E562, E563, E564, E568, E569, E570, E571, E572, E572, E573 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21AP6.REC D21APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST