Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3099 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 2016 No. 83 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC May 25, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable K
EITH J. R
OTHFUS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
ASSAULT ON LEGAL IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, as it turns out, deporting 11 million undocu-mented immigrants and banning Mus-lims from entering the country might not be the most radical anti-immigra-tion ideas that the Republicans have come up with. There seems to be a sin-ister, anti-immigration arms race breaking out in the Party of Trump. Last week, a Federal judge—Judge Andrew Hanen of Texas, pictured here—the same one whose judgment on immigration executive actions is being deliberated by the Supreme Court, or-dered the punishment of every single lawyer in the Justice Department in 26 States. His claim is that some DOJ lawyers misrepresented to him whether they were complying with his injunc-tion suspending the immigration exec-utive actions announced by President Obama in November of 2014. After his injunction, they were only supposed to issue 2-year work permits under the old rules to immigrants who applied for and received, after an ex-tensive criminal background check, the ability to be treated as the lowest priority for deportation. But the reme-dial ethics classes are for every single Department of Justice lawyer in 26 States. You say you weren’t in any way asso-ciated with the case before the judge? Too bad. Never practiced law that is remotely related to immigrants or immigration? Sorry, the judge is ordering your punishment. Never been to the State of Texas in your life? Tough cookies, the Texas judge knows best, and is ordering you around as if you had argued cases yourself be-fore his court. Overreach much? The newspaper La Opinion called Judge Hanen’s plan ‘‘onerous and ab-surd.’’ I think that is an understate-ment. Judge Hanen is also using some good old-fashioned scare tactics to see if he can compete with Sheriff Joe Arpaio and the GOP Presidential nominee for the title of who is so shamelessly anti- immigrant. Judge Hanen has called for the Department of Justice to turn over the names of 100,000 people who were possibly granted the 3-year, not the 2- year, work permits. So if you come forward, pay hundreds of dollars, submit your paperwork and fingerprints, then 2 years later a judge says, Though you have made no mis-take and have zero—I want to repeat— zero—responsibility for the con-troversy, you, the applicant, before the American government, could have your name and address published for every two-bit vigilante and Twitter troll to read. I thought Republicans were the ones who didn’t like activist judges. I thought they wanted as little govern-ment as possible and to leave the legis-lating and, I suppose, the intimidating to the politicians here in Washington, D.C. So when the Republicans up the ante in one area, they have to up the ante in another. Nowhere is this crass political opportunism more apparent than right here. This morning we are having a little hearing in the Judiciary Committee aimed at—get this—shutting down legal immigration as much as possible. Your son’s fiancee, your mom’s doctor, your neighbor’s nanny, your grocery store’s janitorial crew, if they are com-ing legally to the United States, Re-publicans want to stop it, slow it down, and make it cost a lot more. The party obsessed with illegal im-migration now has legal immigration firmly in its sight. And if you are from certain countries or are of a certain re-ligion, you must have a special secu-rity review. I thought the campaign promise to bar Muslims from traveling here to the USA was a campaign promise that would never be realized unless your leader actually won the campaign. Don’t get me wrong. If I thought Re-publicans were proposing a process to make things more secure and give the U.S. a better immigration system, I would support it. And I think we could pass something that was on a bipar-tisan basis in Congress today. But come on, guys. Do you really be-lieve that the House of Representatives is trying to craft a sensible bill related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.000 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3100 May 25, 2016 
to immigration in an election year? Do you think the American people are that gullible? No. The Party of Trump has launched an all-out radical assault on legal im-migration, and hopes everyone is so scared of the ‘‘rapey’’ Mexicans, the sex-crazed Italians, and the Viet-namese immigrants with Ebola on the one hand and ‘‘ziki flies’’ on the other. Lock down the whole system, they say. Lady Liberty, lower your lamp, cover up your poem, and take a seat because terrorists got in once, which is enough reason to keep everyone out of Amer-ica—from the computer programmer to the ski instructor, to the refugee flee-ing systematic violence. If you ask me, maybe it is not the hundreds of Justice Department law-yers who have nothing to do with Judge Hanen’s courtroom who need on-erous remedial ethics training classes; maybe it is Judge Hanen’s allies here in the House and throughout the Re-publican Party who could use a manda-tory lesson on right and wrong. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL YOUTH SHADOW DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome Donald Robinson to Capitol Hill as part of the Congressional Foster Youth Shadow Program. This program is a part of Foster Care Month across the Nation. This recogni-tion was created more than 25 years ago to bring the issue of foster care to the forefront, highlighting the impor-tance of permanency for every child. Having a brother who joined my family through foster care 46 years ago, foster care is important to me. As for Donald, he entered foster care in Pennsylvania at the age of 14, expe-riencing six placements. Despite at-tending multiple schools, he was able to complete his education and enroll in college after aging out of foster care. I am proud to say that Donald re-cently graduated with his master’s de-gree in exercise science from the Uni-versity of Texas. He plans to create an international sport performance train-ing and consultancy business, and would eventually like to open a charter school. Mr. Speaker, I am so happy to see someone with Donald’s background working to give back to our Nation’s children. I look forward to spending time with him today and to learn more about his story. 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF RAYMOND  
GRAECA  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute Raymond Graeca, who will retire next month as CEO of Penn Highlands Healthcare, which includes several hos-pitals in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District, including in DuBois, Brookville, Clearfield, and St. Marys. Raymond is a native of Erie and graduated with a degree in accounting from Gannon University. He is also a veteran and completed a tour of duty with the United States Army before earning a master’s degree in health service administration from Tulane University in New Orleans in 1973. After graduation, Raymond entered the field of health care and did not look back. He worked at hospitals in Alabama, Louisiana, and Texas before returning to Pennsylvania in 1979 to become president of the Corry Memo-rial Hospital in Corry, Pennsylvania, also located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. Ray came to DuBois in 1990 as presi-dent of the DuBois Regional Medical Center. He is credited as being part of a group which started the Free Medical Clinic of DuBois in 1998, and has served on a number of statewide boards, in-cluding the Hospital Council of West-ern Pennsylvania, The Hospital & Healthsystem Association of Pennsyl-vania, and the Pennsylvania chapter of the VHA. In 1998, he was named the Distinguished Citizen of the Year in DuBois. In 2011, he was instrumental in the creation of Penn Highlands Healthcare, bringing together hospitals across the DuBois region, including the DuBois Regional Medical Center, Clearfield Hospital, Brookville Hospital, and later, the Elk Regional Medical Center. The system covers eight counties, em-ploys more than 3,600 people, including 360 physicians. Raymond Graeca’s retirement caps a more than 40-year career in healthcare services and hospital administration. I congratulate him on all of his hard work, and wish him the best of luck in retirement. f 
ENERGY AND WATER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the House is considering this week the appropriations for energy and water. These are important decisions, vital programs that seriously touch all of us across the country, and have important decisions on resource allocation. There were two elements in the ac-companying report that I would like to highlight for a moment. First is that I am pleased that the committee has in-cluded language encouraging the Army Corps of Engineers to continue efforts to construct new tribal housing at The Dalles Dam on the Columbia River be-tween Oregon and Washington. The Columbia River is the cultural artery that ties together the North-west. It is an engine for agriculture and for industry. But long before we started changing that river into a ma-chine with the construction of dams in the 1930s, the artery was the core of the civilization for thousands of years for Native Americans. The river looked very different. It was faster-moving and steeper. It pro-duced salmon in such abundance that it was rumored you could walk across their backs as they swam upstream to spawn. And it provided food, trade, and a cultural identity for Native Amer-ican tribes for years. These tribes—now known as the Nez Perce, Umatilla, Warm Springs, and Yakama Nation— were never fully compensated for the disruption to their native ways of life, despite promises to the contrary. We have found that the Army Corps of Engineers now understands that it has the authority to begin the process of building another housing village at The Dalles Dam. It is important that we encourage and support this work, and continue to expand it through con-gressional action. It is the least we can do to keep faith with Native Ameri-cans, who have had their lives dramati-cally disrupted with that construction. Second, the report also continues an unfortunate rider, which blocks the Army Corps of Engineers from modern-izing how it develops water resource projects. This has been an interest of mine since I first started serving on the Water Resources Subcommittee 20 years ago in Congress. The Corps operates on an antiquated methodology that are known as 1983 principles and guidelines for water in-frastructure projects. It directs the Corps to focus on maximizing national economic development benefits when planning projects, not looking com-prehensively at the benefits and the problems attained for everybody. It se-verely limits the Corps’ ability to se-lect projects which minimize environ-mental impacts, or contribute to the national interest in ways other than a narrowly defined economic develop-ment. I worked for years with the Corps back when General Flowers was in charge, and there was great interest on the part of the Corps to be able to up-date the ways that they operate to in-corporate modern science, engineering, and environmental awareness. Those principles and guidelines were drafted back in the Carter administration. 398 months have elapsed since they were enacted into law. In that period of time, a lot has happened with food, fashion, technology, and science. It is time for the Army Corps of Engineers to be able to base its planning and ac-tivities on the best science and the best engineering, for the needs that we have today. I sincerely hope that we can come to-gether and recognize that it is a need to finally remove that rider. It was frustrating for me, having worked for years, to finally achieve authorization in 2007 for the principles and guidelines to be updated. Yet, the Corps, having done that job, cannot use the updated principles and guidelines because of shortsighted action on the part of Con-gress. I strongly urge that my friends and colleagues in Congress take a look at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.002 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3101 May 25, 2016 
this restrictive language. Think about the opportunities available to us to allow the Corps of Engineers to do its job right based on the latest informa-tion available to us. This does not speak well of the ability of Congress to prepare for the future. It makes the job of the Army Corps of Engineers much harder, and it makes it less likely that we are going to give people the benefit that they need from the various things that the Corps constructs and plans. 
f 
b1015 TSGT VIRGIL POE, UNITED STATES ARMY: CHARTER MEM-BER OF THE GREATEST GENERA-TION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, born in the 1920s, he grew up in the Depres-sion of the 1930s, poor, like more most rural American children. Fresh vegeta-bles were grown in the family garden behind the small frame house. His mother made sandwiches for school out of homemade bread. Store-bought bread was for the rich. He grew up belonging to the Boy Scouts, playing the trumpet in the high school band, and he went to church on almost all Sundays. In 1944, this 18-year-old country boy, who had never been more than 50 miles from home, quickly found himself going through basic training at the United States Army at Camp Wolters in Camp Wolters, Texas. After that, he rode a train with hun-dreds of other young teenagers—Amer-ican males—to New York City for the ocean trip on a cramped Liberty ship to fight in the great World War II. While crossing the Atlantic, he wit-nessed another Liberty ship next to his that was sunk by a German U-boat. As a soldier in the Seventh Army, he went from France to survive the Battle of the Bulge and through the cities of Aachen, Stuttgart, Cologne, and Bonn. As a teenager, he saw the brutal con-centration camps of the Nazis and saw the victims. He saw incredible numbers of other teenage Americans buried in graves throughout Europe. A solemn monument to those soldiers is at Nor-mandy. After Germany surrendered, he was ordered back to Fort Hood, Texas. He was being reequipped for the invasion of Japan. Then Japan surrendered. It was there he met Mom at a Wednesday night prayer meeting service. My mom was a Red Cross volunteer in WWII. Until a few years ago, this GI—my dad—would never talk about World War II. He still won’t say much, but he does say frequently that the heroes are the ones who are buried today in Eu-rope. After the war was over, he opened a DX service station, where he pumped gas, sold tires, fixed cars, and began a family. Deciding he wanted to go to college, he moved to west Texas and enrolled in a small Christian college named Abilene Christian College. He and his wife and two small chil-dren lived in an old, converted Army barracks with other such families. He supported us by working nights at the KRBC radio station and by climbing telephone poles for Ma Bell, which was later called Southwestern Bell. He finished college, became an engi-neer, and worked 40-plus years for Southwestern Bell Telephone Company in Houston, Texas. He turned down a promotion and a transfer to New York City because it was not Texas and he didn’t want to raise his family in New York. Dad instilled in my sister and me the values of being a neighbor to every-body, of loving the USA, of loving our heritage, and of always doing the right thing to all people. He still gets mad at the media. He flies Old Glory on holidays. He goes to church on Sunday, and he takes Mom out to eat on Friday nights. He stands in the front yard and talks to his neighbors, and he can still fix any-thing. He can still mow his own grass even though he is 90 years of age. He has a strong opinion on politics and world events. He gives plenty of advice to ev-erybody, including a lot of advice to me. He has two computers in his home office. He sends emails to hundreds of his buddies all over the world. Dad and Mom still live in Houston, Texas, where I grew up. So today, Mr. Speaker, as we ap-proach Memorial Day and honor the fallen warriors of all wars, we also honor all who fought in the great World War II and who got to come home. We honor my dad, but also other American warriors. My dad was one of those individuals of the Greatest Generation. He is the best man I ever met, and he certainly is a charter member of the Greatest Generation. So I hope I turn out like him, Tech Sergeant Virgil Poe, United States Army, good man, good father. That is enough for one life. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
TOP TEN ABUSES OF THE ‘‘SE-LECT INVESTIGATIVE PANEL’’ REPUBLICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 181 Democrats wrote to Speaker R
YAN to ask the Republican Select Panel to Attack Women’s Health—that is what we call it—to be shut down. From the outset, this investigation has been a political weapon to punish women, doctors, and scientific re-searchers, not an objective, fair-mind-ed, or fact-based search for the truth. Here are the top 10 reasons to shut down this partisan panel immediately: One: The select panel is a waste of taxpayer money. Republicans are wasting taxpayer dollars in their chasing of inflam-matory allegations of anti-abortion ex-tremists. Three Republican-led House commit-tees, 12 States, and one grand jury have already investigated charges that Planned Parenthood was selling fetal tissue for a profit. None found any evi-dence of wrongdoing. Two: The select panel is an attack on women’s rights. Republicans are using the panel as part of their campaign to deny women access to legal reproductive health services, including abortions—the panel comes at a time when Repub-licans have voted repeatedly to defund Planned Parenthood, which provides health services to over 3 million Amer-ican women and men each year—to eliminate family planning services, and to restrict access to abortion. Three: The select panel is harming scientific research. Republicans are using the panel to intimidate scientists into stopping legal fetal tissue research on treatment for cures for diseases and conditions that afflict millions of Americans, in-cluding multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer’s, diabetes, and spinal cord injuries. Some medical research outfits have al-ready been canceled. Four: The select panel is just par-tisan politics. Republicans are conducting an un-fair, one-sided, and partisan campaign. They refuse to put indicted video maker David Daleiden under oath, who made those highly edited tapes against Planned Parenthood, while issuing sub-poenas and demanding sworn testi-mony from law-abiding researchers and doctors. Republicans have suppressed facts that contradict their preferred partisan narratives. For example, they refused to hear directly from tissue procure-ment companies while they publicly accused them of misconduct based on misleading and inaccurate staff-cre-ated exhibits that lacked any sourcing or foundational information. Five: The select panel is a McCarthy- like witch hunt: Mirroring the bullying behavior of Senator Joe McCarthy, Republicans are demanding that universities and clinics name names of their research-ers, graduate students, lab technicians, clinic personnel, and doctors. When Democrat JERRY NADLER asked Chair B
LACKBURN to explain why she needs to amass this database of names, she re-sponded: No, sir. I am not going to do that. Six: The select panel threatens inno-cent lives. Republicans are putting researchers and doctors at risk by publicly naming them as targets of their investigation and creating a database of names. On May 11, Republicans issued a press release that publicly named a physician who had already been the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.004 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3102 May 25, 2016 
target and the subject of violence by anti-abortion extremists. That physi-cian was never contacted to volun-tarily provide information before he re-ceived a subpoena. Seven: The select panel is dangerous. Republicans are refusing to protect confidentiality despite known risks and tragedies, such as the murders of three people at the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood women’s health clinic. That murderer echoed the words of our Republican chairman of the se-lect committee. The killer used words like ‘‘no more baby body parts.’’ Even after they promised to protect confidentiality, the committee said: We will not assure that witnesses’ names or any of the other names used in the deposition will remain private. Eight: The select panel is an abuse of power. Republicans are abusing congres-sional subpoena power. The over-whelming majority of their unilateral subpoenas—30 of 36—have been sent without any effort to obtain voluntary compliance. We should provide physicians, med-ical researchers, and others with an op-portunity for them to provide informa-tion voluntarily. A subpoena should not be the first contact they have with Congress. Nine: The select panel excludes Democrats. Republicans have consistently re-fused to work with Democratic panel members. They have refused to discuss or to even give Democrats copies of their unilateral subpoenas until after they have been served, which is in vio-lation of the House. Ten: The select panel bullies wit-nesses they don’t like. It is time, Mr. Speaker, to end this panel right now. 
f 
THANK YOU, SENATOR BROWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Senator Dave Brown for serving in the Minnesota State Senate. Senator Brown represents an area lo-cated in Minnesota’s Sixth District, and I have enjoyed working with him on a variety of issues that are impor-tant to our constituents. Senator Brown has worked on policy solutions in the fields related to com-merce, education, and finance. How-ever, his main area of expertise has been in promoting Minnesota energy. Our district is home to the Sherco coal-fired power plant, which is respon-sible for hundreds of jobs as well as the abundance of energy it provides. Dur-ing a time when Sherco’s future was unclear and unstable, Senator Brown was a voice of reason that helped many to keep the plant open, allowing many Minnesotans to keep their jobs. Thank you, Dave, for the work you have done for our community and for Minnesota. I will miss working with you, but we wish you the best of luck in your next endeavor. THANK YOU , SENATOR PEDERSON  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Senator John Pederson for his dedicated service to the St. Cloud area residents over the past 6 years. John Pederson was born and raised in Minnesota’s Sixth Congressional Dis-trict and first served on the St. Cloud City Council in 2007. After 4 years on the City Council, John ran and won his seat in the Minnesota State Senate. Throughout his time in the Min-nesota legislature, Senator Pederson has shown his expertise in a variety of areas, but none more than in transpor-tation. Like me, Senator Pederson un-derstands that an intense focus on transportation in Minnesota’s Sixth is crucial to relieving congestion, im-proving safety, increasing mobility, and fostering economic development in our State. John, thank you for your time in serving the people of our great State. 
THANK YOU , SENATOR ORTMAN  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Senator Julianne Ortman for her years of dedi-cated service in the Minnesota Senate. Following her time in practicing law and as a county commissioner, Julianne Ortman was first elected to the Minnesota Senate in 2002. Her tal-ent quickly became apparent as she rose to various leadership positions. Senator Ortman served as an assist-ant minority leader during the 2007– 2008 legislative session. During the 2011–2012 session, she served as deputy majority leader and as chairwoman of the Senate Tax Committee. Of the many issues Senator Ortman championed, taxes, transportation, ju-diciary, and public safety were among her highest priorities. During her time as chairwoman of the Senate Tax Com-mittee, the State government had a $5 billion deficit, which it eventually managed to eliminate without raising taxes on hardworking Minnesotans, evidence of Senator Ortman’s strong leadership. Thank you, Julianne, for your serv-ice and for all that you have done for Minnesota. Thank you for your leader-ship. 
THANK YOU , SENATOR JOHNSON  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Senator Alice Johnson for her dedication and service to the people of Minnesota. Alice Johnson began her career as a public servant in the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1986. She served for 14 years before taking a brief break from the Minnesota legislature. Alice again ran for office in 2012 and has served in the Minnesota Senate for the past 4 years, where she has served as vice chair for both the Education Fi-nance and Policy Committees. After an incredible 18 years in public service, Senator J
OHNSON deserves her well- earned retirement. Thank you, Alice, for the time you have spent in working tirelessly on be-half of Minnesotans and in working to end the gridlock in politics. It is great-ly appreciated. THANK YOU , REPRESENTATIVE SANDERS  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank my friend, Representative Tim Sanders, for the incredible work that he has done while serving in the Minnesota House of Rep-resentatives. Representative Sanders has served in the legislature for four terms, during which he has held various leadership positions. In the 2014 election, he was nominated to the position of assistant majority leader and has also served as chair of the Government Operations and Elections Committee. I got to know Tim personally during my own time in the State legislature and have an enormous amount of re-spect for him. He has been a successful and passionate legislator, proven by the fact that a substantial number of his bills have actually been signed into law. Thank you, Tim, for your service to our community and to our State. I know that you will continue to accom-plish great things. I wish you nothing but happiness as you spend more time with Farrah and the kids. 
f 
b1030 TAMMY LAMBERT’S STORY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, West Virginians are strug-gling right now. Our State’s unemploy-ment rate is one of the highest in the Nation. Our coal mines are closing, and so are our schools and mom-and-pop businesses throughout our State. There is a lot of uncertainty. Fami-lies are wondering how they will make ends meet without our coal jobs. Tammy Lambert is from Raleigh County, and her family is one of those who are worried about her family’s fu-ture. Her son-in-law is considering moving out of the State just to find work; her daughter doesn’t know if she will have the money to finish college; and her husband’s mine has gone through periods of being idled. She is a West Virginia coal voice. Here is what she said: ‘‘My daughter has worked hard to get this far and was just beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Now, she may not be able to ever get that degree. ‘‘It is a shame when young people who try can’t get ahead. It is even sad-der when a man who has worked as a coal miner for 36 years can’t feel secure in his job.’’ What our families need is not just hope; they need jobs that give them a good paycheck. We can make that happen in several ways. We can diversify our State’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.006 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3103 May 25, 2016 
economy to attract new employers. We can expand retraining programs to help prepare the workforce. But most of all, we can get Washington off the backs of our miners. Let West Virginia miners get back to work, put food on their tables, and mine the coal that has powered our Na-tion. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 31 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. J
OLLY ) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Joshua Beckley, Ecclesia Christian Fellowship, San Bernardino, California, offered the following pray-er: Our Father and our God, we pray for this session of Congress, in light of all that is going on in our world and the threats that face us as a Nation, that You would give clarity and thought and discernment as they follow their agenda today. I pray that You would endow them with wisdom and knowledge, with em-pathy, and compassion to determine the best course of action that would af-fect the greatest good for all who would be affected by their decisions today. I pray that they would be mindful of our Pledge of Allegiance that declares that we are one nation under God and that You are the ultimate leader of this Nation. The Scriptures remind us that right-eousness exalts a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people. Bless this 114th session of the House of Representatives. In the mighty Name of Jesus, we pray. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND JOSHUA BECKLEY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. A
GUILAR ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Pastor Joshua Beckley of the Ecclesia Christian Fellowship in San Bernardino, California, who just graced us with the opening prayer. Pastor Beckley has served as senior pastor at Ecclesia for the past 25 years and has presided over a congregation of 4,000 Inland Empire residents. In addition to helping Ecclesia grow and flourish, Pastor Beckley cofounded the Inland Empire Concerned African American Churches, received numerous accolades for his ministry and service to our region, and today serves as the chair of the Community Action Part-nership of San Bernardino County, which is a local organization that seeks to empower and lift low-income families throughout San Bernardino County. In the aftermath of the horrific trag-edy at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino last December, Pastor Beckley was a resounding voice of com-fort and an unwavering leader for thou-sands in our darkest hours. He provided solace to the families of the victims, compassion to their coworkers, and strength to the community as we re-covered. His leadership was and con-tinues to be an integral part of our ef-forts to heal and rebuild. We are so grateful for his dedication to the thousands of Inland Empire fam-ilies who look to him for guidance, and we thank him for his continued service to the region. He is joined by his wife, Lynda, and his sister, Tammie Watson. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
INVASIVE SPECIES SUMMIT (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, my dis-trict is home to many ecological won-ders, from the mighty Adirondacks to the Saint Lawrence River. The envi-ronment is truly our lifeblood in the North Country. Sadly, invasive species threaten the health and beauty of these natural ecosystems. Given our unique position as both the gateway to the Great Lakes and as the center of international shipping trade, our State has the unfortunate distinc-tion of being a principal point of entry for many invasive species. Today I am introducing two pieces of bipartisan legislation to help combat and raise awareness about the threat that invasive species pose to our eco-systems. Nationwide, an estimated 50,000 nonnative invasive animal and plant species have been introduced, re-sulting in more than $100 billion in eco-nomic losses annually. Every State and U.S. territory has at least some form of invasive species. Therefore, I hope my colleagues will cosponsor these vital bills so we may prevent the spread and introduction of these harmful invasive species. f 
ROSWELL PARK CANCER INSTI-TUTE AWARDED NEW RESEARCH GRANTS (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today Buffalo’s Roswell Park Cancer Insti-tute was awarded $33 million in new re-search grants from the National Insti-tutes of Health. This funding will support research to develop new therapies for prostate can-cer, for head and neck cancer, and to advance the great promise of immunotherapy, which is research to unleash the cancer-killing potential from the body’s own immune system. Under the leadership of Dr. Candace Johnson, Roswell Park scientists are providing hope and the potential for healing to millions here and through-out the world. In Buffalo, the Roswell Park Cancer Institute is helping to fuel an economic renaissance that has cap-tured the attention of the Nation. Nationally, the National Institutes of Health’s funding supports over 400,000 good-paying American jobs. Congress needs to fully fund cancer research for the National Institutes of Health be-cause, on this issue, if American lead-ership is not there, there is no leader-ship. 
f 
REMEMBERING WHEELOCK WHITNEY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember Wheelock Whitney, a Min-nesota legend, civic leader, and a friend. Last week Minnesota was sad-dened to learn that Wheelock Whitney had passed away. Wheelock was a successful business-man who gave so much back to our State. He was an impactful leader, principled, generous, and compas-sionate. When he retired, he passed his knowledge on to future generations by teaching at the Carlson School of Man-agement at the University of Min-nesota. Wheelock’s civic leadership included playing a large role in local sports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.008 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3104 May 25, 2016 
franchises, like the Twins, the Vikings, and the North Stars. He also helped save and improve lives in his founding of the Johnson Institute in 1966, one of the Nation’s very first drug and alcohol abuse treatment centers. Mr. Speaker, it is really hard to put into words the respect that Minneso-tans have for Wheelock Whitney and his stature as a leader. He simply was one of a kind and was somebody who made Minnesota a better place. We will miss him. 
f 
FOSTER YOUTH SHADOW DAY (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today is Foster Youth Shadow Day. It is a day that gives Members of Congress a chance to spend time with young adults from our districts who have grown up in the foster care system. I always enjoy this day because it gives me a chance to understand the experience of foster youth and to talk about policies that would help support those children and young adults in that system. I have learned a lot today from Jus-tin and Jameshia, who are here with me. They are two young adults with whom I am spending time. Both have spent years in the foster care system and have grown to be really remark-able young adults. Justin is studying international rela-tions at Michigan State University, and Jameshia just graduated from the University of Michigan-Flint, one of my alma maters, with a degree in so-cial work. Along with their interest in school, they both have dedicated themselves to bettering the lives of other children in Michigan and around the world. Their commitment to raise up kids in my hometown and their hometown of Flint is really inspiring. I am just happy that I am able to get to know them better and to see the passion that they bring to their communities. That pas-sion will take them far. It is important that we hear from people like Justin and Jameshia in order to shape the policies that we make right here in this Congress. I am just glad I could hear what they had to say, and I am glad they could be with us today. I am honored to spend part of Foster Youth Shadow Day with them. 
f 
KOSKINEN AVOIDS ACCOUNTABILITY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, yesterday Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen refused to testify before the House Ju-diciary Committee to answer allega-tions that he failed to comply with a congressional subpoena, which resulted in the destruction of key evidence, that he provided false statements during his sworn testimony, and that he did not notify Congress that the disgraced Lois Lerner’s emails were strangely miss-ing. Sadly, this is not what Americans de-serve from the professionals of the IRS. The IRS should be accountable to an-swer questions about the corruption of its duties. This comes at a time when Congress and the American people have real concerns about bias by the IRS’ targeting of conservative organizations and by cybersecurity vulnerabilities. I am grateful for House Judiciary Committee Chairman BOBGOODLATTE ’s and House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman J
ASON  C
HAFFETZ ’ advocacy in their standing up for American taxpayers. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. VARGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep concerns about the danger the Zika virus continues to rep-resent to expectant mothers all around the world. As a Member of Congress who rep-resents the whole California-Mexico border, I strongly urge my colleagues to provide adequate resources to avoid potentially tragic consequences for families and communities like mine. More than 275 pregnant women are con-firmed Zika cases in America, includ-ing 10 in California, and the number only continues to grow. I believe we have a unique oppor-tunity to work in a bipartisan and bi-cameral manner in order to prevent, detect, and respond to the spread of the Zika virus. This means fully funding the President’s $1.9 billion request for emergency spending on the develop-ment of vaccines and diagnostic testing and on vector controls to manage the mosquito population. The American people deserve a Con-gress that will respond to this urgent crisis with smart action. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MICHAEL-ANN RUSSELL JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Michael-Ann Rus-sell Jewish Community Center as it holds its Prom-Night Tribute-Dinner on Thursday, June 2. During this joyous celebration, lead-ers of the Michael-Ann Russell JCC will be recognized for their contribu-tions to improving the lives of the Jew-ish community in south Florida. The honorees are: Gary Bomzer, who serves as the president and CEO of this wonderful organization; Paul Kruss, who serves as the chair of the board of directors; and Ariel Bentata and Jef-frey Scheck, who were past chairs. Founded in 1987, the Michael-Ann Russell JCC has been committed to not only strengthening Jewish values in south Florida, but it has also dedicated time and resources to educating our fu-ture leaders and fostering a strong re-lationship with our ally, the demo-cratic Jewish State of Israel. I am thankful to witness the growth of the Jewish American community in our area as its members continue to strive for a better and more prosperous tomorrow. Mazel tov to the Michael-Ann Russell Jewish Community Center on a job well done. f 
WEAR SOMETHING RED WEDNES-DAY TO BRING BACK OUR GIRLS (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today is Wear Something Red Wednes-day to bring back our girls. My heart is overflowing with joy. I am very happy to report that one of the Chibok schoolgirls who had been abducted by the Nigerian terrorist group Boko Haram has been found. She was found last week by a vigilante group in the Sambisa Forest, close to the border of Cameroon. The young girl has been reunited with her family after having spent 2 years in captivity, an experience that will haunt her for the rest of her life. Sadly, according to several media ac-counts, the young girl reported that six of the 219 have died since being held by Boko Haram and that the rest are alive and are being held in the forest. Last week we celebrated the return of this precious young girl, but we can-not stop working until the 212 who are still being held hostage are safely re-turned to their families, away from these evil, Islamic insurgents. Mr. Speaker, time is of the essence, and the governments of the Multi-national Joint Task Force, alongside our government, must fight as hard as possible to find these girls. We cannot stop until we find them all. I urge my colleagues to join me today in wearing red on Wednesday until Boko Haram is defeated and all of the kidnapped girls have rejoined their families. Please continue to wear something red on Wednesday. Please continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #BringBackOurGirls and to tweet, tweet, tweet #JoinRepWilson. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SLCC BASKETBALL (Mrs. LOVE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.010 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3105 May 25, 2016 
Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the outstanding achievement of the Salt Lake Community College men’s basketball team, this year’s Na-tional Junior College Men’s Basketball champions. These 12 extraordinary student ath-letes, with the unwavering support of their four dedicated coaches, domi-nated the 2016 NJCAA Men’s Basket-ball tournament, beating their oppo-nents by an average of 18.8 points over five games in 6 days. Conner Toolson was named the tour-nament’s Most Valuable Player. Head coach Todd Phillips was named Coach of the Tournament. These young men, who hail not only from Utah, but from as far away as Australia, exhibited more than just ex-ceptional athleticism and skill. They were singled out for their good sports-manship and kindness off court. Tad Dufelmeier was honored with the tour-nament’s Sportsmanship Award. I congratulate the team on their championship win and for representing their school, their community, and the State in such an exceptional way. Go Bruins. 
f 
b1215 HONORING EDUCATOR JOYCE TOAN (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Joyce Toan, who has taught the children of Joseph Sears School as a kindergarten teacher for nearly two decades. First arriving at Sears in 1997, Mrs. Toan has positively shaped the lives of hundreds of stu-dents. Personally, she has had an undeni-ably positive impact on my family, teaching my three children, Harper, Bobby, and Honor. Each is better off because of her guidance and teaching. Our family and community will be forever indebted to her for the kindness she has shown all of our children. Mrs. Toan always went out of her way to recognize what makes each of her stu-dents unique. She taught her students not what to think, but how to think, a skill that will be useful for the rest of their lives. Despite her career at Sears coming to an end, the lessons and memories that she has imparted upon Harper, Bobby, Honor, and all of her students will last a lifetime. Mr. Speaker, I offer my personal thanks to Mrs. Toan for all that she has done and wish her well in her re-tirement. She will be deeply missed. 
f 
PROTECTING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, in con-trast to the religious persecutions in Europe between the 16th and 19th cen-turies, America increasingly became a safe space for people to exercise their faith in accordance with their con-science. Religious freedom was woven into the fabric and constitution of our country from the beginning, and faith has played a big role in forming the character of our Nation. From efforts to abolish slavery, se-cure civil rights, and protect human life, to providing health care, food, shelter, and hope to countless millions, religious organizations have been in-dispensable to the progress we have made. Indeed, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 recognized the extraordinary con-tributions of religious organizations when it preserved their right to hire in-dividuals who shared their beliefs. Today we see clouds encroaching upon the sunshine of religious freedom and the freedom of conscience. These attempts to crush conscience must be resisted. It is conscience that convicts us of our own shortcomings, and it is that conviction that allows us to cor-rect course and to seek what is good, beautiful, and true. That is why pro-tecting religious freedom is vital. Mr. Speaker, let us together join forces against the growing intolerance that threatens it. f 
STOP GIVING GUANTANAMO PRIS-ONERS EXPENSIVE SPECIAL TREATMENT (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I had 43 students and chaperones from Washburn High School in east Tennessee as my guests at the Capitol. Among other things, I told them I was next going to a hearing about the prison in Guantanamo and that one group had estimated it was now costing us over $4 million per prisoner to keep that prison open. One of the students said, ‘‘How can I get in?’’ There are now only 80 prisoners there, and we spent $445 million to run the facility in 2015. The Washington Times reported in 2013 that we were giving these prisoners classes on com-puters, horticulture, art, and callig-raphy as well as library services, spe-cial food, and recreational facilities. We sometimes hear of country club prisons. Apparently, this should be called a resort prison. I know the Federal Government can-not do anything in a fiscally conserv-ative way, but spending $4 million per prisoner in Guantanamo is ridiculous. It costs an average of $34,000 per year per prisoner in most Federal prisons and $78,000 per year in the supermax prison. Mr. Speaker, we should stop giving these terrorists such ridiculously ex-pensive special treatment and send all 80 to the worst, most dangerous prison in the U.S. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HON-ORABLE TED S. YOHO, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable T
EDS. Y
OHO, Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 25, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena, issued by the Circuit Court in and for Dixie County, Flor-ida, Criminal Division, for testimony in a criminal case. After consultation with the Office of Gen-eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is not consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, T
EDS. Y OHO, Member of Congress. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MOD-ERNIZATION ACT OF 2016; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5233, CLARIFYING CONGRES-SIONAL INTENT IN PROVIDING FOR DC HOME RULE ACT OF 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 27, 2016, THROUGH JUNE 6, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 744 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 744 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-55 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources; and (2) one motion to commit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. If S. 2012, as amended, is passed, then it shall be in order for the chair of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or his designee to move that the House insist on its amendment to S. 2012 and request a con-ference with the Senate thereon. S
EC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 5233) to repeal the Local Budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.011 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3106 May 25, 2016 
Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the District government and Congress in the local budget process of the District government, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform; and (2) one motion to recommit. S
EC. 4. On any legislative day during the period from May 27, 2016, through June 6, 2016— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 5. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 4 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 744 provides for the consid-eration of S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and H.R. 5233, Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. The rule provides 1 hour of debate, equally divided amongst the majority and minority members of the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce and Nat-ural Resources for S. 2012. As S. 2012, as amended, is a comprehensive compila-tion of energy legislation that has al-ready passed the House, the Committee on Rules made no further amendments in order. However, the rule affords the minority the customary motion to re-commit, a final opportunity to amend the legislation should the minority choose to exercise that option. The rule further provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the majority and minority of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform on H.R. 5233. No amendments were made in order as the bill is a tar-geted response to what Members of the House have perceived as an unlawful action taken by the District of Colum-bia in contravention of the Federal Home Rule Act. The minority is, how-ever, afforded the customary motion to recommit, a final chance to amend the legislation. Finally, the rule contains the stand-ard tools to allow the orderly manage-ment of the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives during an upcoming dis-trict work period. The House amendment to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, builds on the work of the House. The House has done this work over the past year and a half to update the Na-tion’s energy laws and move the coun-try forward on energy policy. The bills included in this package include work from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Agriculture Com-mittee, Committee on Natural Re-sources, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. While many House committees have had input on this package, Members can feel comfortable that a wide array of opinions and positions are rep-resented in the legislation. This is how the House works its will most effec-tively, by combining various pieces of legislation into one package. In amending S. 2012, the Senate passed energy legislation. Following passage of S. 2012 in the House, both bodies will be able to begin to con-ference the differences in the two bills, a further step in the regular order of this bill becoming a law. The legislation will benefit Ameri-cans across the country: modernizing our energy infrastructure; expediting and improving forest management; pro-viding for greater opportunities on Federal lands for hunting, fishing, and shooting; and prioritizing science re-search using Federal taxpayer dollars. S. 2012, as amended, includes various pieces of legislation considered and passed by the House not only in the current 114th Congress, but it also in-cludes many pieces of bipartisan legis-lation from the 112th and 113th Con-gresses. A major win for the American people in this package is the provisions allow-ing for expanded access by sportsmen, fishermen, and recreational shooters to Federal lands, lands that should have always been accessible to all Ameri-cans for various legal and constitu-tional activities. Further, the legislation before us fo-cuses on protecting American interests in a world where uncertainty due to terrorism and unfriendly and unstable regimes in the Middle East threaten American access to reliable sources of energy. We have long believed that America should focus less on relying on foreign energy sources, given the abun-dance of resources below our very feet across this Nation. Only if Federal policies are aligned with this view, which the House will do with this pack-age, can our country fully focus on be-coming energy secure. The second piece of legislation con-tained in today’s rule addresses the House concerns with recent actions taken by the District of Columbia’s Mayor and City Council. H.R. 5233, Clarifying Congressional Intent in Pro-viding for DC Home Rule Act of 2016, repeals the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, a referendum passed in the District of Columbia, which many believe violates both the U.S. Constitution and the Federal Home Rule Act. When the Founding Fathers crafted our Constitution, they acknowledged the special status that the Nation’s Capital held and created a special rela-tionship between it and the Federal Government not enjoyed by other States and other localities. While some argue that the District of Columbia should be entirely self-gov-erned, that is not how our Constitution treats the Federal city. Article I, sec-tion 8, clause 17 states that the Con-gress of the United States shall have the power—I am quoting from the Con-stitution here—‘‘to exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards and other needful Buildings.’’ b1230 The District of Columbia, falling squarely within the parameters of this clause, is, therefore, subject to Con-gress’ exclusive exercise over its laws. I have no doubt that a strong debate will surround the consideration of H.R. 5233, as we heard in the Committee on Rules last night, but Congress would be relinquishing its duty under the United States Constitution to oversee the gov-ernance of the Nation’s Capital. Today’s rule will allow the House to complete the final two pieces of legis-lation for the month of May, a month where the House of Representatives has passed legislation to provide funding for our military bases, funding for our veterans, funding for energy and water policies; to provide new authorities and funding to combat the growing threat of the Zika virus; to update our Na-tion’s chemical laws; to provide help to those in this country facing opioid ad-dictions; and to provide tools to our Nation’s armed services necessary to keep our citizens safe from the growing threat of terrorism. It has been one of the most productive months of the year for the House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose the rule which joins two disparate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.004 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3107 May 25, 2016 
issues. The first, District of Columbia budget autonomy. The second, pur-suing an energy bill that prioritizes an outdated energy policy. First, D.C. budget autonomy. Mr. Speaker, Congress sits in the District of Columbia, and our presence looms far beyond the footprint of the build-ings. Congress has mandated that the government of the District of Columbia pass every budget plan—every spending plan down to the penny of their own money that they raise—through Con-gress. But in 2012, the District of Columbia exerted its own authority and passed the Local Budget Autonomy Amend-ment Act of 2012 and essentially said: We will allocate our own local funds ourselves unless Congress overrides our plan, and we will only ask permission beforehand when we spend money that comes from the Federal Treasury. The bill before us, H.R. 5233, would repeal the District’s local law, keep the District of Columbia from spending its own money on local services, and pro-hibit the District from granting itself budget autonomy in the future. For far too long, the residents of the District have paid their fair share of taxes and have not had full representa-tion in Congress. The District sends young people off to war, but doesn’t have an equal voice in either going to war or how the country is governed. In fact, it reminds me a lot of a planta-tion. Subjecting the District to the lengthy and uncertain congressional appropriations process for its own use of their local tax collection imposes operational and financial hardships for the District, burdens not borne by any other local government in the country. In addition to that, it is more expen-sive to them. It defies reason that the House ma-jority would continue this overreach, and I urge each considerate Republican to rethink their position. In fact, there are some key Republicans who do sup-port the District’s budget autonomy. The Oversight and Government Reform Committee’s last four chairmen—in-cluding Republicans Tom Davis and D
ARRELL ISSA—worked to give D.C. budget autonomy. I urge my Repub-lican colleagues to follow suit. Second, the rule would allow the House to replace the text of the Sen-ate’s bipartisan energy reform legisla-tion with the House’s partisan energy bill. Time and again, we have seen the Senate come to a reasonable, bipar-tisan compromise, but the House chases a partisan agenda and derails the legislative process every time. The House proposal encourages an outdated energy policy that favors fos-sil fuels above the clean and renewable energy sources, and it seeks to roll back important environmental protec-tions. The majority’s insistence on ne-gating environmental protections and doubling down on their attacks on en-vironmental laws is a troubling waste of time. Nevertheless, Democrats will fight to protect the environment and precious natural resources. The bill locks in fossil fuel consump-tion for years to come by repealing current law aimed at reducing the gov-ernment’s carbon footprint. It also puts up barriers to the integration of clean, renewable energy technologies, all while rolling back the energy effi-ciency standards. In the past, effi-ciency standards were an area of bipar-tisan compromise. Not anymore. Americans cannot afford the Repub-lican majority’s head-in-the-sand ap-proach to climate change and energy consumption. In fact, I understand that the presumed Presidential candidate of the Republican Party had applied to build a wall on one of his foreign golf courses, blaming climate change for the erosion. So if he believes it in a for-eign country, I certainly hope he will think about believing it here. I urge my colleagues to work toward an all-of-the-above strategy that will modernize our Nation’s energy infra-structure in a way that addresses cli-mate change, promotes clean energy, drives innovation, and ensures a clean-er, more stable environment for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. I would remind the House that this energy legislation has worked its way through the House for the last 18 months; and, indeed, the two previous Congresses, multiple committees have had input on this. It has been one of the most thoroughly vetted pieces of legislation. I cannot tell you the num-ber of hearings, the number of markups that I have sat through in the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. It has had similar treatment over in the Senate. The concept of getting this bill through the House, going to conference with the Senate, this is a good product and is worthy of the support of this body. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), a hardworking Member who represents 700,000 people who have no say because this body decides every-thing that they do. As I pointed out be-fore, they pay their taxes and they send their children off to war, but she cannot vote in this House in any way to affect anything. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank my good friend from New York State for the way she has al-ways understood and championed with respect to the District of Columbia, which also happens to be the capital of the United States. But, as she said, it is more than the Capitol and this build-ing. It is where almost 700,000 Ameri-cans live. Mr. Speaker, I must strongly oppose that portion of the bill providing for consideration of H.R. 5233. Understand the spectacle we have ongoing here. A strong Republican House is actively sponsoring a bill that repeals a local law, a local law that in this case au-thorizes the District of Columbia gov-ernment to spend its own local funds without congressional approval. Who do the Republicans think they are, that the people I represent should ask for their approval to spend, and to process funds that they had nothing to do with raising? Understand, no Federal funds are in-volved, not one penny, but those pen-nies, over $7 billion—and I want people who come to the floor to tell me if their State raises $7 billion on its own. Over $7 billion. These are our pennies. Not a cent of Federal money is even implicated. Let’s go back to Republican prin-ciples to understand what is happening on this floor today because it is going to happen twice. My Republican friends propose in this rule—these are the same friends who despise the Federal reach, despise it so much that every year they try to give back what have long been Federal matters to the States, like the Department of Edu-cation. Need I go through the laundry list? The one thing they stand for in this Congress and have stood for throughout human time is that they prefer that power over the people be ex-ercised at the State and local level. That is what they stand for. There are not many things that you can say a particular party stands for. Local con-trol is certainly their cardinal prin-ciple. But look what they are doing this afternoon. They are doubling down. That is not just a matter of emphasis. That means double bills. They are dou-bling down to use the awesome power of the Federal Government against a local district. If you will excuse me, I regard that as very un-Republican. We are talking about two provi-sions—not just the rule before us—that use identical language, as if to say, you know, we really mean it, District of Columbia, because we are going to do it twice. We want to be doubly sure that we keep this local district from enforc-ing its own local budget. So what is the point of this bill if they are doing it twice? This bill is a pretense. It is solely de-signed to lay the predicate for another action that has occurred this very morning in the Committee on Appro-priations. How coincidental. I sat through a Committee on Appropria-tions markup where a rider, using the very same language that is proposed through this rule, and that rider was indeed passed by the House appropria-tions subcommittee. Heavens. I wonder if in the history of the House of Representatives we have ever had this Congress or the Congress of the United States to be so threat-ened by what a local jurisdiction would do that it proposes not one bill, but two, to keep that local jurisdiction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.015 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3108 May 25, 2016 
from proceeding. We are not seceding from the United States. We are simply trying to spend our own money. So here we have a bill twice over be-cause the—appropriations bill contains the same language, understand, despite another of their rules that prohibits legislating on an appropriations bill. The Republican leadership included the text of H.R. 5233 in the appropriations bill for what appears to be a very good reason. They recognize that that is the only chance they have of enacting the text of the rule before you, and that is to do so in an appropriations bill. So they are doing it twice for good meas-ure, but the only way it is going to pass is attaching it to some must-pass bill. The Senate—and I say this on this floor—does not have the votes to pass H.R. 5233 itself. And even if it did, the President of the United States, who has long supported budget autonomy, put it in his own budgets, has said he would veto it. The Executive State-ment of Administration Policy that came out yesterday indicated so. This may be news to some Members of this body, but I am the only Member of Congress who was elected by the al-most 700,000 American citizens who live in the District of Columbia, and my constituents are the only American citizens who are affected by this bill. You might be able to understand the anger of my constituents if you knew these numbers. The people I represent pay more taxes than 22 States pay. Or you want another one that would make you understand the anger of my constituents? They are number one per capita in the Federal taxes paid to support their homeland, highest taxes per capita in the United States. And yet this very day, twice—first with respect to this rule, then with respect to the bill— every single Member of Congress will get a vote on this bill solely concerning the District of Columbia except the Member of Congress who represents the District of Columbia and is elected to represent them. b1245 If you have never felt like a despot before, I hope that side of the aisle un-derstands how it feels and what it looks like. The Republican leadership has claimed that it is committed to letting the House work its will on legislation. However, yesterday, the Rules Com-mittee, on a party-line vote, prevented me from offering my amendment to this bill to the House floor. What are you afraid of, if my amendment comes to the House floor that says, ‘‘Con-gress, you do it; you grant D.C. budget autonomy’’? Are you afraid you can’t do it? Sure you can do it. Or, at least let us do it. Give D.C. some respect. My amendment was the only chance for D.C. residents to have a say on the bill during floor consideration. So even though you could have, obviously, and would have defeated my amendment to say, ‘‘You do it, you grant us budget autonomy,’’ what in the world kept you from allowing us the respect of bringing that amendment to counter what you are doing today, particularly knowing that we can’t counter what you are doing today? My amendment, of course, would have called the question on whether Members support or oppose local con-trol of local jurisdictions over their own budget. Do Members oppose budget autonomy because the District initi-ated it? Or do they actually want to toss their own local control principles out of the Capitol window through a vote requiring Federal approval of local funds? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 3 minutes. Ms. NORTON. My amendment would have made the text of D.C.’s Local Budget Autonomy Act Federal law. It would have simply said, look, if you don’t like what the District did, you do it. We would have lost. But you would at least have given to us the respect that we are entitled to as American citizens—afraid even to do that. The Local Budget Autonomy Act is already law. The District government has begun to implement it, and I ap-plaud them for doing so. When you are up against a despotic House of Rep-resentatives, the only way to proceed in a democracy is to move on your own, or else they will say: See, we waited them out and there is nothing they can do. There is only one of them against all of us. Only one court opinion has, in fact, upheld the Budget Autonomy Act, though the good Member on the other side implied that this was a lawless act. Well, let me tell you what the court said, without going through all of it: 
Forthwith, enforce all provisions of the Local Budget Autonomy Act of 2012. 
That is the law. Who is being lawless, who is being unprincipled is any major-ity that would want to be involved with the local funds of any American jurisdiction. When Members cast their vote today on the bill, they will be voting on a bill to require Congress to approve a local budget. How un-Republican. And worse, undemocratic. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the Founders recog-nized that, within the District of Co-lumbia, this was a unique entity. But Congress, in its benevolence, granted the District of Columbia limited auton-omy in the Home Rule Act of 1973. That autonomy did not extend as far as what the current Mayor and city council en-visioned it to. The Home Rule Act maintained the role of the Federal Government in the District’s budget process; and, indeed, the Federal Government has had to step in as late as the 1990s because the District had so mismanaged its fi-nances. Then, the District of Columbia Fi-nancial Control Board had to be insti-tuted in order to correct the many fi-nancial disasters that the District of Columbia government had created for itself. Congress gave the board the power to override the D.C. government where it saw fit. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, where this bill originated. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his elo-quent words. As we look at this particular bill, there is a lot that has been said about what home rule is and what it is not. There is a lot that has been said about what the law is and what it is not, and yet it is undeniable that the Constitu-tion actually reserved for this es-teemed body the power to legislate over all affairs within the District, going back to Article I, section 8 of our Constitution. And yet in 1973, Mr. Speaker, this body took on a law, debated it in both the House and the Senate, to actually take some of those authorities granted by the Constitution and allow the Dis-trict to actually put forth laws with re-gard to local issues. Now, specifically reserved in that 1973 law was the whole issue of the budget and appropriations. As we start-ed to look at this particular function— my good friend, the Delegate from the District, obviously has talked very se-riously about the law. Well, the law was very clear in 1973 on what we passed. Actually, Charles Diggs—Chairman Diggs—had what they called the Diggs Compromise that specifically was spelled out in a dear colleague letter on the fact that budg-etary control would remain with this body and, indeed, with the appropri-ators. Yet somehow we see a decision by a superior court as having the effect of law? Well, we know from our civics class that it is this body that is putting forth Federal law. It cannot be a local jurisdiction that comes in and usurps the power of the Federal law with its local mandates. So, Mr. Speaker, while my good friend and I will disagree perhaps on a number of issues, what we should agree on is the fact that the Constitution re-served this right for Congress. The Constitution and, indeed, those rel-egated and delegated powers in 1973 were specific in keeping the appropria-tions and budgetary process within this body. To ignore that would be, hon-estly, ignoring the debate that hap-pened then, debate that happens now, and sworn testimony in hearings that, indeed, those who crafted this par-ticular law are all in agreement that this was the intent of Congress. So, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to not only support this, but reaffirm the role that Congress has and make sure that we keep it within this body. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.054 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3109 May 25, 2016 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New York has 13 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 18
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). Ms. NORTON. My good friend Mr. M
EADOWS speaks as if he didn’t speak up for the Congress of the United States with its awesome power, then Congress would be stripped of its power by the District of Columbia—please. If there is any concern here about this bill, the one thing my good friend should not do is to base it on what law-yers say. The latest and most defini-tive, on what lawyers say is a court of law. I want to indicate what happened, be-cause the matter was first in the Fed-eral district court, then appealed to the Federal court of appeals. The Fed-eral court of appeals heard oral argu-ment and received briefs. It looked at this—and we don’t know why—but they sent it to a local D.C. court. That court heard at every single ar-gument Mr. M
EADOWS has raised and found for the District of Columbia. And that is the definitive word on the law, unless what he is saying is: Je suis the law, or, I am the law. Well, maybe you are, but you are the kind of law that led the Framers to rebel against Eng-land. No respect for local law. You speak of the Diggs Compromise. What you didn’t say is that some com-promise had to be reached because the Senate, in its home rule bill, gave the district control over its local budget. So what we say, what our lawyers say, is that compromise did leave some room in the charter—which does not specifically say that budget autonomy is denied to the District; and they could have said it, but they didn’t—and the compromise was to leave some room at such point as it became rel-evant to step up and claim the right to process and enforce their own local budget. My good friend managing the bill on that side dares reach back to the 1990s. Yes, the District got into trouble. My congratulations to the District of Co-lumbia as the only city which, for 200 years, carried State functions. And yes, in the 1990s, it became too much; and yes, the city had a serious financial crisis. So if you want to go back two dec-ades, also come forward, because at this time, the District has perhaps the strongest economy in the United States of America. How many of you have surpluses? How many of you have anything to brag about in terms of the economy of your district? Have you looked at what is hap-pening in the District of Columbia? You can see the building going on. You can see the increase in our population. So yes, we have had hard times, and I am sure you have, but I am sure that there was a whole lot less reason for your hard times than for ours. I am asking you to think about your own principles of local control and try to justify taking local control from the District, but particularly to justify taking local control over our own money. That is what the Framers went to war about. Somebody somewhere was trying to tell them about taxes having to do with their own local funds. I don’t know if that spirit still lives on that side of the aisle, but it still lives in the District of Columbia. This is our money. We are going to keep going at it until you have nothing to say about funds raised in a jurisdiction not your own. My constituents cannot hold you accountable because they can-not vote for you. Well, sir, they have voted for me; and what I say today represents what they believe and what they will never give up, and that is the right to control their own local laws and, and above all, their own local funds raised from their own local taxpayers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. b1300 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). Mr. MEADOWS. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, indeed, the delegate op-posite is my friend. She serves her con-stituency well. Her impassioned plea on behalf of her constituents is not only recognized this day, but each and every day in this body. This particular debate is not over what is believed to be right or wrong. It is over the rule of law. Indeed, the argument was made by the gentleman from Georgia yesterday that this is a matter of law, not on the merits of what is right or what is wrong from a standpoint of budget autonomy. But I would also refer, Mr. Speaker, to the argument that would suggest that everything is great here in Wash-ington, D.C., in terms of the budget. If that indeed is the case that is being ar-gued here today, you can’t have it both ways, because the status quo today has been one that truly has the authority rested and vested here in this esteemed body. So to suggest that things are less than perfect, I am not here to do that. But if indeed everything is turning up roses today, it is the status quo that has indeed preserved that. So I would suggest that, as we start to look at this, it is a fundamental question: Are we going to uphold the rule of law? The rule of law here is very clear. In fact, the debates back in 1973 talked about that all we wanted was some of the local control over our local govern-ment. And as that debate went on, there was indeed, as my good friend mentioned, in the Senate the desire to give budget autonomy to the district. Yet, as we know from our civics class, it takes both the Senate and the House and the President to sign it into law. I would say that we need to con-tinue to support the rule of law. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up two des-perately needed pieces of legislation. The first would shed light on secret money in politics by requiring groups to disclose the source of the contribu-tions they are using to fund their cam-paign-related activities. The second would provide $600 million in funding to combat the growing opioid epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the RECORD along with extra-neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a personal privilege and rise today with a really sad heart and take a moment to mark what is the end of an era for the Rules Com-mittee family. This is Miles Lackey’s last week as the staff director for the committee’s minority, and we are sad about it in-deed. The Rules Committee is a family, and the loss is personal. The Rules Committee, in my opinion, has the highest regarded staff of any-body that is on the Hill. In both the House and Senate, Miles has proved to be the gold standard for any staff wish-ing to make a contribution to the Con-gress. He has been a mentor and a colleague to anyone who asked for it. His counsel will be missed not just for the four of us on the Democratic side of the Rules Committee, but I think both staff members and all other Members alike on both sides of the aisle. Miles is a graduate of the University of North Carolina and of Yale Divinity School, and he brings a grounded, ho-listic vision of his work as a staff mem-ber, and the example has been a guid-ing force. He has the patience of Job and takes every dramatic turn of events in stride. From government shutdowns to na-tional emergencies, Miles has always known exactly what to do. As the staff director of the Rules Committee or as Senator Dodd’s chief of staff in the Senate, he made incred-ible contributions to legislation that has passed out of Congress during his tenure in both Chambers. From Dodd-Frank to the Affordable Care Act, it is clear that he dedicated his career to benefiting the American people with skill, intellect, and pa-tience. There is always one more story to tell, one more hug to linger over, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.016 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3110 May 25, 2016 
there sure is no good way to say good-bye to a trusted and cherished adviser, a colleague, and a friend. There is only the deep gratitude that we feel and the legacy of the excellence that Miles leaves. Thank you, dear friend, for every-thing. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ). Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, when you serve on the Rules Committee, you spend a lot of time dealing in acrimony at least here on the floor. When you serve on the Rules Com-mittee and your job is to get the busi-ness of the House accomplished, when we are not on the House floor, it isn’t acrimony. It may be impassioned. It may be, at times, divisive. But it is all focused on a single goal, and that is making sure that this insti-tution fulfills not just the expectations of our constituents back home, but the expectations of our framers who estab-lished it to begin with. Members of Congress come and go, Mr. Speaker, and, inevitably, what makes a Member of Congress successful is being surrounded by a team of excel-lence, a team of excellence back home in terms of bosses and constituents and a team of excellence here in Wash-ington to help make sure that all the i’s are dotted and all the t’s are crossed and that the big things get done. When Miles Lackey leaves this insti-tution, Mr. Speaker, it is going to be harder to get the big things done. It is going to be harder because the biggest commodity we have in this town is not a Member pin, is not a Member rep-resentational allowance, is not how much mail goes out the door. The most precious commodity in this town is trust, and not everybody has it. Sadly, not everybody wants it. But to do anything that is worth doing in this town, it has to be built on a foundation of trust. If you don’t have people like Miles Lackey on the other side of the aisle— I sit on this side of the aisle. He is physically sitting on that side of the aisle today not just emotionally, not just intellectually, but physically. If you don’t have folks that you can trust, you can’t begin the conversa-tions about how to make things hap-pen. There is no committee that brings more measures to the floor than the Rules Committee. That doesn’t happen by accident. It happens intentionally. It happens with good folks like Miles Lackey. There is no committee that has to deal with more contentious issues than the Rules Committee. The committees of jurisdiction have dealt with as many as they can. The hardest ones, the worst ones, end up on the Rules Com-mittee’s plate. We don’t deal with those issues successfully without the trust built by folks like Miles Lackey. Mr. Speaker, we can read the resolu-tion that the Rules Committee put out for Miles, but it is only a page long. Truthfully, it doesn’t do justice. When you lose folks who have built that trust, it takes years to find folks to re-build it. I want you to look at the folks who come to speak on Miles’ behalf today, Mr. Speaker. I want you to look at the folks who sit in Miles’ chain of com-mand. He is certainly not leaving the rank-ing member high and dry. He has trained a tremendous team of folks who are going to step up and try to fill those shoes. I came to this institution to make a difference, Mr. Speaker. I didn’t come just to make a point. Because Miles Lackey has served in this institution not for a day, not for a week, not for a month, but for decade upon decade. We have been able to make a difference. I don’t want to date Miles. He dates back not just before I got here, but be-fore my predecessor got here. He dates back before Republicans took over this institution, Mr. Speaker, and has seen the control change time and time again. Watch folks when power changes, Mr. Speaker. Watch folks when power changes in this institution. Watch whether they behave the same once they have it as they did yesterday when they didn’t. We are all in the minority at some point, Mr. Speaker. We are all in the minority at some point. The rules exist to protect the minority. Watch the folks who have the ability to use the rules. See if they treat you the same when they have the power as when they don’t. There is not going to be a man or woman who stands in this Chamber who will tell you that Miles treats you any differently when he is in as when he is out. He is an advocate for his position, but he is an institutionalist who be-lieves in all of us collectively. I thank him for his service. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD the Rules resolu-tion. 
Expressing the gratitude of the Committee on Rules to Mr. Miles M. Lackey, the Com-mittee’s Democratic staff director, for his service to the Committee, the House, and the Nation on the occasion of his retirement from the House of Representatives. Whereas Mr. Miles M. Lackey has served the Nation in both the legislative and execu-tive branches over the course of nearly three decades; Whereas he has served the Committee on Rules for most of his career, first as an asso-ciate of the Rules Committee staff, then later as senior advisor to the Chair and both majority and minority staff director; Whereas during his career, he has brought competence and dignity to each office he has held; Whereas his advice and counsel are sought by both Members and staff alike; Whereas he has always endeavored to en-sure the effective operation of the Com-mittee, even when the majority and minor-ity differed on policy or process; Whereas his good humor and steady de-meanor will be missed: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Committee on Rules expresses its profound gratitude to Mr. Miles M. Lackey for his exemplary service; and (2) the clerk of the Committee is hereby di-rected to prepare this resolution in a manner suitable for presentation to Mr. Lackey. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), a member of the Rules Committee. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking mem-ber of the Rules Committee for yield-ing me the time, and I join with her in expressing my admiration and my re-spect for Miles Lackey. I have known Miles for many, many years. We both served as staff members up here when I first came to the Hill. I have known him in his capacity when he worked with Tony Beilinson and Ted Weiss and Chris Dodd and John Edwards in the Rules Committee and I guess a thousand other things he did up here. I always admired his intellect and his dedication. Mr. Speaker, Miles Lackey is a good man. He is a very, very good man. That is an important quality for people who serve up here, whether as Members of Congress or as staff members, that they are good people. Miles always put the interests of the people of this country first, and always the most vulnerable were at the top of his list. No matter what we talk about in the Rules Committee, he always talks about how it is going to impact people who are struggling in this coun-try. I just want to say that I have ad-mired Miles’ dedication to this coun-try. I have admired his intellect. I have admired his compassion. We are going to miss him greatly. He has taught me a lot. I know he has taught a lot of people on the Rules Committee and other staffers and Members a lot as well. But he is a unique individual in that everybody loves him. I joked last night in the Rules Com-mittee that I appreciated the fact that Miles was the inspiration for a resolu-tion in the Rules Committee that Democrats and Republicans could sup-port because very rarely do we have resolutions that we support in a bipar-tisan way. So I am grateful to Miles, and I join with everybody here when I say we are going to miss him. I will just conclude with this. I have had the privilege of serving with some great Members of the House and great Members who have served as staffers up here. Miles is at the top of that list. He is a great human being and a great public servant. We are all here, in a bipartisan way, to express our admiration, our deep affection, and our respect for him. We wish him well. And, Miles, we will be calling you often, so be prepared. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.017 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3111 May 25, 2016 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and ‘‘no’’ on the rule that joins two unrelated measures, first, to continue the House majority’s overreach into the District of Colum-bia’s local budgetary affairs; second, to double down on an outdated energy policy and pursue a partisan path in-stead of the bipartisan Senate plan. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I pointed out in the statement I gave at the beginning of this hour, just reflecting back on the month of May, a month where the House of Representatives passed legis-lation funding our military bases, fund-ing our veterans, funding energy and water policies, providing new authori-ties to combat the growing threat of the Zika virus, we updated our Na-tion’s chemical laws for the first time in 40 years, we provided help to people in this country facing opiate addic-tions, we provided pay and benefits to our military, we provided the tools to our armed services necessary to keep our citizens safe from the growing threat of terrorism, it has been a sig-nificant month in the United States House of Representatives. Oftentimes we don’t reflect back on what has been accomplished. So this is a good oppor-tunity to do that. b1315 Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides for consideration of two important bills to update our Nation’s energy policies and address the constitutional deficiencies in recent District of Co-lumbia Council actions. I want to thank the many Members of the House on both sides who contrib-uted to the underlying pieces of legis-lation, which will be considered today following the passage of today’s rule. Finally, I do want to join my col-leagues—I am probably the most recent addition to the House Rules Com-mittee, but I certainly have been there long enough to appreciate the wise counsel and guidance of Miles Lackey and certainly wish him well in his fu-ture endeavors and pray for his suc-cessor. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 744 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 6. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 430) to amend the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971 to pro-vide for additional disclosure requirements for corporations, labor organizations, and other entities, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and rank-ing minority members of the Committees on House Administration, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 7. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H. R. 430. S
EC8. Immediately after the disposition of H.R. 430 the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5189) to address the opioid abuse crisis. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided among and controlled by the re-spective chairs and ranking minority mem-bers of the Committees on Energy and Com-merce and the Judiciary. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Com-mittee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 9. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 5189. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution. . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 239, nays 176, not voting 18, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:27 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.019 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3112 May 25, 2016 
[Roll No. 239] YEAS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—176 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOT VOTING—18 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Miller (FL) Norcross O’Rourke Rice (NY) Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Speier Takai Whitfield Yarmuth 
b1336 Mr. POE of Texas changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, due to being unavoidably detained, I missed the fol-lowing rollcall Vote: No. 239 on May 25, 2016. If present, I would have voted: Rollcall Vote No. 239—On Ordering the Pre-vious Question, ‘‘aye’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 171, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 240] YEAS—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—171 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.007 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3113 May 25, 2016 
Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—20 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Cramer DeGette Fattah Fincher Granger Green, Gene Hanna Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson (GA) Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Peters Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
b1342 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: Rollcall No. 240, ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Chair, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: Rollcall No. 240, ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 743 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5055. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b1344 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, May 24, 2016, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), had been postponed and the bill had been read through page 80, line 12. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment by Mr. C
LAWSON of Flor-ida. Amendment by Mr. M
CNERNEY of California. Amendment by Mr. G
RIFFITH of Vir-ginia. Amendment by Mr. B
UCKof Colorado. Amendment by Mr. P
OLIS of Colo-rado. Amendment by Mr. P
OLIS of Colo-rado. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CLAWSON OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 143, noes 275, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 241] AYES—143 
Amash Amodei Ashford Barletta Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Blum Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Burgess Bustos Byrne Capuano Carney Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cohen Collins (GA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Esty Farenthold Frankel (FL) Gabbard Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (GA) Grayson Griffith Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kirkpatrick LaHood Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Sean McDermott Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Nugent Pascrell Perry Peterson Poliquin Polis Posey Reed Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Schakowsky Schweikert Sessions Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Vargas Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Yoho Young (AK) Zinke NOES—275 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bost Boustany Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Butterfield Calvert Capps Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Dent DesJarlais Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kind King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis LoBiondo Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.009 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3114 May 25, 2016 
Shuster Simpson Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stewart Stivers Thompson (CA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—15 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Kinzinger (IL) Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1348 Messrs. GARRETT and BARR changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 169, noes 247, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 242] AYES—169 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOES—247 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—17 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Graves (LA) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1352 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIF-
FITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 236, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 243] AYES—182 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.012 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3115 May 25, 2016 
Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—236 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Richmond Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yoder Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—15 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Ellison Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1357 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. COLE changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 80, noes 339, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 244] AYES—80 
Amash Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Grothman Harris Hensarling Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Knight LaMalfa Love Massie McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Olson Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rouzer Royce Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Stewart Stutzman Walberg Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Woodall Yoho Young (IN) 
NOES—339 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.014 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3116 May 25, 2016 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1401 Messrs. FORBES and WITTMAN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 167, noes 251, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 245] AYES—167 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOES—251 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—15 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Webster (FL) Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1405 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 144, noes 275, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 246] AYES—144 
Adams Aguilar Amash Becerra Bera Beyer Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capps Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cohen Connolly Crowley Culberson Cummings Delaney DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Foxx Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gosar Graham Grayson Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Honda Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Knight Kuster Labrador Lance Langevin Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McDermott McGovern Meadows Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Pallone Palmer Peters Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.015 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3117 May 25, 2016 
Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Serrano Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Titus Tonko Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Walker Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Woodall Young (IN) 
NOES—275 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hill Hinojosa Hoyer Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1410 Mr. LEVIN changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. BECERRA, JODY B. HICE of Georgia, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. NEAL, Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. BLUMENAUER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, on rollcall vote: No. 246, Second Polis of Colorado Amendment, on May 25, 2016. I inadvertently voted ‘‘nay,’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I intended to vote the following ways on the measures listed below on Wednesday, May 25, 2016. 1. ‘‘Yes’’ on Agreeing to the First Polis of Colorado Amendment to H.R. 5055. 2. ‘‘No’’ on Agreeing to the Second Polis of Colorado Amendment to H.R. 5055. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5055) making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO COM-MIT ON S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to commit on S. 2012 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. 
f 
b1415 ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 744, I call up the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 744, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–55 is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: S. 2012 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘North American Energy Security and In-frastructure Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. DIVISION A—NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE Sec. 1. Short title. TITLE I—MODERNIZING AND PROTECTING INFRASTRUCTURE Subtitle A—Energy Delivery, Reliability, and Security Sec. 1101. FERC process coordination. Sec. 1102. Resolving environmental and grid re-liability conflicts. Sec. 1103. Emergency preparedness for energy supply disruptions. Sec. 1104. Critical electric infrastructure secu-rity. Sec. 1105. Strategic Transformer Reserve. Sec. 1106. Cyber Sense. Sec. 1107. State coverage and consideration of PURPA standards for electric utilities. Sec. 1108. Reliability analysis for certain rules that affect electric generating fa-cilities. Sec. 1109. Increased accountability with respect to carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration projects. Sec. 1110. Reliability and performance assur-ance in Regional Transmission Organizations. Sec. 1111. Ethane storage study. Sec. 1112. Statement of policy on grid mod-ernization. Sec. 1113. Grid resilience report. Sec. 1114. GAO report on improving National Response Center. Sec. 1115. Designation of National Energy Secu-rity Corridors on Federal lands. Sec. 1116. Vegetation management, facility in-spection, and operation and main-tenance on Federal lands con-taining electric transmission and distribution facilities. Subtitle B—Hydropower Regulatory Modernization Sec. 1201. Protection of private property rights in hydropower licensing. Sec. 1202. Extension of time for FERC project involving W. Kerr Scott Dam. Sec. 1203. Hydropower licensing and process im-provements. Sec. 1204. Judicial review of delayed Federal authorizations. Sec. 1205. Licensing study improvements. Sec. 1206. Closed-loop pumped storage projects. Sec. 1207. License amendment improvements. Sec. 1208. Promoting hydropower development at existing nonpowered dams. TITLE II—ENERGY SECURITY AND DIPLOMACY Sec. 2001. Sense of Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:27 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.017 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3118 May 25, 2016 
Sec. 2002. Energy security valuation. Sec. 2003. North American energy security plan. Sec. 2004. Collective energy security. Sec. 2005. Authorization to export natural gas. Sec. 2006. Environmental review for energy ex-port facilities. Sec. 2007. Authorization of cross-border infra-structure projects. Sec. 2008. Report on smart meter security con-cerns. TITLE III—ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY Subtitle A—Energy Efficiency C
HAPTER 1—F EDERAL AGENCY ENERGY  E
FFICIENCY  Sec. 3111. Energy-efficient and energy-saving information technologies. Sec. 3112. Energy efficient data centers. Sec. 3113. Report on energy and water savings potential from thermal insulation. Sec. 3114. Battery storage report. Sec. 3115. Federal purchase requirement. Sec. 3116. Energy performance requirement for Federal buildings. Sec. 3117. Federal building energy efficiency performance standards; certifi-cation system and level for Fed-eral buildings. Sec. 3118. Operation of battery recharging sta-tions in parking areas used by Federal employees. Sec. 3119. Report on energy savings and green-house gas emissions reduction from conversion of captured meth-ane to energy. C
HAPTER 2—E NERGY EFFICIENT TECHNOLOGY  
ANDMANUFACTURING  Sec. 3121. Inclusion of Smart Grid capability on Energy Guide labels. Sec. 3122. Voluntary verification programs for air conditioning, furnace, boiler, heat pump, and water heater products. Sec. 3123. Facilitating consensus furnace stand-ards. Sec. 3124. No warranty for certain certified En-ergy Star products. Sec. 3125. Clarification to effective date for re-gional standards. Sec. 3126. Internet of Things report. Sec. 3127. Energy savings from lubricating oil. Sec. 3128. Definition of external power supply. Sec. 3129. Standards for power supply circuits connected to LEDs or OLEDs. C
HAPTER 3—S CHOOL BUILDINGS  Sec. 3131. Coordination of energy retrofitting assistance for schools. C
HAPTER 4—B UILDING ENERGY CODES Sec. 3141. Greater energy efficiency in building codes. Sec. 3142. Voluntary nature of building asset rating program. C
HAPTER 5—EPCA T ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS AND  C
LARIFICATIONS  Sec. 3151. Modifying product definitions. Sec. 3152. Clarifying rulemaking procedures. C
HAPTER 6—E NERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY  Sec. 3161. Smart energy and water efficiency pilot program. Sec. 3162. WaterSense. Subtitle B—Accountability C
HAPTER 1—M ARKET MANIPULATION , E
NFORCEMENT , ANDCOMPLIANCE  Sec. 3211. FERC Office of Compliance Assist-ance and Public Participation. C
HAPTER 2—M ARKET REFORMS  Sec. 3221. GAO study on wholesale electricity markets. Sec. 3222. Clarification of facility merger au-thorization. C
HAPTER 3—C ODEMAINTENANCE  Sec. 3231. Repeal of off-highway motor vehicles study. Sec. 3232. Repeal of methanol study. Sec. 3233. Repeal of residential energy effi-ciency standards study. Sec. 3234. Repeal of weatherization study. Sec. 3235. Repeal of report to Congress. Sec. 3236. Repeal of report by General Services Administration. Sec. 3237. Repeal of intergovernmental energy management planning and coordi-nation workshops. Sec. 3238. Repeal of Inspector General audit survey and President’s Council on Integrity and Efficiency report to Congress. Sec. 3239. Repeal of procurement and identi-fication of energy efficient prod-ucts program. Sec. 3240. Repeal of national action plan for de-mand response. Sec. 3241. Repeal of national coal policy study. Sec. 3242. Repeal of study on compliance prob-lem of small electric utility sys-tems. Sec. 3243. Repeal of study of socioeconomic im-pacts of increased coal production and other energy development. Sec. 3244. Repeal of study of the use of petro-leum and natural gas in combus-tors. Sec. 3245. Repeal of submission of reports. Sec. 3246. Repeal of electric utility conservation plan. Sec. 3247. Technical amendment to Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978. Sec. 3248. Emergency energy conservation re-peals. Sec. 3249. Repeal of State utility regulatory as-sistance. Sec. 3250. Repeal of survey of energy saving po-tential. Sec. 3251. Repeal of photovoltaic energy pro-gram. Sec. 3252. Repeal of energy auditor training and certification. CHAPTER 4—A UTHORIZATION  Sec. 3261 Authorization. TITLE IV—CHANGING CRUDE OIL MARKET CONDITIONS Sec. 4001. Findings. Sec. 4002. Repeal. Sec. 4003. National policy on oil export restric-tions. Sec. 4004. Studies. Sec. 4005. Savings clause. Sec. 4006. Partnerships with minority serving institutions. Sec. 4007. Report. Sec. 4008. Report to Congress. Sec. 4009. Prohibition on exports of crude oil, refined petroleum products, and petrochemical products to the Is-lamic Republic of Iran. TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS Sec. 5001. Assessment of regulatory require-ments. Sec. 5002. Definitions. Sec. 5003. Exclusive venue for certain civil ac-tions relating to covered energy projects. Sec. 5004. Timely filing. Sec. 5005. Expedition in hearing and deter-mining the action. Sec. 5006. Limitation on injunction and pro-spective relief. Sec. 5007. Legal standing. Sec. 5008. Study to identify legal and regu-latory barriers that delay, pro-hibit, or impede the export of nat-ural energy resources. Sec. 5009. Study of volatility of crude oil. Sec. 5010. Smart meter privacy rights. Sec. 5011. Youth energy enterprise competition. Sec. 5012. Modernization of terms relating to minorities. Sec. 5013. Voluntary vegetation management outside rights-of-way. Sec. 5014. Repeal of rule for new residential wood heaters. TITLE VI—PROMOTING RENEWABLE ENERGY WITH SHARED SOLAR Sec. 6001. Short title. Sec. 6002. Provision of interconnection service and net billing service for commu-nity solar facilities. TITLE VII—MARINE HYDROKINETIC Sec. 7001. Definition of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy. Sec. 7002. Marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy research and development. Sec. 7003. National Marine Renewable Energy Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Centers. Sec. 7004. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE VIII—EXTENSIONS OF TIME FOR VARIOUS FEDERAL ENERGY REGU-LATORY COMMISSION PROJECTS Sec. 8001. Extension of time for Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project in-volving Clark Canyon Dam. Sec. 8002. Extension of time for Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project in-volving Gibson Dam. Sec. 8003. Extension of time for Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project in-volving Jennings Randolph Dam. Sec. 8004. Extension of time for Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project in-volving Cannonsville Dam. Sec. 8005. Extension of time for Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project in-volving Gathright Dam. Sec. 8006. Extension of time for Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project in-volving Flannagan Dam. TITLE IX—ENERGY AND MANUFACTURING WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT Sec. 9001. Energy and manufacturing workforce development. Sec. 9002. Report. Sec. 9003. Use of existing funds. DIVISION B—RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—EXPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Analysis of only two alternatives (ac-tion versus no action) in proposed collaborative forest management activities. Sec. 102. Categorical exclusion to expedite cer-tain critical response actions. Sec. 103. Categorical exclusion to expedite sal-vage operations in response to catastrophic events. Sec. 104. Categorical exclusion to meet forest plan goals for early successional forests. Sec. 105. Clarification of existing categorical ex-clusion authority related to insect and disease infestation. Sec. 106. Categorical exclusion to improve, re-store, and reduce the risk of wild-fire. Sec. 107. Compliance with forest plan. TITLE II—SALVAGE AND REFORESTATION IN RESPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS Sec. 201. Expedited salvage operations and re-forestation activities following large-scale catastrophic events. Sec. 202. Compliance with forest plan. Sec. 203. Prohibition on restraining orders, pre-liminary injunctions, and injunc-tions pending appeal. Sec. 204. Exclusion of certain lands. TITLE III—COLLABORATIVE PROJECT LITIGATION REQUIREMENT Sec. 301. Definitions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3119 May 25, 2016 
Sec. 302. Bond requirement as part of legal challenge of certain forest man-agement activities. TITLE IV—SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF-DETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS Sec. 401. Use of reserved funds for title II projects on Federal land and cer-tain non-Federal land. Sec. 402. Resource advisory committees. Sec. 403. Program for title II self-sustaining re-source advisory committee projects. Sec. 404. Additional authorized use of reserved funds for title III county projects. Sec. 405. Treatment as supplemental funding. TITLE V—STEWARDSHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING Sec. 501. Cancellation ceilings for stewardship end result contracting projects. Sec. 502. Excess offset value. Sec. 503. Payment of portion of stewardship project revenues to county in which stewardship project occurs. Sec. 504. Submission of existing annual report. Sec. 505. Fire liability provision. TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL FUNDING SOURCES FOR FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES Sec. 601. Definitions. Sec. 602. Availability of stewardship project revenues and Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund to cover forest management activity planning costs. Sec. 603. State-supported planning of forest management activities. TITLE VII—TRIBAL FORESTRY PARTICIPATION AND PROTECTION Sec. 701. Protection of tribal forest assets through use of stewardship end result contracting and other au-thorities. Sec. 702. Management of Indian forest land au-thorized to include related Na-tional Forest System lands and public lands. Sec. 703. Tribal forest management demonstra-tion project. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS FOREST MANAGEMENT PROVISIONS Sec. 801. Balancing short- and long-term effects of forest management activities in considering injunctive relief. Sec. 802. Conditions on Forest Service road de-commissioning. Sec. 803. Prohibition on application of Eastside Screens requirements on National Forest System lands. Sec. 804. Use of site-specific forest plan amend-ments for certain projects and ac-tivities. Sec. 805. Knutson-Vandenberg Act modifica-tions. Sec. 806. Exclusion of certain National Forest System lands and public lands. Sec. 807. Application of Northwest Forest Plan Survey and Manage Mitigation Measure Standard and Guide-lines. Sec. 808. Management of Bureau of Land Man-agement lands in western Oregon. Sec. 809. Bureau of Land Management resource management plans. Sec. 810. Landscape-scale forest restoration project. TITLE IX—MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND Sec. 901. Wildfire on Federal lands. Sec. 902. Declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands. Sec. 903. Prohibition on transfers. DIVISION C—NATURAL RESOURCES TITLE I—WESTERN WATER AND AMERICAN FOOD SECURITY ACT Sec. 1001. Short title. Sec. 1002. Findings. Sec. 1003. Definitions. Subtitle A—ADJUSTING DELTA SMELT MAN-AGEMENT BASED ON INCREASED REAL- TIME MONITORING AND UPDATED SCIENCE Sec. 1011. Definitions. Sec. 1012. Revise incidental take level calcula-tion for delta smelt to reflect new science. Sec. 1013. Factoring increased real-time moni-toring and updated science into Delta smelt management. Subtitle B—ENSURING SALMONID MANAGE-MENT IS RESPONSIVE TO NEW SCIENCE Sec. 1021. Definitions. Sec. 1022. Process for ensuring salmonid man-agement is responsive to new science. Sec. 1023. Non-Federal program to protect na-tive anadromous fish in the Stanislaus River. Sec. 1024. Pilot projects to implement CALFED invasive species program. Subtitle C—OPERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY AND DROUGHT RELIEF Sec. 1031. Definitions. Sec. 1032. Operational flexibility in times of drought. Sec. 1033. Operation of cross-channel gates. Sec. 1034. Flexibility for export/inflow ratio. Sec. 1035. Emergency environmental reviews. Sec. 1036. Increased flexibility for regular project operations. Sec. 1037. Temporary operational flexibility for first few storms of the water year. Sec. 1038. Expediting water transfers. Sec. 1039. Additional emergency consultation. Sec. 1040. Additional storage at New Melones. Sec. 1041. Regarding the operation of Folsom Reservoir. Sec. 1042. Applicants. Sec. 1043. San Joaquin River settlement. Sec. 1044. Program for water rescheduling. Subtitle D—CALFED STORAGE FEASIBILITY STUDIES Sec. 1051. Studies. Sec. 1052. Temperance Flat. Sec. 1053. CALFED storage accountability. Sec. 1054. Water storage project construction. Subtitle E—WATER RIGHTS PROTECTIONS Sec. 1061. Offset for State Water Project. 
Sec. 1062. Area of origin protections. Sec. 1063. No redirected adverse impacts. Sec. 1064. Allocations for Sacramento Valley contractors. Sec. 1065. Effect on existing obligations. Subtitle F—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 1071. Authorized service area. Sec. 1072. Oversight board for Restoration Fund. Sec. 1073. Water supply accounting. Sec. 1074. Implementation of water replacement plan. Sec. 1075. Natural and artificially spawned spe-cies. Sec. 1076. Transfer the New Melones Unit, Cen-tral Valley Project to interested providers. Sec. 1077. Basin studies. Sec. 1078. Operations of the Trinity River Divi-sion. Sec. 1079. Amendment to purposes. Sec. 1080. Amendment to definition. Sec. 1081. Report on results of water usage. Sec. 1082. Klamath project consultation appli-cants. Subtitle G—Water Supply Permitting Act Sec. 1091. Short title. Sec. 1092. Definitions. Sec. 1093. Establishment of lead agency and co-operating agencies. Sec. 1094. Bureau responsibilities. Sec. 1095. Cooperating agency responsibilities. Sec. 1096. Funding to process permits. Subtitle H—Bureau of Reclamation Project Streamlining Sec. 1101. Short title. Sec. 1102. Definitions. Sec. 1103. Acceleration of studies. Sec. 1104. Expedited completion of reports. Sec. 1105. Project acceleration. Sec. 1106. Annual report to Congress. Subtitle I—Accelerated Revenue, Repayment, and Surface Water Storage Enhancement Sec. 1111. Short title. Sec. 1112. Prepayment of certain repayment contracts between the United States and contractors of feder-ally developed water supplies. Subtitle J—Safety of Dams Sec. 1121. Authorization of additional project benefits. Subtitle K—Water Rights Protection Sec. 1131. Short title. Sec. 1132. Definition of water right. Sec. 1133. Treatment of water rights. Sec. 1134. Recognition of State authority. Sec. 1135. Effect of title. TITLE II—SPORTSMEN’S HERITAGE AND RECREATIONAL ENHANCEMENT ACT Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Report on economic impact. Subtitle A—Hunting, Fishing and Recreational Shooting Protection Act Sec. 2011. Short title. Sec. 2012. Modification of definition. Sec. 2013. Limitation on authority to regulate ammunition and fishing tackle. Subtitle B—Target Practice and Marksmanship Training Support Act Sec. 2021. Short title. Sec. 2022. Findings; purpose. Sec. 2023. Definition of public target range. Sec. 2024. Amendments to Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act. Sec. 2025. Limits on liability. Sec. 2026. Sense of Congress regarding coopera-tion. Subtitle C—Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act Sec. 2031. Short title. Sec. 2032. Permits for importation of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada. Subtitle D—Recreational Lands Self-Defense Act Sec. 2041. Short title. Sec. 2042. Protecting Americans from violent crime. Subtitle E—Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council Advisory Committee Sec. 2051. Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Con-servation Council Advisory Com-mittee. Subtitle F—Recreational Fishing and Hunting Heritage Opportunities Act Sec. 2061. Short title. Sec. 2062. Findings. Sec. 2063. Fishing, hunting, and recreational shooting. Sec. 2064. Volunteer Hunters; Reports; Closures and Restrictions. Subtitle G—Farmer and Hunter Protection Act Sec. 2071. Short title. Sec. 2072. Baiting of migratory game birds. Subtitle H—Transporting Bows Across National Park Service Lands Sec. 2081. Short title. Sec. 2082. Bowhunting opportunity and wildlife stewardship. Subtitle I—Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act Reauthorization (FLTFA) Sec. 2091. Short title. Sec. 2092. Federal Land Transaction Facilita-tion Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3120 May 25, 2016 
Subtitle J—African Elephant Conservation and Legal Ivory Possession Act Sec. 2101. Short title. Sec. 2102. References. Sec. 2103. Placement of United States Fish and Wildlife Service law enforcement officers in each African elephant range country. Sec. 2104. Treatment of elephant ivory. Sec. 2105. African Elephant Conservation Act financial assistance priority and reauthorization. Sec. 2106. Government Accountability Office study. Subtitle K—Respect for Treaties and Rights Sec. 2111. Respect for Treaties and Rights. Subtitle L—State Approval of Fishing Restriction Sec. 2131. State or Territorial Approval of Re-striction of Recreational or Com-mercial Fishing Access to Certain State or Territorial Waters. Subtitle M—Hunting and Recreational Fishing Within Certain National Forests Sec. 2141. Definitions. Sec. 2142. Hunting and recreational fishing within the national forest system. Sec. 2143. Publication of Closure of Roads in Forests. Subtitle N—Grand Canyon Bison Management Act Sec. 2151. Short title. Sec. 2152. Definitions. Sec. 2153. Bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park. Subtitle O—Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Sec. 2161. Short title. Sec. 2162. Modification of equal access to jus-tice provisions. Subtitle P—Utility Terrain Vehicles Sec. 2171. Utility terrain vehicles in Kisatchie National Forest. Subtitle Q—Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Sec. 2181. Short title. Sec. 2182. Expedited access to certain Federal land. Subtitle R—Interstate Transportation of Firearms or Ammunition Sec. 2191. Interstate transportation of firearms or ammunition. Subtitle S—Gray Wolves Sec. 2201. Reissuance of final rule regarding gray wolves in the Western Great Lakes. Sec. 2202. Reissuance of final rule regarding gray wolves in Wyoming. Subtitle T—Miscellaneous Provisions Sec. 2211. Prohibition on issuance of final rule. Sec. 2212. Withdrawal of existing rule regarding hunting and trapping in Alaska. TITLE III—NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT Sec. 3001. Short title. Sec. 3002. Findings. Sec. 3003. Definitions. Subtitle A—Development of Domestic Sources of Strategic and Critical Minerals Sec. 3011. Improving development of strategic and critical minerals. Sec. 3012. Responsibilities of the lead agency. Sec. 3013. Conservation of the resource. Sec. 3014. Federal register process for mineral exploration and mining projects. Subtitle B—Judicial Review of Agency Actions Relating to Exploration and Mine Permits Sec. 3021. Definitions for title. Sec. 3022. Timely filings. Sec. 3023. Right to intervene. Sec. 3024. Expedition in hearing and deter-mining the action. Sec. 3025. Limitation on prospective relief. Sec. 3026. Limitation on attorneys’ fees. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Provisions Sec. 3031. Secretarial order not affected. TITLE IV—NATIVE AMERICAN ENERGY ACT Sec. 4001. Short title. Sec. 4002. Appraisals. Sec. 4003. Standardization. Sec. 4004. Environmental reviews of major Fed-eral actions on Indian lands. Sec. 4005. Judicial review. Sec. 4006. Tribal biomass demonstration project. Sec. 4007. Tribal resource management plans. Sec. 4008. Leases of restricted lands for the Navajo Nation. Sec. 4009. Nonapplicability of certain rules. TITLE V—NORTHPORT IRRIGATION EARLY REPAYMENT Sec. 5001. Early repayment of construction costs. TITLE VI—OCMULGEE MOUNDS NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK BOUNDARY REVISION ACT Sec. 6001. Short title. Sec. 6002. Definitions. Sec. 6003. Ocmulgee Mounds National Histor-ical Park. Sec. 6004. Boundary adjustment. Sec. 6005. Land acquisition; no buffer zones. Sec. 6006. Administration. Sec. 6007. Ocmulgee River corridor special re-source study. TITLE VII—MEDGAR EVERS HOUSE STUDY ACT Sec. 7001. Short title. Sec. 7002. Special resource study. TITLE VIII—SKY POINT MOUNTAIN DESIGNATION Sec. 8001. Findings. Sec. 8002. Sky Point. TITLE IX—CHIEF STANDING BEAR TRAIL 
STUDY Sec. 9001. Chief Standing Bear national historic trail feasibility study. TITLE X—JOHN MUIR NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE EXPANSION ACT Sec. 10001. Short title. Sec. 10002. John Muir National Historic Site land acquisition. TITLE XI—ARAPAHO NATIONAL FOREST BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT ACT Sec. 11001. Short title. Sec. 11002. Arapaho National Forest boundary adjustment. TITLE XII—PRESERVATION RESEARCH AT INSTITUTIONS SERVING MINORITIES ACT Sec. 12001. Short title. Sec. 12002. Eligibility of Hispanic-serving insti-tutions and Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander- serving institutions for assistance for preservation education and training programs. TITLE XIII—ELKHORN RANCH AND WHITE RIVER NATIONAL FOREST CONVEYANCE ACT Sec. 13001. Short title. Sec. 13002. Land conveyance, Elkhorn Ranch and White River National Forest, Colorado. TITLE XIV—NATIONAL LIBERTY MEMORIAL CLARIFICATION ACT Sec. 14001. Short title. Sec. 14002. Compliance with certain standards for commemorative works in es-tablishment of National Liberty Memorial. TITLE XV—CRAGS, COLORADO LAND EXCHANGE ACT Sec. 15001. Short title. Sec. 15002. Purposes. Sec. 15003. Definitions. Sec. 15004. Land exchange. Sec. 15005. Equal value exchange and apprais-als. Sec. 15006. Miscellaneous provisions. TITLE XVI—REMOVE REVERSIONARY INTEREST IN ROCKINGHAM COUNTY LAND Sec. 16001. Removal of use restriction. TITLE XVII—COLTSVILLE NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK Sec. 17001. Amendment to Coltsville National Historical Park donation site. TITLE XVIII—MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK ACT Sec. 18001. Short title. Sec. 18002. Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park. Sec. 18003. References. TITLE XIX—EXTENSION OF THE AUTHOR-IZATION FOR THE GULLAH/GEECHEE CULTURAL HERITAGE CORRIDOR COM-MISSION Sec. 19001. Extension of the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Her-itage Corridor Commission. TITLE XX—9/11 MEMORIAL ACT Sec. 20001. Short title. Sec. 20002. Definitions. Sec. 20003. Designation of memorial. Sec. 20004. Competitive grants for certain memo-rials. TITLE XXI—KENNESAW MOUNTAIN NA-TIONAL BATTLEFIELD PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT ACT Sec. 21001. Short title. Sec. 21002. Findings. Sec. 21003. Boundary adjustment; land acquisi-tion; administration. TITLE XXII—VEHICLE ACCESS AT DELA-WARE WATER GAP NATIONAL RECRE-ATION AREA Sec. 22001. Vehicular access and fees. Sec. 22002. Definitions. Sec. 22003. Conforming amendment. TITLE XXIII—GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEASHORE LAND EXCHANGE ACT Sec. 23001. Short title. Sec. 23002. Land exchange, Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi. TITLE XXIV—KOREAN WAR VETERANS MEMORIAL WALL OF REMEMBRANCE ACT Sec. 24001. Short title. Sec. 24002. Wall of Remembrance. TITLE XXV—NATIONAL FOREST SMALL TRACTS ACT AMENDMENTS ACT Sec. 25001. Short title. Sec. 25002. Additional authority for sale or ex-change of small parcels of Na-tional Forest System land. TITLE XXVI—WESTERN OREGON TRIBAL FAIRNESS ACT Sec. 26001. Short title. Subtitle A—Cow Creek Umpqua Land Conveyance Sec. 26011. Short title. Sec. 26012. Definitions. Sec. 26013. Conveyance. Sec. 26014. Map and legal description. Sec. 26015. Administration. Sec. 26016. Land reclassification. Subtitle B—Coquille Forest Fairness Sec. 26021. Short title. Sec. 26022. Amendments to Coquille Restoration Act. Subtitle C—Oregon Coastal Lands Sec. 26031. Short title. Sec. 26032. Definitions. Sec. 26033. Conveyance. Sec. 26034. Map and legal description. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3121 May 25, 2016 
Sec. 26035. Administration. Sec. 26036. Land reclassification. DIVISION D—SCIENCE TITLE V—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY SCIENCE Sec. 501. Mission. Sec. 502. Basic energy sciences. Sec. 503. Advanced scientific computing re-search. Sec. 504. High energy physics. Sec. 505. Biological and environmental re-search. Sec. 506. Fusion energy. Sec. 507. Nuclear physics. Sec. 508. Science laboratories infrastructure program. Sec. 509. Domestic manufacturing. Sec. 510. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 511. Definitions. TITLE VI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY APPLIED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Subtitle A—Crosscutting Research and Development Sec. 601. Crosscutting research and develop-ment. Sec. 602. Strategic research portfolio analysis and coordination plan. Sec. 603. Strategy for facilities and infrastruc-ture. Sec. 604. Energy Innovation Hubs. Subtitle B—Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability Research and Development Sec. 611. Distributed energy and electric energy systems. Sec. 612. Electric transmission and distribution research and development. Subtitle C—Nuclear Energy Research and Development Sec. 621. Objectives. Sec. 622. Program objectives study. Sec. 623. Nuclear energy research and develop-ment programs. Sec. 624. Small modular reactor program. Sec. 625. Fuel cycle research and development. Sec. 626. Nuclear energy enabling technologies program. Sec. 627. Technical standards collaboration. Sec. 628. Available facilities database. Subtitle D—Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Research and Development Sec. 641. Energy efficiency. Sec. 642. Next Generation Lighting Initiative. Sec. 643. Building standards. Sec. 644. Secondary electric vehicle battery use program. Sec. 645. Network for Manufacturing Innova-tion Program. Sec. 646. Advanced Energy Technology Trans-fer Centers. Sec. 647. Renewable energy. Sec. 648. Bioenergy program. Sec. 649. Concentrating solar power research program. Sec. 650. Renewable energy in public buildings. Subtitle E—Fossil Energy Research and Development Sec. 661. Fossil energy. Sec. 662. Coal research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial appli-cation programs. Sec. 663. High efficiency gas turbines research and development. Subtitle F—Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy Sec. 671. ARPA–E amendments. Subtitle G—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 681. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle H—Definitions Sec. 691. Definitions. TITLE VII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER Subtitle A—In General Sec. 701. Definitions. Sec. 702. Savings clause. Subtitle B—Innovation Management at Department of Energy Sec. 712. Technology transfer and transitions assessment. Sec. 713. Sense of Congress. Sec. 714. Nuclear energy innovation. Subtitle C—Cross-Sector Partnerships and Grant Competitiveness Sec. 721. Agreements for Commercializing Tech-nology pilot program. Sec. 722. Public-private partnerships for com-mercialization. Sec. 723. Inclusion of early-stage technology demonstration in authorized tech-nology transfer activities. Sec. 724. Funding competitiveness for institu-tions of higher education and other nonprofit institutions. Sec. 725. Participation in the Innovation Corps program. Subtitle D—Assessment of Impact Sec. 731. Report by Government Accountability Office. TITLE XXXIII—NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION CAPABILITIES Sec. 3301. Short title. Sec. 3302. Nuclear energy. Sec. 3303. Nuclear energy research programs. Sec. 3304. Advanced fuel cycle initiative. Sec. 3305. University nuclear science and engi-neering support. Sec. 3306. Department of Energy civilian nu-clear infrastructure and facilities. Sec. 3307. Security of nuclear facilities. Sec. 3308. High-performance computation and supportive research. Sec. 3309. Enabling nuclear energy innovation. Sec. 3310. Budget plan. Sec. 3311. Conforming amendments. DIVISION A—NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY 
SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2016’’. TITLE I—MODERNIZING AND PROTECTING INFRASTRUCTURE Subtitle A—Energy Delivery, Reliability, and Security 
SEC. 1101. FERC PROCESS COORDINATION. 
Section 15 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717n) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (b)(2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) O
THER AGENCIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each Federal and State agency considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization shall cooperate with the Commission and comply with the deadlines established by the Commission. ‘‘(B) I
DENTIFICATION .—The Commission shall identify, as early as practicable after it is noti-fied by a prospective applicant of a potential project requiring Commission authorization, any Federal or State agency, local government, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an application for that Federal authorization. ‘‘(C) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall no-tify any agency identified under subparagraph (B) of the opportunity to cooperate or partici-pate in the review process. ‘‘(ii) D
EADLINE .—A notification issued under clause (i) shall establish a deadline by which a response to the notification shall be submitted, which may be extended by the Commission for good cause.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A); (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-paragraph (C); and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) set deadlines for all such Federal author-izations; and’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) DEADLINE FOR FEDERAL AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .—A final decision on a Federal authoriza-tion is due no later than 90 days after the Com-mission issues its final environmental document, unless a schedule is otherwise established by Federal law. ‘‘(3) C
ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—Each Federal and State agency considering an aspect of an application for a Federal authorization shall— ‘‘(A) carry out the obligations of that agency under applicable law concurrently, and in con-junction, with the review required by the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), unless doing so would im-pair the ability of the agency to conduct needed analysis or otherwise carry out those obliga-tions; ‘‘(B) formulate and implement administrative, policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of required Federal authorizations no later than 90 days after the Commission issues its final environmental docu-ment; and ‘‘(C) transmit to the Commission a statement— ‘‘(i) acknowledging receipt of the schedule es-tablished under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) setting forth the plan formulated under subparagraph (B) of this paragraph. ‘‘(4) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— ‘‘(A) I
DENTIFICATION .—Federal and State agencies that may consider an aspect of an ap-plication for Federal authorization shall iden-tify, as early as possible, any issues of concern that may delay or prevent an agency from work-ing with the Commission to resolve such issues and granting such authorization. ‘‘(B) I
SSUE RESOLUTION .—The Commission may forward any issue of concern identified under subparagraph (A) to the heads of the rel-evant agencies (including, in the case of a fail-ure by the State agency, the Federal agency overseeing the delegated authority) for resolu-tion. ‘‘(5) F
AILURE TO MEET SCHEDULE .—If a Fed- eral or State agency does not complete a pro-ceeding for an approval that is required for a Federal authorization in accordance with the schedule established by the Commission under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the applicant may pursue remedies under section 19(d); and ‘‘(B) the head of the relevant Federal agency (including, in the case of a failure by a State agency, the Federal agency overseeing the dele-gated authority) shall notify Congress and the Commission of such failure and set forth a rec-ommended implementation plan to ensure com-pletion of the proceeding for an approval.’’; (3) by redesignating subsections (d) through (f) as subsections (g) through (i), respectively; and (4) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(d) R
EMOTE SURVEYS .—If a Federal or State agency considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization requires the applicant to submit environmental data, the agency shall consider any such data gathered by aerial or other remote means that the applicant submits. The agency may grant a conditional approval for Federal authorization, conditioned on the verification of such data by subsequent onsite inspection. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING .—The Commis-sion, and Federal and State agencies, may allow an applicant seeking Federal authorization to fund a third-party contractor to assist in re-viewing the application. ‘‘(f) A
CCOUNTABILITY , TRANSPARENCY , EFFI-
CIENCY .—For applications requiring multiple Federal authorizations, the Commission, with input from any Federal or State agency consid-ering an aspect of an application, shall track 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3122 May 25, 2016 
and make available to the public on the Com-mission’s website information related to the ac-tions required to complete permitting, reviews, and other actions required. Such information shall include the following: ‘‘(1) The schedule established by the Commis-sion under subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(2) A list of all the actions required by each applicable agency to complete permitting, re-views, and other actions necessary to obtain a final decision on the Federal authorization. ‘‘(3) The expected completion date for each such action. ‘‘(4) A point of contact at the agency account-able for each such action. ‘‘(5) In the event that an action is still pend-ing as of the expected date of completion, a brief explanation of the reasons for the delay.’’. 
SEC. 1102. RESOLVING ENVIRONMENTAL AND GRID RELIABILITY CONFLICTS. 
(a) C OMPLIANCE WITH OR VIOLATION OF ENVI-
RONMENTAL LAWS WHILE UNDER EMERGENCY  O
RDER .—Section 202(c) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(c)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(c)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) With respect to an order issued under this subsection that may result in a conflict with a requirement of any Federal, State, or local envi-ronmental law or regulation, the Commission shall ensure that such order requires genera-tion, delivery, interchange, or transmission of electric energy only during hours necessary to meet the emergency and serve the public inter-est, and, to the maximum extent practicable, is consistent with any applicable Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation and mini-mizes any adverse environmental impacts. ‘‘(3) To the extent any omission or action taken by a party, that is necessary to comply with an order issued under this subsection, in-cluding any omission or action taken to volun-tarily comply with such order, results in non-compliance with, or causes such party to not comply with, any Federal, State, or local envi-ronmental law or regulation, such omission or action shall not be considered a violation of such environmental law or regulation, or subject such party to any requirement, civil or criminal liability, or a citizen suit under such environ-mental law or regulation. ‘‘(4)(A) An order issued under this subsection that may result in a conflict with a requirement of any Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation shall expire not later than 90 days after it is issued. The Commission may renew or reissue such order pursuant to para-graphs (1) and (2) for subsequent periods, not to exceed 90 days for each period, as the Commis-sion determines necessary to meet the emergency and serve the public interest. ‘‘(B) In renewing or reissuing an order under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall consult with the primary Federal agency with expertise in the environmental interest protected by such law or regulation, and shall include in any such renewed or reissued order such conditions as such Federal agency determines necessary to minimize any adverse environmental impacts to the extent practicable. The conditions, if any, submitted by such Federal agency shall be made available to the public. The Commission may ex-clude such a condition from the renewed or re-issued order if it determines that such condition would prevent the order from adequately ad-dressing the emergency necessitating such order and provides in the order, or otherwise makes publicly available, an explanation of such deter-mination. ‘‘(5) If an order issued under this subsection is subsequently stayed, modified, or set aside by a court pursuant to section 313 or any other provi-sion of law, any omission or action previously taken by a party that was necessary to comply with the order while the order was in effect, in-cluding any omission or action taken to volun-tarily comply with the order, shall remain sub-ject to paragraph (3).’’. (b) TEMPORARY CONNECTION OR CONSTRUC -
TION BY MUNICIPALITIES .—Section 202(d) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(d)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘or municipality’’ before ‘‘en-gaged in the transmission or sale of electric en-ergy’’. 
SEC. 1103. EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FOR EN-ERGY SUPPLY DISRUPTIONS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that recent nat-ural disasters have underscored the importance of having resilient oil and natural gas infra-structure and energy storage and effective ways for industry and government to communicate to address energy supply disruptions. (b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR ACTIVITIES TOEN-
HANCE EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FOR NATURAL  D
ISASTERS .—The Secretary of Energy shall de-velop and adopt procedures to— (1) improve communication and coordination between the Department of Energy’s energy re-sponse team, Federal partners, and industry; (2) leverage the Energy Information Adminis-tration’s subject matter expertise within the De-partment’s energy response team to improve sup-ply chain situation assessments; (3) establish company liaisons and direct com-munication with the Department’s energy re-sponse team to improve situation assessments; (4) streamline and enhance processes for ob-taining temporary regulatory relief to speed up emergency response and recovery; (5) facilitate and increase engagement among States, the oil and natural gas industry, the en-ergy storage industry, and the Department in developing State and local energy assurance plans; (6) establish routine education and training programs for key government emergency re-sponse positions with the Department and States; and (7) involve States, the energy storage industry, and the oil and natural gas industry in com-prehensive drill and exercise programs. (c) C
OOPERATION .—The activities carried out under subsection (b) shall include collaborative efforts with State and local government officials and the private sector. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the effectiveness of the activities au-thorized under this section. 
SEC. 1104. CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY. 
(a) C RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE SECU-
RITY.—Part II of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 215 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 215A. CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC-TURE SECURITY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) B
ULK-POWER SYSTEM ; ELECTRIC RELI -
ABILITY ORGANIZATION ; REGIONAL ENTITY .—The terms ‘bulk-power system’, ‘Electric Reliability Organization’, and ‘regional entity’ have the meanings given such terms in paragraphs (1), (2), and (7) of section 215(a), respectively. ‘‘(2) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .— The term ‘critical electric infrastructure’ means a system or asset of the bulk-power system, whether physical or virtual, the incapacity or destruction of which would negatively affect national security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combination of such matters. ‘‘(3) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE IN -
FORMATION .—The term ‘critical electric infra-structure information’ means information re-lated to critical electric infrastructure, or pro-posed critical electrical infrastructure, gen-erated by or provided to the Commission or other Federal agency, other than classified national security information, that is designated as crit-ical electric infrastructure information by the Commission under subsection (d)(2). Such term includes information that qualifies as critical energy infrastructure information under the Commission’s regulations. ‘‘(4) DEFENSE CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC -
TURE.—The term ‘defense critical electric infra-structure’ means any electric infrastructure lo-cated in the United States (including the terri-tories) that serves a facility designated by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (c), but is not owned or operated by the owner or operator of such facility. ‘‘(5) E
LECTROMAGNETIC PULSE .—The term ‘electromagnetic pulse’ means 1 or more pulses of electromagnetic energy emitted by a device capable of disabling or disrupting operation of, or destroying, electronic devices or communica-tions networks, including hardware, software, and data, by means of such a pulse. ‘‘(6) G
EOMAGNETIC STORM .—The term ‘geo-magnetic storm’ means a temporary disturbance of the Earth’s magnetic field resulting from solar activity. ‘‘(7) G
RID SECURITY EMERGENCY .—The term ‘grid security emergency’ means the occurrence or imminent danger of— ‘‘(A)(i) a malicious act using electronic com-munication or an electromagnetic pulse, or a geomagnetic storm event, that could disrupt the operation of those electronic devices or commu-nications networks, including hardware, soft-ware, and data, that are essential to the reli-ability of critical electric infrastructure or of de-fense critical electric infrastructure; and ‘‘(ii) disruption of the operation of such de-vices or networks, with significant adverse ef-fects on the reliability of critical electric infra-structure or of defense critical electric infra-structure, as a result of such act or event; or ‘‘(B)(i) a direct physical attack on critical electric infrastructure or on defense critical elec-tric infrastructure; and ‘‘(ii) significant adverse effects on the reli-ability of critical electric infrastructure or of de-fense critical electric infrastructure as a result of such physical attack. ‘‘(8) G
RID SECURITY VULNERABILITY .—The term ‘grid security vulnerability’ means a weak-ness that, in the event of a malicious act using an electromagnetic pulse, would pose a substan-tial risk of disruption to the operation of those electrical or electronic devices or communica-tions networks, including hardware, software, and data, that are essential to the reliability of the bulk-power system. ‘‘(9) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Energy. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY TOADDRESS GRIDSECURITY  E
MERGENCY .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—Whenever the President issues and provides to the Secretary a written directive or determination identifying a grid se-curity emergency, the Secretary may, with or without notice, hearing, or report, issue such or-ders for emergency measures as are necessary in the judgment of the Secretary to protect or re-store the reliability of critical electric infrastruc-ture or of defense critical electric infrastructure during such emergency. As soon as practicable but not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Secretary shall, after notice and opportunity for comment, estab-lish rules of procedure that ensure that such au-thority can be exercised expeditiously. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION OF CONGRESS .—Whenever the President issues and provides to the Sec-retary a written directive or determination under paragraph (1), the President shall promptly notify congressional committees of rel-evant jurisdiction, including the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, of the contents of, and justification for, such directive or deter-mination. ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—Before issuing an order for emergency measures under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable in light of the nature of the grid security emer-gency and the urgency of the need for action, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3123 May 25, 2016 
consult with appropriate governmental authori-ties in Canada and Mexico, entities described in paragraph (4), the Electricity Sub-sector Coordi-nating Council, the Commission, and other ap-propriate Federal agencies regarding implemen-tation of such emergency measures. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—An order for emergency measures under this subsection may apply to— ‘‘(A) the Electric Reliability Organization; ‘‘(B) a regional entity; or ‘‘(C) any owner, user, or operator of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical elec-tric infrastructure within the United States. ‘‘(5) E
XPIRATION AND REISSUANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), an order for emergency measures issued under paragraph (1) shall expire no later than 15 days after its issuance. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSIONS .—The Secretary may reissue an order for emergency measures issued under paragraph (1) for subsequent periods, not to ex-ceed 15 days for each such period, provided that the President, for each such period, issues and provides to the Secretary a written directive or determination that the grid security emergency identified under paragraph (1) continues to exist or that the emergency measure continues to be required. ‘‘(6) C
OST RECOVERY .— ‘‘(A) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .—If the Commission determines that owners, opera-tors, or users of critical electric infrastructure have incurred substantial costs to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under this subsection and that such costs were pru-dently incurred and cannot reasonably be recov-ered through regulated rates or market prices for the electric energy or services sold by such owners, operators, or users, the Commission shall, consistent with the requirements of sec-tion 205, after notice and an opportunity for comment, establish a mechanism that permits such owners, operators, or users to recover such costs. ‘‘(B) D
EFENSE CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC -
TURE.—To the extent the owner or operator of defense critical electric infrastructure is re-quired to take emergency measures pursuant to an order issued under this subsection, the own-ers or operators of a critical defense facility or facilities designated by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (c) that rely upon such infrastruc-ture shall bear the full incremental costs of the measures. ‘‘(7) T
EMPORARY ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFOR -
MATION .—The Secretary, and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall, to the extent practicable and consistent with their obligations to protect classified information, provide temporary access to classified information related to a grid secu-rity emergency for which emergency measures are issued under paragraph (1) to key personnel of any entity subject to such emergency meas-ures to enable optimum communication between the entity and the Secretary and other appro-priate Federal agencies regarding the grid secu-rity emergency. ‘‘(c) D
ESIGNATION OF CRITICAL DEFENSE FA-
CILITIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with other appropriate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or oper-ators of infrastructure that may be defense crit-ical electric infrastructure, shall identify and designate facilities located in the United States (including the territories) that are— ‘‘(1) critical to the defense of the United States; and ‘‘(2) vulnerable to a disruption of the supply of electric energy provided to such facility by an external provider. The Secretary may, in consultation with appro-priate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or operators of defense critical electric in-frastructure, periodically revise the list of des-ignated facilities as necessary. ‘‘(d) P
ROTECTION AND SHARING OF CRITICAL  E
LECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) PROTECTION OF CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRA -
STRUCTURE INFORMATION .—Critical electric in-frastructure information— ‘‘(A) shall be exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code; and ‘‘(B) shall not be made available by any Fed-eral, State, political subdivision or tribal au-thority pursuant to any Federal, State, political subdivision or tribal law requiring public disclo-sure of information or records. ‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION AND SHARING OF CRITICAL  
ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMATION .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall promulgate such regulations and issue such orders as nec-essary to— ‘‘(A) designate information as critical electric infrastructure information; ‘‘(B) prohibit the unauthorized disclosure of critical electric infrastructure information; ‘‘(C) ensure there are appropriate sanctions in place for Commissioners, officers, employees, or agents of the Commission who knowingly and willfully disclose critical electric infrastructure information in a manner that is not authorized under this section; and ‘‘(D) taking into account standards of the Electric Reliability Organization, facilitate vol-untary sharing of critical electric infrastructure information with, between, and by— ‘‘(i) Federal, State, political subdivision, and tribal authorities; ‘‘(ii) the Electric Reliability Organization; ‘‘(iii) regional entities; ‘‘(iv) information sharing and analysis centers established pursuant to Presidential Decision Directive 63; ‘‘(v) owners, operators, and users of critical electric infrastructure in the United States; and ‘‘(vi) other entities determined appropriate by the Commission. ‘‘(3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In promulgating regu-lations and issuing orders under paragraph (2), the Commission shall take into consideration the role of State commissions in reviewing the pru-dence and cost of investments, determining the rates and terms of conditions for electric serv-ices, and ensuring the safety and reliability of the bulk-power system and distribution facilities within their respective jurisdictions. ‘‘(4) P
ROTOCOLS .—The Commission shall, in consultation with Canadian and Mexican au-thorities, develop protocols for the voluntary sharing of critical electric infrastructure infor-mation with Canadian and Mexican authorities and owners, operators, and users of the bulk- power system outside the United States. ‘‘(5) N
O REQUIRED SHARING OF INFORMATION .— Nothing in this section shall require a person or entity in possession of critical electric infra-structure information to share such information with Federal, State, political subdivision, or tribal authorities, or any other person or entity. ‘‘(6) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO CON -
GRESS .—Nothing in this section shall permit or authorize the withholding of information from Congress, any committee or subcommittee there-of, or the Comptroller General. ‘‘(7) D
ISCLOSURE OF PROTECTED INFORMA -
TION.—In implementing this section, the Com-mission shall segregate critical electric infra-structure information or information that rea-sonably could be expected to lead to the disclo-sure of the critical electric infrastructure infor-mation within documents and electronic commu-nications, wherever feasible, to facilitate disclo-sure of information that is not designated as critical electric infrastructure information. ‘‘(8) D
URATION OF DESIGNATION .—Information may not be designated as critical electric infra-structure information for longer than 5 years, unless specifically re-designated by the Commis-sion. ‘‘(9) R
EMOVAL OF DESIGNATION .—The Commis-sion shall remove the designation of critical electric infrastructure information, in whole or in part, from a document or electronic commu-nication if the Commission determines that the unauthorized disclosure of such information could no longer be used to impair the security or reliability of the bulk-power system or distribu-tion facilities. ‘‘(10) JUDICIAL REVIEW OF DESIGNATIONS .— Notwithstanding section 313(b), any determina-tion by the Commission concerning the designa-tion of critical electric infrastructure informa-tion under this subsection shall be subject to re-view under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, except that such review shall be brought in the district court of the United States in the district in which the complainant resides, or has his principal place of business, or in the District of Columbia. In such a case the court shall ex-amine in camera the contents of documents or electronic communications that are the subject of the determination under review to determine whether such documents or any part thereof were improperly designated or not designated as critical electric infrastructure information. ‘‘(e) M
EASURES TO ADDRESS GRIDSECURITY  V
ULNERABILITIES .— ‘‘(1) C
OMMISSION AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) R
ELIABILITY STANDARDS .—If the Commis-sion, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies, identifies a grid security vulnerability that the Commission determines has not ade-quately been addressed through a reliability standard developed and approved under section 215, the Commission shall, after notice and op-portunity for comment and after consultation with the Secretary, other appropriate Federal agencies, and appropriate governmental au-thorities in Canada and Mexico, issue an order directing the Electric Reliability Organization to submit to the Commission for approval under section 215, not later than 30 days after the issuance of such order, a reliability standard re-quiring implementation, by any owner, oper-ator, or user of the bulk-power system in the United States, of measures to protect the bulk- power system against such vulnerability. Any such standard shall include a protection plan, including automated hardware-based solutions. The Commission shall approve a reliability standard submitted pursuant to this subpara-graph, unless the Commission determines that such reliability standard does not adequately protect against such vulnerability or otherwise does not satisfy the requirements of section 215. ‘‘(B) M
EASURES TO ADDRESS GRID SECURITY  
VULNERABILITIES .—If the Commission, after no-tice and opportunity for comment and after con-sultation with the Secretary, other appropriate Federal agencies, and appropriate governmental authorities in Canada and Mexico, determines that the reliability standard submitted by the Electric Reliability Organization to address a grid security vulnerability identified under sub-paragraph (A) does not adequately protect the bulk-power system against such vulnerability, the Commission shall promulgate a rule or issue an order requiring implementation, by any owner, operator, or user of the bulk-power sys-tem in the United States, of measures to protect the bulk-power system against such vulner-ability. Any such rule or order shall include a protection plan, including automated hardware- based solutions. Before promulgating a rule or issuing an order under this subparagraph, the Commission shall, to the extent practicable in light of the urgency of the need for action to ad-dress the grid security vulnerability, request and consider recommendations from the Electric Re-liability Organization regarding such rule or order. The Commission may establish an appro-priate deadline for the submission of such rec-ommendations. ‘‘(2) R
ESCISSION .—The Commission shall ap-prove a reliability standard developed under section 215 that addresses a grid security vulner-ability that is the subject of a rule or order under paragraph (1)(B), unless the Commission determines that such reliability standard does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3124 May 25, 2016 
not adequately protect against such vulner-ability or otherwise does not satisfy the require-ments of section 215. Upon such approval, the Commission shall rescind the rule promulgated or order issued under paragraph (1)(B) address-ing such vulnerability, effective upon the effec-tive date of the newly approved reliability standard. ‘‘(3) G
EOMAGNETIC STORMS AND ELECTRO -
MAGNETIC PULSE .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Com-mission shall, after notice and an opportunity for comment and after consultation with the Secretary and other appropriate Federal agen-cies, issue an order directing the Electric Reli-ability Organization to submit to the Commis-sion for approval under section 215, not later than 6 months after the issuance of such order, reliability standards adequate to protect the bulk-power system from any reasonably foresee-able geomagnetic storm or electromagnetic pulse event. The Commission’s order shall specify the nature and magnitude of the reasonably foresee-able events against which such standards must protect. Such standards shall appropriately bal-ance the risks to the bulk-power system associ-ated with such events, including any regional variation in such risks, the costs of mitigating such risks, and the priorities and timing associ-ated with implementation. If the Commission de-termines that the reliability standards submitted by the Electric Reliability Organization pursu-ant to this paragraph are inadequate, the Com-mission shall promulgate a rule or issue an order adequate to protect the bulk-power system from geomagnetic storms or electromagnetic pulse as required under paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(4) L
ARGE TRANSFORMER AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall, after notice and an opportunity for comment and after con-sultation with the Secretary and other appro-priate Federal agencies, issue an order directing the Electric Reliability Organization to submit to the Commission for approval under section 215, not later than 1 year after the issuance of such order, reliability standards addressing availability of large transformers. Such stand-ards shall require entities that own or operate large transformers to ensure, individually or jointly, adequate availability of large trans-formers to promptly restore the reliable oper-ation of the bulk-power system in the event that any such transformer is destroyed or disabled as a result of a geomagnetic storm event or electro-magnetic pulse event. The Commission’s order shall specify the nature and magnitude of the reasonably foreseeable events that shall provide the basis for such standards. Such standards shall— ‘‘(A) provide entities subject to the standards with the option of meeting such standards indi-vidually or jointly; and ‘‘(B) appropriately balance the risks associ-ated with a reasonably foreseeable event, in-cluding any regional variation in such risks, and the costs of ensuring adequate availability of spare transformers. ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN FEDERAL ENTITIES .—For the 11- year period commencing on the date of enact-ment of this section, the Tennessee Valley Au-thority and the Bonneville Power Administra-tion shall be exempt from any requirement under this subsection. ‘‘(f) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—The Secretary shall facilitate and, to the extent practicable, expedite the acquisition of adequate security clearances by key personnel of any entity sub-ject to the requirements of this section, to enable optimum communication with Federal agencies regarding threats to the security of the critical electric infrastructure. The Secretary, the Com-mission, and other appropriate Federal agencies shall, to the extent practicable and consistent with their obligations to protect classified and critical electric infrastructure information, share timely actionable information regarding grid security with appropriate key personnel of owners, operators, and users of the critical elec-tric infrastructure. ‘‘(g) CLARIFICATIONS OF LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) C
OMPLIANCE WITH OR VIOLATION OF THIS  
ACT.—Except as provided in paragraph (4), to the extent any action or omission taken by an entity that is necessary to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under subsection (b)(1), including any action or omission taken to voluntarily comply with such order, results in noncompliance with, or causes such entity not to comply with any rule, order, regulation, or provision of this Act, including any reliability standard approved by the Commission pursuant to section 215, such action or omission shall not be considered a violation of such rule, order, regulation, or provision. ‘‘(2) R
ELATION TO SECTION 202(c).—Except as provided in paragraph (4), an action or omission taken by an owner, operator, or user of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical elec-tric infrastructure to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under subsection (b)(1) shall be treated as an action or omission taken to comply with an order issued under sec-tion 202(c) for purposes of such section. ‘‘(3) S
HARING OR RECEIPT OF INFORMATION .— No cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any Federal or State court for the sharing or re-ceipt of information under, and that is con-ducted in accordance with, subsection (d). ‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require dis-missal of a cause of action against an entity that, in the course of complying with an order for emergency measures issued under subsection (b)(1) by taking an action or omission for which they would be liable but for paragraph (1) or (2), takes such action or omission in a grossly negligent manner.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) J
URISDICTION .—Section 201(b)(2) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘215A,’’ after ‘‘215,’’ each place it appears. (2) P
UBLIC UTILITY .—Section 201(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824(e)) is amended by inserting ‘‘215A,’’ after ‘‘215,’’. 
SEC. 1105. STRATEGIC TRANSFORMER RESERVE. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the storage of strategically located spare large power trans-formers and emergency mobile substations will reduce the vulnerability of the United States to multiple risks facing electric grid reliability, in-cluding physical attack, cyber attack, electro-magnetic pulse, geomagnetic disturbances, se-vere weather, and seismic events. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
ULK-POWER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘bulk- power system’’ has the meaning given such term in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). (2) C
RITICALLY DAMAGED LARGE POWER TRANS -
FORMER .—The term ‘‘critically damaged large power transformer’’ means a large power trans-former that— (A) has sustained extensive damage such that— (i) repair or refurbishment is not economically viable; or (ii) the extensive time to repair or refurbish the large power transformer would create an ex-tended period of instability in the bulk-power system; and (B) prior to sustaining such damage, was part of the bulk-power system. (3) C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘‘critical electric infrastructure’’ has the meaning given that term in section 215A of the Federal Power Act. (4) E
LECTRIC RELIABILITY ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘Electric Reliability Organization’’ has the meaning given such term in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). (5) E
MERGENCY MOBILE SUBSTATION .—The term ‘‘emergency mobile substation’’ means a mobile substation or mobile transformer that is— (A) assembled and permanently mounted on a trailer that is capable of highway travel and meets relevant Department of Transportation regulations; and (B) intended for express deployment and ca-pable of being rapidly placed into service. (6) LARGE POWER TRANSFORMER .—The term ‘‘large power transformer’’ means a power transformer with a maximum nameplate rating of 100 megavolt-amperes or higher, including re-lated critical equipment, that is, or is intended to be, a part of the bulk-power system. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. (8) S
PARE LARGE POWER TRANSFORMER .—The term ‘‘spare large power transformer’’ means a large power transformer that is stored within the Strategic Transformer Reserve to be avail-able to temporarily replace a critically damaged large power transformer. (c) S
TRATEGIC TRANSFORMER RESERVE PLAN.— (1) P
LAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, shall, in consultation with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Electricity Sub-sector Coordinating Council, the Electric Reliability Organization, and owners and operators of critical electric infrastructure and defense and military installations, prepare and submit to Congress a plan to establish a Strategic Transformer Reserve for the storage, in strategically located facilities, of spare large power transformers and emergency mobile sub-stations in sufficient numbers to temporarily re-place critically damaged large power trans-formers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military in-stallations. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Strategic Transformer Reserve plan shall include a description of— (A) the appropriate number and type of spare large power transformers necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulk-power system, critical electric infrastructure, and de-fense and military installations to mitigate sig-nificant impacts to the electric grid resulting from— (i) physical attack; (ii) cyber attack; (iii) electromagnetic pulse attack; (iv) geomagnetic disturbances; (v) severe weather; or (vi) seismic events; (B) other critical electric grid equipment for which an inventory of spare equipment, includ-ing emergency mobile substations, is necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulk-power system, critical electric infrastruc-ture, and defense and military installations; (C) the degree to which utility sector actions or initiatives, including individual utility own-ership of spare equipment, joint ownership of spare equipment inventory, sharing agreements, or other spare equipment reserves or arrange-ments, satisfy the needs identified under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B); (D) the potential locations for, and feasibility and appropriate number of, strategic storage lo-cations for reserve equipment, including consid-eration of— (i) the physical security of such locations; (ii) the protection of the confidentiality of such locations; and (iii) the proximity of such locations to sites of potentially critically damaged large power transformers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and mili-tary installations, so as to enable efficient deliv-ery of equipment to such sites; (E) the necessary degree of flexibility of spare large power transformers to be included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve to conform to dif-ferent substation configurations, including con-sideration of transformer— (i) power and voltage rating for each winding; (ii) overload requirements; (iii) impedance between windings; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3125 May 25, 2016 
(iv) configuration of windings; and (v) tap requirements; (F) an estimate of the direct cost of the Stra-tegic Transformer Reserve, as proposed, includ-ing— (i) the cost of storage facilities; (ii) the cost of the equipment; and (iii) management, maintenance, and operation costs; (G) the funding options available to establish, stock, manage, and maintain the Strategic Transformer Reserve, including consideration of fees on owners and operators of bulk-power sys-tem facilities, critical electric infrastructure, and defense and military installations relying on the Strategic Transformer Reserve, use of Federal appropriations, and public-private cost- sharing options; (H) the ease and speed of transportation, in-stallation, and energization of spare large power transformers to be included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve, including consideration of factors such as— (i) transformer transportation weight; (ii) transformer size; (iii) topology of critical substations; (iv) availability of appropriate transformer mounting pads; (v) flexibility of the spare large power trans-formers as described in subparagraph (E); and (vi) ability to rapidly transition a spare large power transformer from storage to energization; (I) eligibility criteria for withdrawal of equip-ment from the Strategic Transformer Reserve; (J) the process by which owners or operators of critically damaged large power transformers or substations that are critical electric infra-structure or serve defense and military installa-tions may apply for a withdrawal from the Stra-tegic Transformer Reserve; (K) the process by which equipment with-drawn from the Strategic Transformer Reserve is returned to the Strategic Transformer Reserve or is replaced; (L) possible fees to be paid by users of equip-ment withdrawn from the Strategic Transformer Reserve; (M) possible fees to be paid by owners and op-erators of large power transformers and sub-stations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military installations to cover operating costs of the Strategic Trans-former Reserve; (N) the domestic and international large power transformer supply chain; (O) the potential reliability, cost, and oper-ational benefits of including emergency mobile substations in any Strategic Transformer Re-serve established under this section; and (P) other considerations for designing, con-structing, stocking, funding, and managing the Strategic Transformer Reserve. (d) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may es-tablish a Strategic Transformer Reserve in ac-cordance with the plan prepared pursuant to subsection (c) after the date that is 6 months after the date on which such plan is submitted to Congress. (e) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .—Any infor-mation included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve plan, or shared in the preparation and development of such plan, the disclosure of which the agency reasonably foresees would cause harm to critical electric infrastructure, shall be deemed to be critical electric infrastruc-ture information for purposes of section 215A(d) of the Federal Power Act. 
SEC. 1106. CYBER SENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall establish a voluntary Cyber Sense program to identify and promote cyber-secure products intended for use in the bulk-power system, as defined in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). (b) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of Energy shall— (1) establish a Cyber Sense testing process to identify products and technologies intended for use in the bulk-power system, including prod-ucts relating to industrial control systems, such as supervisory control and data acquisition sys-tems; (2) for products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program, establish and main-tain cybersecurity vulnerability reporting proc-esses and a related database; (3) promulgate regulations regarding vulner-ability reporting processes for products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program; (4) provide technical assistance to utilities, product manufacturers, and other electric sector stakeholders to develop solutions to mitigate identified vulnerabilities in products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program; (5) biennially review products tested and iden-tified under the Cyber Sense program for vulnerabilities and provide analysis with respect to how such products respond to and mitigate cyber threats; (6) develop procurement guidance for utilities for products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program; (7) provide reasonable notice to the public, and solicit comments from the public, prior to establishing or revising the Cyber Sense testing process; (8) oversee Cyber Sense testing carried out by third parties; and (9) consider incentives to encourage the use in the bulk-power system of products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program. (c) DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .—Any vul- nerability reported pursuant to regulations pro-mulgated under subsection (b)(3), the disclosure of which the agency reasonably foresees would cause harm to critical electric infrastructure (as defined in section 215A of the Federal Power Act), shall be deemed to be critical electric infra-structure information for purposes of section 215A(d) of the Federal Power Act. (d) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT LIABILITY .—Con- sistent with other voluntary Federal Govern-ment certification programs, nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to authorize the com-mencement of an action against the United States Government with respect to the testing and identification of a product under the Cyber Sense program. 
SEC. 1107. STATE COVERAGE AND CONSIDER-ATION OF PURPA STANDARDS FOR ELECTRIC UTILITIES. 
(a) S TATE CONSIDERATION OF RESILIENCY AND  A
DVANCED ENERGY ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGIES  
ANDRELIABLE GENERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION .—Section 111(d) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2621(d)) is amended by adding the fol-lowing at the end: ‘‘(20) I
MPROVING THE RESILIENCE OF ELECTRIC  
INFRASTRUCTURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each electric utility shall develop a plan to use resiliency-related tech-nologies, upgrades, measures, and other ap-proaches designed to improve the resilience of electric infrastructure, mitigate power outages, continue delivery of vital services, and maintain the flow of power to facilities critical to public health, safety, and welfare, to the extent prac-ticable using the most current data, metrics, and frameworks related to current and future threats, including physical and cyber attacks, electromagnetic pulse attacks, geomagnetic dis-turbances, seismic events, and severe weather and other environmental stressors. ‘‘(B) R
ESILIENCY -RELATED TECHNOLOGIES .— For purposes of this paragraph, examples of re-siliency-related technologies, upgrades, meas-ures, and other approaches include— ‘‘(i) hardening, or other enhanced protection, of utility poles, wiring, cabling, and other dis-tribution components, facilities, or structures; ‘‘(ii) advanced grid technologies capable of isolating or repairing problems remotely, such as advanced metering infrastructure, high-tech sensors, grid monitoring and control systems, and remote reconfiguration and redundancy systems; ‘‘(iii) cybersecurity products and components; ‘‘(iv) distributed generation, including back- up generation to power critical facilities and es-sential services, and related integration compo-nents, such as advanced inverter technology; ‘‘(v) microgrid systems, including hybrid microgrid systems for isolated communities; ‘‘(vi) combined heat and power; ‘‘(vii) waste heat resources; ‘‘(viii) non-grid-scale energy storage tech-nologies; ‘‘(ix) wiring, cabling, and other distribution components, including submersible distribution components, and enclosures; ‘‘(x) electronically controlled reclosers and similar technologies for power restoration, in-cluding emergency mobile substations, as de-fined in section 1105 of the North American En-ergy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2016; ‘‘(xi) advanced energy analytics technology, such as Internet-based and cloud-based com-puting solutions and subscription licensing mod-els; ‘‘(xii) measures that enhance resilience through planning, preparation, response, and recovery activities; ‘‘(xiii) operational capabilities to enhance re-silience through rapid response recovery; and ‘‘(xiv) measures to ensure availability of key critical components through contracts, coopera-tive agreements, stockpiling and prepositioning, or other measures. ‘‘(C) RATE RECOVERY .—Each State regulatory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) shall consider authorizing each such electric utility to recover any capital, operating expenditure, or other costs of the electric utility related to the procurement, deployment, or use of resiliency- related technologies, including a reasonable rate of return on the capital expenditures of the elec-tric utility for the procurement, deployment, or use of resiliency-related technologies. ‘‘(21) P
ROMOTING INVESTMENTS IN ADVANCED  
ENERGY ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each electric utility shall develop and implement a plan for deploying ad-vanced energy analytics technology. ‘‘(B) R
ATE RECOVERY .—Each State regulatory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) shall consider confirming and clarifying, if necessary, that each such electric utility is authorized to recover the costs of the electric utility relating to the procurement, deployment, or use of ad-vanced energy analytics technology, including a reasonable rate of return on all such costs in-curred by the electric utility for the procure-ment, deployment, or use of advanced energy analytics technology, provided such technology is used by the electric utility for purposes of re-alizing operational efficiencies, cost savings, en-hanced energy management and customer en-gagement, improvements in system reliability, safety, and cybersecurity, or other benefits to ratepayers. ‘‘(C) A
DVANCED ENERGY ANALYTICS TECH -
NOLOGY .—For purposes of this paragraph, ex-amples of advanced energy analytics technology include Internet-based and cloud-based com-puting solutions and subscription licensing mod-els, including software as a service that uses cyber-physical systems to allow the correlation of data aggregated from appropriate data sources and smart grid sensor networks, employs analytics and machine learning, or employs other advanced computing solutions and models. ‘‘(22) A
SSURING ELECTRIC RELIABILITY WITH  
RELIABLE GENERATION .— ‘‘(A) A
SSURANCE OF ELECTRIC RELIABILITY .— Each electric utility shall adopt or modify poli-cies to ensure that such electric utility incor-porates reliable generation into its integrated re-source plan to assure the availability of electric energy over a 10-year planning period. ‘‘(B) R
ELIABLE GENERATION .—For purposes of this paragraph, ‘reliable generation’ means elec-tric generation facilities with reliability at-tributes that include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3126 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(i)(I) possession of adequate fuel on-site to enable operation for an extended period of time; ‘‘(II) the operational ability to generate elec-tric energy from more than one source; or ‘‘(III) fuel certainty, through firm contractual obligations (which may not be required to be for a period longer than one year), that ensures adequate fuel supply to enable operation, for an extended period of time, for the duration of an emergency or severe weather conditions; ‘‘(ii) operational characteristics that enable the generation of electric energy for the dura-tion of an emergency or severe weather condi-tions; and ‘‘(iii) unless procured through other procure-ment mechanisms, essential reliability services, including frequency support and regulation services. ‘‘(23) S
UBSIDIZATION OF CUSTOMER -SIDE TECH -
NOLOGY .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSIDERATION .—To the extent that a State regulatory authority may require or allow rates charged by any electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority to electric consumers that do not use a customer-side technology to include any cost, fee, or charge that directly or indirectly cross-subsidizes the deployment, con-struction, maintenance, or operation of that customer-side technology, such authority shall evaluate whether subsidizing the deployment, construction, maintenance, or operation of a customer-side technology would— ‘‘(i) result in benefits predominately enjoyed by only the users of that customer-side tech-nology; ‘‘(ii) shift costs of a customer-side technology to electricity consumers that do not use that customer-side technology, particularly where disparate economic or resource conditions exist among the electricity consumers cross-sub-sidizing the costumer-side technology; ‘‘(iii) negatively affect resource utilization, fuel diversity, or grid security; ‘‘(iv) provide any unfair competitive advan-tage to market the customer-side technology; and ‘‘(v) be necessary to fulfill an obligation to serve electric consumers. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—Each State regulatory authority shall make available to the public the evaluation completed under subparagraph (A) at least 90 days prior to any proceedings in which such authority considers the cross-sub-sidization of a customer-side technology. ‘‘(C) C
USTOMER -SIDE TECHNOLOGY .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘customer-side technology’ means a device connected to the electricity distribution system— ‘‘(i) at, or on the customer side of, the meter; or ‘‘(ii) that, if owned or operated by or on be-half of an electric utility, would otherwise be at, or on the customer side of, the meter.’’. (2) C
OMPLIANCE .— (A) T
IME LIMITATIONS .—Section 112(b) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7)(A) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, each State regu-latory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) and each nonregulated electric utility, as appli-cable, shall commence the consideration referred to in section 111, or set a hearing date for con-sideration, with respect to the standards estab-lished by paragraphs (20), (22), and (23) of sec-tion 111(d). ‘‘(B) Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, each State reg-ulatory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) and each nonregulated electric utility, as appli-cable, shall complete the consideration, and shall make the determination, referred to in sec-tion 111 with respect to each standard estab-lished by paragraphs (20), (22), and (23) of sec-tion 111(d). ‘‘(8)(A) Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this paragraph, each State reg-ulatory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) and each nonregulated electric utility shall com-mence the consideration referred to in section 111, or set a hearing date for consideration, with respect to the standard established by para-graph (21) of section 111(d). ‘‘(B) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, each State regu-latory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) and each nonregulated electric utility shall com-plete the consideration, and shall make the de-termination, referred to in section 111 with re-spect to the standard established by paragraph (21) of section 111(d).’’. (B) FAILURE TO COMPLY .—Section 112(c) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(c)) is amended by adding the following at the end: ‘‘In the case of the standards established by paragraphs (20) through (23) of section 111(d), the reference con-tained in this subsection to the date of enact-ment of this Act shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the date of enactment of such para-graphs.’’. (C) P
RIOR STATE ACTIONS .—Section 112 of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) P
RIOR STATE ACTIONS .—Subsections (b) and (c) of this section shall not apply to a standard established by paragraph (20), (21), (22), or (23) of section 111(d) in the case of any electric utility in a State if— ‘‘(1) before the date of enactment of this sub-section, the State has implemented for such util-ity the standard concerned (or a comparable standard); ‘‘(2) the State regulatory authority for such State or relevant nonregulated electric utility has conducted a proceeding to consider imple-mentation of the standard concerned (or a com-parable standard) for such utility during the 3- year period ending on the date of enactment of this subsection; or ‘‘(3) the State legislature has voted on the im-plementation of the standard concerned (or a comparable standard) for such utility during the 3-year period ending on the date of enactment of this subsection.’’. (b) C
OVERAGE FOR COMPETITIVE MARKETS .— Section 102 of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2612) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) C
OVERAGE FOR COMPETITIVE MARKETS .— The requirements of this title do not apply to the operations of an electric utility, or to pro-ceedings respecting such operations, to the ex-tent that such operations or proceedings, or any portion thereof, relate to the competitive sale of retail electric energy that is unbundled or sepa-rated from the regulated provision or sale of dis-tribution service.’’. 
SEC. 1108. RELIABILITY ANALYSIS FOR CERTAIN RULES THAT AFFECT ELECTRIC GEN-ERATING FACILITIES. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply with respect to any proposed or final covered rule issued by a Federal agency for which com-pliance with the rule may impact an electric utility generating unit or units, including by re-sulting in closure or interruption to operations of such a unit or units. (b) R
ELIABILITY ANALYSIS .— (1) A
NALYSIS OF RULES .—The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, in consultation with the Electric Reliability Organization, shall con-duct an independent reliability analysis of a proposed or final covered rule under this section to evaluate the anticipated effects of implemen-tation and enforcement of the rule on— (A) electric reliability and resource adequacy; (B) the electricity generation portfolio of the United States; (C) the operation of wholesale electricity mar-kets; and (D) energy delivery and infrastructure, in-cluding electric transmission facilities and nat-ural gas pipelines. (2) RELEVANT INFORMATION .— (A) M
ATERIALS FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .—A Federal agency shall provide to the Commission materials and information relevant to the anal-ysis required under paragraph (1) for a rule, in-cluding relevant data, modeling, and resource adequacy and reliability assessments, prepared or relied upon by such agency in developing the rule. (B) A
NALYSES FROM OTHER ENTITIES .—The Electric Reliability Organization, regional enti-ties, regional transmission organizations, inde-pendent system operators, and other reliability coordinators and planning authorities shall timely conduct analyses and provide such infor-mation as may be reasonably requested by the Commission. (3) N
OTICE .—A Federal agency shall provide to the Commission notice of the issuance of any proposed or final covered rule not later than 15 days after the date of such issuance. (c) P
ROPOSED RULES.—Not later than 150 days after the date of publication in the Federal Reg-ister of a proposed rule described in subsection (a), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall make available to the public an analysis of the proposed rule conducted in accordance with subsection (b), and any relevant special assess-ment or seasonal or long-term reliability assess-ment completed by the Electric Reliability Orga-nization. (d) F
INAL RULES.— (1) I
NCLUSION .—A final rule described in sub-section (a) shall include, if available at the time of issuance, a copy of the analysis conducted pursuant to subsection (c) of the rule as pro-posed. (2) A
NALYSIS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of publication in the Federal Register of a final rule described in subsection (a), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall make available to the public an analysis of the final rule conducted in accordance with sub-section (b), and any relevant special assessment or seasonal or long-term reliability assessment completed by the Electric Reliability Organiza-tion. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LECTRIC RELIABILITY ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘Electric Reliability Organization’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). (2) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal agency’’ means an agency, as that term is de-fined in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (3) C
OVERED RULE .—The term ‘‘covered rule’’ means a proposed or final rule that is estimated by the Federal agency issuing the rule, or the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to result in an annual effect on the economy of $1,000,000,000 or more. 
SEC. 1109. INCREASED ACCOUNTABILITY WITH RESPECT TO CARBON CAPTURE, UTI-LIZATION, AND SEQUESTRATION PROJECTS. 
(a) DOE E VALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall, in accordance with this section, annually conduct an evaluation, and make recommenda-tions, with respect to each project conducted by the Secretary for research, development, dem-onstration, or deployment of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technologies (also known as carbon capture and storage and utili-zation technologies). (2) S
COPE.—For purposes of this section, a project includes any contract, lease, cooperative agreement, or other similar transaction with a public agency or private organization or person, entered into or performed, or any payment made, by the Secretary for research, develop-ment, demonstration, or deployment of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nologies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3127 May 25, 2016 
(b) R EQUIREMENTS FOR EVALUATION .—In con- ducting an evaluation of a project under this section, the Secretary shall— (1) examine if the project has made advance-ments toward achieving any specific goal of the project with respect to a carbon capture, utiliza-tion, and sequestration technology; and (2) evaluate and determine if the project has made significant progress in advancing a carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nology. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—For each evaluation of a project conducted under this section, if the Secretary determines that— (1) significant progress in advancing a carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nology has been made, the Secretary shall assess the funding of the project and make a rec-ommendation as to whether increased funding is necessary to advance the project; or (2) significant progress in advancing a carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration tech-nology has not been made, the Secretary shall— (A) assess the funding of the project and make a recommendation as to whether increased funding is necessary to advance the project; (B) assess and determine if the project has reached its full potential; and (C) make a recommendation as to whether the project should continue. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EPORT ON EVALUATIONS AND REC -
OMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— (A) issue a report on the evaluations con-ducted and recommendations made during the previous year pursuant to this section; and (B) make each such report available on the Internet website of the Department of Energy. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 3 years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Subcommittee on Energy and Power of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report on— (A) the evaluations conducted and rec-ommendations made during the previous 3 years pursuant to this section; and (B) the progress of the Department of Energy in advancing carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technologies, including progress in achieving the Department of Energy’s goal of having an array of advanced carbon capture and sequestration technologies ready by 2020 for large-scale demonstration. 
SEC. 1110. RELIABILITY AND PERFORMANCE AS-SURANCE IN REGIONAL TRANS-MISSION ORGANIZATIONS. 
Part II of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824 et seq.), as amended by section 1104, is fur-ther amended by adding after section 215A the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 215B. RELIABILITY AND PERFORMANCE AS-SURANCE IN REGIONAL TRANS-MISSION ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘(a) E XISTING CAPACITY MARKETS .— ‘‘(1) A
NALYSIS CONCERNING CAPACITY MARKET  
DESIGN .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, each Regional Transmission Organization, and each Inde-pendent System Operator, that operates a ca-pacity market, or a comparable market intended to ensure the procurement and availability of sufficient future electric energy resources, that is subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission, shall provide to the Commission an analysis of how the structure of such market meets the fol-lowing criteria: ‘‘(A) The structure of such market utilizes competitive market forces to the extent prac-ticable in procuring capacity resources. ‘‘(B) Consistent with subparagraph (A), the structure of such market includes resource-neu-tral performance criteria that ensure the pro-curement of sufficient capacity from physical generation facilities that have reliability at-tributes that include— ‘‘(i)(I) possession of adequate fuel on-site to enable operation for an extended period of time; ‘‘(II) the operational ability to generate elec-tric energy from more than one fuel source; or ‘‘(III) fuel certainty, through firm contractual obligations, that ensures adequate fuel supply to enable operation, for an extended period of time, for the duration of an emergency or severe weather conditions; ‘‘(ii) operational characteristics that enable the generation of electric energy for the dura-tion of an emergency or severe weather condi-tions; and ‘‘(iii) unless procured through other markets or procurement mechanisms, essential reliability services, including frequency support and regu-lation services. ‘‘(2) COMMISSION EVALUATION AND REPORT .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Commission shall make publicly available, and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources in the Senate, a report con-taining— ‘‘(A) evaluation of whether the structure of each market addressed in an analysis submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) meets the criteria under such paragraph, based on the analysis; and ‘‘(B) to the extent a market so addressed does not meet such criteria, any recommendations with respect to the procurement of sufficient ca-pacity, as described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(b) C
OMMISSION EVALUATION AND REPORT  
FORNEWSCHEDULES .— ‘‘(1) I
NCLUSION OF ANALYSIS IN FILING .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (a)(2), whenever a Regional Transmission Organization or Inde-pendent System Operator files a new schedule under section 205 to establish a market described in subsection (a)(1), or that substantially modi-fies the capacity market design of a market de-scribed in subsection (a)(1), the Regional Trans-mission Organization or Independent System Operator shall include in any such filing the analysis required by subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) E
VALUATION AND REPORT .—Not later than 180 days of receiving an analysis under para-graph (1), the Commission shall make publicly available, and submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce in the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources in the Senate, a report containing— ‘‘(A) an evaluation of whether the structure of the market addressed in the analysis meets the criteria under subsection (a)(1), based on the analysis; and ‘‘(B) to the extent the market does not meet such criteria, any recommendations with respect to the procurement of sufficient capacity, as de-scribed in subsection (a)(1)(B). ‘‘(c) E
FFECT ON EXISTING APPROVALS .—Noth- ing in this section shall be considered to— ‘‘(1) require a modification of the Commis-sion’s approval of the capacity market design approved pursuant to docket numbers ER15–623– 000, EL15–29–000, EL14–52–000, and ER14–2419– 000; or ‘‘(2) provide grounds for the Commission to grant rehearing or otherwise modify orders issued in those dockets.’’. 
SEC. 1111. ETHANE STORAGE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with other relevant agencies and stakeholders, shall conduct a study on the feasibility of estab-lishing an ethane storage and distribution hub in the United States. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study conducted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an examination of— (A) potential locations; (B) economic feasibility; (C) economic benefits; (D) geological storage capacity capabilities; (E) above ground storage capabilities; (F) infrastructure needs; and (G) other markets and trading hubs, particu-larly related to ethane; and (2) identification of potential additional bene-fits to energy security. (c) PUBLICATION OF RESULTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce shall publish the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) on the websites of the Depart-ments of Energy and Commerce, respectively, and shall submit such results to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committees on Energy and Natural Resources and Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 1112. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON GRID MOD-ERNIZATION. 
It is the policy of the United States to promote and advance— (1) the modernization of the energy delivery infrastructure of the United States, and bolster the reliability, affordability, diversity, effi-ciency, security, and resiliency of domestic en-ergy supplies, through advanced grid tech-nologies; (2) the modernization of the electric grid to enable a robust multi-directional power flow that leverages centralized energy resources and distributed energy resources, enables robust re-tail transactions, and facilitates the alignment of business and regulatory models to achieve a grid that optimizes the entire electric delivery system; (3) relevant research and development in ad-vanced grid technologies, including— (A) energy storage; (B) predictive tools and requisite real-time data to enable the dynamic optimization of grid operations; (C) power electronics, including smart invert-ers, that ease the challenge of intermittent re-newable resources and distributed generation; (D) real-time data and situational awareness tools and systems; and (E) tools to increase data security, physical security, and cybersecurity awareness and pro-tection; (4) the leadership of the United States in basic and applied sciences to develop a systems ap-proach to innovation and development of cyber- secure advanced grid technologies, architec-tures, and control paradigms capable of man-aging diverse supplies and loads; (5) the safeguarding of the critical energy de-livery infrastructure of the United States and the enhanced resilience of the infrastructure to all hazards, including— (A) severe weather events; (B) cyber and physical threats; and (C) other factors that affect energy delivery; (6) the coordination of goals, investments to optimize the grid, and other measures for energy efficiency, advanced grid technologies, inter-operability, and demand response-side manage-ment resources; (7) partnerships with States and the private sector— (A) to facilitate advanced grid capabilities and strategies; and (B) to provide technical assistance, tools, or other related information necessary to enhance grid integration, particularly in connection with the development at the State and local levels of strategic energy, energy surety and assurance, and emergency preparedness, response, and res-toration planning; (8) the deployment of information and commu-nications technologies at all levels of the electric system; (9) opportunities to provide consumers with timely information and advanced control op-tions; (10) sophisticated or advanced control options to integrate distributed energy resources and as-sociated ancillary services; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3128 May 25, 2016 
(11) open-source communications, database architectures, and common information model standards, guidelines, and protocols that enable interoperability to maximize efficiency gains and associated benefits among— (A) the grid; (B) energy and building management systems; and (C) residential, commercial, and industrial equipment; (12) private sector investment in the energy delivery infrastructure of the United States through targeted demonstration and validation of advanced grid technologies; and (13) establishment of common valuation meth-ods and tools for cost-benefit analysis of grid in-tegration paradigms. 
SEC. 1113. GRID RESILIENCE REPORT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Congress a report on methods to increase electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, and severe weather. 
SEC. 1114. GAO REPORT ON IMPROVING NA-TIONAL RESPONSE CENTER. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of ways in which the ca-pabilities of the National Response Center could be improved. 
SEC. 1115. DESIGNATION OF NATIONAL ENERGY SECURITY CORRIDORS ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) is amended as fol-lows: (1) In subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘(b)(1) For the purposes of this section ‘Federal lands’ means’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b)(1) For the purposes of this section ‘Fed-eral lands’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means’’; (B) by striking the period at the end of para-graph (1) and inserting ‘‘; and’’ and by adding at the end of paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(B) for purposes of granting an application for a natural gas pipeline right-of-way, means all lands owned by the United States except— ‘‘(i) such lands held in trust for an Indian or Indian tribe; and ‘‘(ii) lands on the Outer Continental Shelf.’’. (2) By redesignating subsection (b), as so amended, as subsection (z), and transferring such subsection to appear after subsection (y) of that section. (3) By inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ENERGY SECURITY COR-
RIDORS .— ‘‘(1) D
ESIGNATION .—In addition to other au-thorities under this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) identify and designate suitable Federal lands as National Energy Security Corridors (in this subsection referred to as a ‘Corridor’), which shall be used for construction, operation, and maintenance of natural gas transmission facilities; and ‘‘(B) incorporate such Corridors upon des-ignation into the relevant agency land use and resource management plans or equivalent plans. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In evaluating Federal lands for designation as a National Energy Se-curity Corridor, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) employ the principle of multiple use to ensure route decisions balance national energy security needs with existing land use principles; ‘‘(B) seek input from other Federal counter-parts, State, local, and tribal governments, and affected utility and pipeline industries to deter-mine the best suitable, most cost-effective, and commercially viable acreage for natural gas transmission facilities; ‘‘(C) focus on transmission routes that im-prove domestic energy security through increas-ing reliability, relieving congestion, reducing natural gas prices, and meeting growing de-mand for natural gas; and ‘‘(D) take into account technological innova-tions that reduce the need for surface disturb-ance. ‘‘(3) PROCEDURES .—The Secretary shall estab-lish procedures to expedite and approve applica-tions for rights-of-way for natural gas pipelines across National Energy Security Corridors, that— ‘‘(A) ensure a transparent process for review of applications for rights-of-way on such cor-ridors; ‘‘(B) require an approval time of not more than 1 year after the date of receipt of an appli-cation for a right-of-way; and ‘‘(C) require, upon receipt of such an applica-tion, notice to the applicant of a predictable timeline for consideration of the application, that clearly delineates important milestones in the process of such consideration. ‘‘(4) S
TATE INPUT .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUESTS AUTHORIZED .—The Governor of a State may submit requests to the Secretary of the Interior to designate Corridors on Federal land in that State. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION OF REQUESTS .—After re- ceiving such a request, the Secretary shall re-spond in writing, within 30 days— ‘‘(i) acknowledging receipt of the request; and ‘‘(ii) setting forth a timeline in which the Sec-retary shall grant, deny, or modify such request and state the reasons for doing so. ‘‘(5) S
PATIAL DISTRIBUTION OF CORRIDORS .—In implementing this subsection, the Secretary shall coordinate with other Federal Depart-ments to— ‘‘(A) minimize the proliferation of duplicative natural gas pipeline rights-of-way on Federal lands where feasible; ‘‘(B) ensure Corridors can connect effectively across Federal lands; and ‘‘(C) utilize input from utility and pipeline in-dustries submitting applications for rights-of- way to site corridors in economically feasible areas that reduce impacts, to the extent prac-ticable, on local communities. ‘‘(6) N
OT A MAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .—Designa- tion of a Corridor under this subsection, and in-corporation of Corridors into agency plans under paragraph (1)(B), shall not be treated as a major Federal action for purpose of section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). ‘‘(7) N
O LIMIT ON NUMBER OR LENGTH OF COR -
RIDORS .—Nothing in this subsection limits the number or physical dimensions of Corridors that the Secretary may designate under this sub-section. ‘‘(8) O
THER AUTHORITY NOT AFFECTED .—Noth- ing in this subsection affects the authority of the Secretary to issue rights-of-way on Federal land that is not located in a Corridor designated under this subsection. ‘‘(9) NEPA 
CLARIFICATION .—All applications for rights-of-way for natural gas transmission facilities across Corridors designated under this subsection shall be subject to the environmental protections outlined in subsection (h).’’. (b) A
PPLICATIONS RECEIVED BEFORE DESIGNA -
TION OF CORRIDORS .—Any application for a right-of-way under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) that is received by the Secretary of the Interior before designation of National Energy Security Corridors under the amendment made by subsection (a) of this sec-tion shall be reviewed and acted upon independ-ently by the Secretary without regard to the process for such designation. (c) D
EADLINE .—Within 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall designate at least 10 National Energy Security Corridors under the amendment made by subsection (a) in States referred to in section 368(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15926(b)). SEC. 1116. VEGETATION MANAGEMENT, FACILITY INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ON FEDERAL LANDS CONTAINING ELECTRIC TRANS-MISSION AND DISTRIBUTION FACILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 512. VEGETATION MANAGEMENT, FACILITY INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE RELATING TO ELEC-TRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBU-TION FACILITY RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL DIRECTION .—In order to en-hance the reliability of the electric grid and re-duce the threat of wildfires to and from electric transmission and distribution rights-of-way and related facilities and adjacent property, the Sec-retary, with respect to public lands and other lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to National Forest System lands, shall provide di-rection to ensure that all existing and future rights-of-way, however established (including by grant, special use authorization, and ease-ment), for electric transmission and distribution facilities on such lands include provisions for utility vegetation management, facility inspec-tion, and operation and maintenance activities that, while consistent with applicable law— ‘‘(1) are developed in consultation with the holder of the right-of-way; ‘‘(2) enable the owner or operator of an elec-tric transmission and distribution facility to op-erate and maintain the facility in good working order and to comply with Federal, State, and local electric system reliability and fire safety requirements, including reliability standards es-tablished by the North American Electric Reli-ability Corporation and plans to meet such reli-ability standards; ‘‘(3) minimize the need for case-by-case or an-nual approvals for— ‘‘(A) routine vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance ac-tivities within existing electric transmission and distribution rights-of-way; and ‘‘(B) utility vegetation management activities that are necessary to control hazard trees with-in or adjacent to electric transmission and dis-tribution rights-of-way; and ‘‘(4) when review is required, provide for expe-dited review and approval of utility vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance activities, especially activities requiring prompt action to avoid an adverse im-pact on human safety or electric reliability to avoid fire hazards. ‘‘(b) V
EGETATION MANAGEMENT , FACILITY IN-
SPECTION , AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  P
LANS.— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT AND SUBMISSION .—Con- sistent with subsection (a), the Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall provide own-ers and operators of electric transmission and distribution facilities located on lands described in such subsection with the option to develop and submit a vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan, that at each owner or operator’s discretion may cover some or all of the owner or operator’s electric transmission and distribution rights-of- way on Federal lands, for approval to the Sec-retary with jurisdiction over the lands. A plan under this paragraph shall enable the owner or operator of an electric transmission and dis-tribution facility, at a minimum, to comply with applicable Federal, State, and local electric sys-tem reliability and fire safety requirements, as provided in subsection (a)(2). The Secretaries shall not have the authority to modify those re-quirements. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL PROCESS .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly develop a consolidated and coordinated process for review and approval of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3129 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(A) vegetation management, facility inspec-tion, and operation and maintenance plans sub-mitted under paragraph (1) that— ‘‘(i) assures prompt review and approval not to exceed 90 days; ‘‘(ii) includes timelines and benchmarks for agency comments on submitted plans and final approval of such plans; ‘‘(iii) is consistent with applicable law; and ‘‘(iv) minimizes the costs of the process to the reviewing agency and the entity submitting the plans; and ‘‘(B) amendments to the plans in a prompt manner if changed conditions necessitate a modification to a plan. ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—The review and approval process under paragraph (2) shall— ‘‘(A) include notification by the agency of any changed conditions that warrant a modification to a plan; ‘‘(B) provide an opportunity for the owner or operator to submit a proposed plan amendment to address directly the changed condition; and ‘‘(C) allow the owner or operator to continue to implement those elements of the approved plan that do not directly and adversely affect the condition precipitating the need for modi-fication. ‘‘(4) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION PROCESS .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall apply his or her categorical exclusion process under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) to plans developed under this subsection on existing electric trans-mission and distribution rights-of-way under this subsection. ‘‘(5) I
MPLEMENTATION .—A plan approved under this subsection shall become part of the authorization governing the covered right-of- way and hazard trees adjacent to the right-of- way. If a vegetation management plan is pro-posed for an existing electric transmission and distribution facility concurrent with the siting of a new electric transmission or distribution fa-cility, necessary reviews shall be completed as part of the siting process or sooner. Once the plan is approved, the owner or operator shall provide the agency with only a notification of activities anticipated to be undertaken in the coming year, a description of those activities, and certification that the activities are in ac-cordance with the plan. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSE TO EMERGENCY CONDITIONS .— If vegetation on Federal lands within, or hazard trees on Federal lands adjacent to, an electric transmission or distribution right-of-way grant-ed by the Secretary or the Secretary of Agri-culture has contacted or is in imminent danger of contacting one or more electric transmission or distribution lines, the owner or operator of the electric transmission or distribution lines— ‘‘(1) may prune or remove the vegetation to avoid the disruption of electric service and risk of fire; and ‘‘(2) shall notify the appropriate local agent of the relevant Secretary not later than 24 hours after such removal. ‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE RELI-
ABILITY AND SAFETY STANDARDS .—If vegetation on Federal lands within or adjacent to an elec-tric transmission or distribution right-of-way under the jurisdiction of each Secretary does not meet clearance requirements under stand-ards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, or by State and local authorities, and the Secretary having jurisdic-tion over the lands has failed to act to allow an electric transmission or distribution facility owner or operator to conduct vegetation man-agement activities within 3 business days after receiving a request to allow such activities, the owner or operator may, after notifying the Sec-retary, conduct such vegetation management ac-tivities to meet those clearance requirements. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary or Secretary of Agriculture shall report requests and actions made under subsections (c) and (d) annually on each Secretary’s website. ‘‘(f) LIABILITY .—An owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution facility shall not be held liable for wildfire damage, loss, or injury, including the cost of fire suppression, if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary or the Secretary of Agri-culture fails to allow the owner or operator to operate consistently with an approved vegeta-tion management, facility inspection, and oper-ation and maintenance plan on Federal lands under the relevant Secretary’s jurisdiction with-in or adjacent to a right-of-way to comply with Federal, State, or local electric system reliability and fire safety standards, including standards established by the North American Electric Reli-ability Corporation; or ‘‘(2) the Secretary or the Secretary of Agri-culture fails to allow the owner or operator of the electric transmission or distribution facility to perform appropriate vegetation management activities in response to an identified hazard tree, or a tree in imminent danger of contacting the owner’s or operator’s electric transmission or distribution facility. ‘‘(g) T
RAINING AND GUIDANCE .—In consulta-tion with the electric utility industry, the Sec-retary and the Secretary of Agriculture are en-couraged to develop a program to train per-sonnel of the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service involved in vegetation manage-ment decisions relating to electric transmission and distribution facilities to ensure that such personnel— ‘‘(1) understand electric system reliability and fire safety requirements, including reliability standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation; ‘‘(2) assist owners and operators of electric transmission and distribution facilities to com-ply with applicable electric reliability and fire safety requirements; and ‘‘(3) encourage and assist willing owners and operators of electric transmission and distribu-tion facilities to incorporate on a voluntary basis vegetation management practices to en-hance habitats and forage for pollinators and for other wildlife so long as the practices are compatible with the integrated vegetation man-agement practices necessary for reliability and safety. ‘‘(h) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall— ‘‘(1) not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section, propose regula-tions, or amended existing regulations, to imple-ment this section; and ‘‘(2) not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this section, finalize regula-tions, or amended existing regulations, to imple-ment this section. ‘‘(i) E
XISTING VEGETATION MANAGEMENT , FA-
CILITY INSPECTION , ANDOPERATION AND MAIN-
TENANCE PLANS.—Nothing in this section re-quires an owner or operator to develop and sub-mit a vegetation management, facility inspec-tion, and operation and maintenance plan if one has already been approved by the Secretary or Secretary of Agriculture before the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
AZARD TREE .—The term ‘hazard tree’ means any tree inside the right-of-way or lo-cated outside the right-of-way that has been found by the either the owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution facility, or the Secretary or the Secretary of Agriculture, to be likely to fail and cause a high risk of injury, damage, or disruption within 10 feet of an elec-tric power line or related structure if it fell. ‘‘(2) O
WNER OR OPERATOR .—The terms ‘owner’ and ‘operator’ include contractors or other agents engaged by the owner or operator of an electric transmission and distribution facility. ‘‘(3) V
EGETATION MANAGEMENT , FACILITY IN -
SPECTION , AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
PLAN.—The term ‘vegetation management, facil-ity inspection, and operation and maintenance plan’ means a plan that— ‘‘(A) is prepared by the owner or operator of one or more electric transmission or distribution facilities to cover one or more electric trans-mission and distribution rights-of-way; and ‘‘(B) provides for the long-term, cost-effective, efficient, and timely management of facilities and vegetation within the width of the right-of- way and adjacent Federal lands to enhance electric reliability, promote public safety, and avoid fire hazards.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 511 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 512. Vegetation management, facility in-spection, and operation and main-tenance relating to electric trans-mission and distribution facility rights-of-way.’’. Subtitle B—Hydropower Regulatory Modernization 
SEC. 1201. PROTECTION OF PRIVATE PROPERTY RIGHTS IN HYDROPOWER LICENS-ING. 
(a) L ICENCES .—Section 4(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 797(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘recreational op-portunities,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, and minimizing infringe-ment on the useful exercise and enjoyment of property rights held by nonlicensees’’ after ‘‘as-pects of environmental quality’’. (b) P
RIVATE LANDOWNERSHIP .—Section 10 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing minimizing infringement on the useful exer-cise and enjoyment of property rights held by nonlicensees’’ after ‘‘section 4(e)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) P
RIVATE LANDOWNERSHIP .—In developing any recreational resource within the project boundary, the licensee shall consider private landownership as a means to encourage and fa-cilitate— ‘‘(1) private investment; and ‘‘(2) increased tourism and recreational use.’’. 
SEC. 1202. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FERC PROJECT INVOLVING W. KERR SCOTT DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission project numbered 12642, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accord-ance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the Commission’s procedures under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .—If the period required for commencement of con-struction of the project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license effective as of the date of its expira-tion and the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of such expiration. 
SEC. 1203. HYDROPOWER LICENSING AND PROC-ESS IMPROVEMENTS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 34. HYDROPOWER LICENSING AND PROC-ESS IMPROVEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘Federal authorization’— ‘‘(1) means any authorization required under Federal law with respect to an application for a license, license amendment, or exemption under this part; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3130 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(2) includes any permits, special use author-izations, certifications, opinions, or other ap-provals as may be required under Federal law to approve or implement the license, license amend-ment, or exemption under this part. ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION AS LEADAGENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall act as the lead agency for the purposes of coordi-nating all applicable Federal authorizations and for the purposes of complying with the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(2) O
THER AGENCIES AND INDIAN TRIBES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each Federal, State, and local government agency and Indian tribe con-sidering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization shall coordinate with the Commis-sion and comply with the deadline established in the schedule developed for the project in ac-cordance with the rule issued by the Commission under subsection (c). ‘‘(B) I
DENTIFICATION .—The Commission shall identify, as early as practicable after it is noti-fied by the applicant of a project or facility re-quiring Commission action under this part, any Federal or State agency, local government, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an application for a Federal authorization. ‘‘(C) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall no-tify any agency and Indian tribe identified under subparagraph (B) of the opportunity to participate in the process of reviewing an aspect of an application for a Federal authorization. ‘‘(ii) D
EADLINE .—Each agency and Indian tribe receiving a notice under clause (i) shall submit a response acknowledging receipt of the notice to the Commission within 30 days of re-ceipt of such notice and request. ‘‘(D) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— ‘‘(i) I
DENTIFICATION OF ISSUES .—Federal, State, and local government agencies and In-dian tribes that may consider an aspect of an application for Federal authorization shall identify, as early as possible, and share with the Commission and the applicant, any issues of concern identified during the pendency of the Commission’s action under this part relating to any Federal authorization that may delay or prevent the granting of such authorization, in-cluding any issues that may prevent the agency or Indian tribe from meeting the schedule estab-lished for the project in accordance with the rule issued by the Commission under subsection (c). ‘‘(ii) I
SSUE RESOLUTION .—The Commission may forward any issue of concern identified under clause (i) to the heads of the relevant State and Federal agencies (including, in the case of scheduling concerns identified by a State or local government agency or Indian tribe, the Federal agency overseeing the delegated author-ity, or the Secretary of the Interior with regard to scheduling concerns identified by an Indian tribe) for resolution. The Commission and any relevant agency shall enter into a memorandum of understanding to facilitate interagency co-ordination and resolution of such issues of con-cern, as appropriate. ‘‘(c) S
CHEDULE .— ‘‘(1) C
OMMISSION RULEMAKING TO ESTABLISH  
PROCESS TO SET SCHEDULE .—Within 180 days of the date of enactment of this section the Com-mission shall, in consultation with the appro-priate Federal agencies, issue a rule, after pro-viding for notice and public comment, estab-lishing a process for setting a schedule following the filing of an application under this part for the review and disposition of each Federal au-thorization. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS OF SCHEDULING RULE .—In issuing a rule under this subsection, the Com-mission shall ensure that the schedule for each Federal authorization— ‘‘(A) includes deadlines for actions by— ‘‘(i) any Federal or State agency, local gov-ernment, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an application for the Federal author-ization; ‘‘(ii) the applicant; ‘‘(iii) the Commission; and ‘‘(iv) other participants in a proceeding; ‘‘(B) is developed in consultation with the ap-plicant and any agency and Indian tribe that submits a response under subsection (b)(2)(C)(ii); ‘‘(C) provides an opportunity for any Federal or State agency, local government, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an applica-tion for the applicable Federal authorization to identify and resolve issues of concern, as pro-vided in subsection (b)(2)(D); ‘‘(D) complies with applicable schedules estab-lished under Federal and State law; ‘‘(E) ensures expeditious completion of all pro-ceedings required under Federal and State law, to the extent practicable; and ‘‘(F) facilitates completion of Federal and State agency studies, reviews, and any other procedures required prior to, or concurrent with, the preparation of the Commission’s environ-mental document required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(d) TRANSMISSION OF FINAL SCHEDULE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each application for a license, license amendment, or exemption under this part, the Commission shall establish a schedule in accordance with the rule issued by the Commission under subsection (c). The Com-mission shall publicly notice and transmit the final schedule to the applicant and each agency and Indian tribe identified under subsection (b)(2)(B). ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSE .—Each agency and Indian tribe receiving a schedule under this subsection shall acknowledge receipt of such schedule in writing to the Commission within 30 days. ‘‘(e) A
DHERENCE TO SCHEDULE .—All appli-cants, other licensing participants, and agencies and tribes considering an aspect of an applica-tion for a Federal authorization shall meet the deadlines set forth in the schedule established pursuant to subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING .—The Commis-sion, Federal, State, and local government agen-cies, and Indian tribes may allow an applicant seeking a Federal authorization to fund a third- party contractor selected by such agency or tribe to assist in reviewing the application. All costs of an agency or tribe incurred pursuant to direct funding by the applicant, including all costs associated with the third party contractor, shall not be considered costs of the United States for the administration of this part under section 10(e). ‘‘(g) C
OMMISSION RECOMMENDATION ON SCOPE 
OFENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—For the purposes of coordinating Federal authorizations for each project, the Commission shall consult with and make a recommendation to agencies and Indian tribes receiving a schedule under subsection (d) on the scope of the environmental review for all Federal authorizations for such project. Each Federal and State agency and Indian tribe shall give due consideration and may give deference to the Commission’s recommendations, to the ex-tent appropriate under Federal law. ‘‘(h) F
AILURE TOMEETSCHEDULE .—A Fed- eral, State, or local government agency or In-dian tribe that anticipates that it will be unable to complete its disposition of a Federal author-ization by the deadline set forth in the schedule established under subsection (d)(1) may file for an extension as provided under section 313(b)(2). ‘‘(i) C
ONSOLIDATED RECORD .—The Commission shall, with the cooperation of Federal, State, and local government agencies and Indian tribes, maintain a complete consolidated record of all decisions made or actions taken by the Commission or by a Federal administrative agency or officer (or State or local government agency or officer or Indian tribe acting under delegated Federal authority) with respect to any Federal authorization. Such record shall con-stitute the record for judicial review under sec-tion 313(b).’’. SEC. 1204. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF DELAYED FED-ERAL AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 313(b) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 825l(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(b) Any party’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any party’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ELAY OF A FEDERAL AUTHORIZATION .— Any Federal, State, or local government agency or Indian tribe that will not complete its disposi-tion of a Federal authorization by the deadline set forth in the schedule by the Commission under section 34 may file for an extension in the United States court of appeals for any circuit wherein the project or proposed project is lo-cated, or in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Such petition shall be filed not later than 30 days prior to such deadline. The court shall only grant an exten-sion if the agency or tribe demonstrates, based on the record maintained under section 34, that it otherwise complied with the requirements of section 34 and that complying with the schedule set by the Commission would have prevented the agency or tribe from complying with applicable Federal or State law. If the court grants the ex-tension, the court shall set a reasonable sched-ule and deadline, not to exceed 90 days, for the agency to act on remand. If the court denies the extension, or if an agency or tribe does not file for an extension as provided in this subsection and does not complete its disposition of a Fed-eral authorization by the applicable deadline, the Commission and applicant may move for-ward with the proposed action.’’. 
SEC. 1205. LICENSING STUDY IMPROVEMENTS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended by section 1203, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 35. LICENSING STUDY IMPROVEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To facilitate the timely and efficient completion of the license pro-ceedings under this part, the Commission shall, in consultation with applicable Federal and State agencies and interested members of the public— ‘‘(1) compile current and accepted best prac-tices in performing studies required in such li-cense proceedings, including methodologies and the design of studies to assess the full range of environmental impacts of a project that reflect the most recent peer-reviewed science; ‘‘(2) compile a comprehensive collection of studies and data accessible to the public that could be used to inform license proceedings under this part; and ‘‘(3) encourage license applicants, agencies, and Indian tribes to develop and use, for the purpose of fostering timely and efficient consid-eration of license applications, a limited number of open-source methodologies and tools applica-ble across a wide array of projects, including water balance models and streamflow analyses. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF STUDIES .—To the extent prac-ticable, the Commission and other Federal, State, and local government agencies and In-dian tribes considering an aspect of an applica-tion for Federal authorization shall use current, accepted science toward studies and data in support of their actions. Any participant in a proceeding with respect to a Federal authoriza-tion shall demonstrate a study requested by the party is not duplicative of current, existing studies that are applicable to the project. ‘‘(c) B
ASIN-WIDE OR REGIONAL REVIEW .—The Commission shall establish a program to develop comprehensive plans, at the request of project applicants, on a regional or basin-wide scale, in consultation with the applicants, appropriate Federal agencies, and affected States, local gov-ernments, and Indian tribes, in basins or regions with respect to which there are more than one project or application for a project. Upon such a request, the Commission, in consultation with the applicants, such Federal agencies, and af-fected States, local governments, and Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3131 May 25, 2016 
tribes, may conduct or commission regional or basin-wide environmental studies, with the par-ticipation of at least 2 applicants. Any study conducted under this subsection shall apply only to a project with respect to which the ap-plicant participates.’’. 
SEC. 1206. CLOSED-LOOP PUMPED STORAGE PROJECTS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended by section 1205, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 36. CLOSED-LOOP PUMPED STORAGE PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a closed-loop pumped storage project is a project— ‘‘(1) in which the upper and lower reservoirs do not impound or directly withdraw water from navigable waters; or ‘‘(2) that is not continuously connected to a naturally flowing water feature. ‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .—As provided in this section, the Commission may issue and amend licenses and preliminary permits, as appropriate, for closed-loop pumped storage projects. ‘‘(c) D
AMSAFETY .—Before issuing any license for a closed-loop pumped storage project, the Commission shall assess the safety of existing dams and other structures related to the project (including possible consequences associated with failure of such structures). ‘‘(d) L
ICENSE CONDITIONS .—With respect to a closed-loop pumped storage project, the author-ity of the Commission to impose conditions on a license under sections 4(e), 10(a), 10(g), and 10(j) shall not apply, and any condition included in or applicable to a closed-loop pumped storage project licensed under this section, including any condition or other requirement of a Federal authorization, shall be limited to those that are— ‘‘(1) necessary to protect public safety; or ‘‘(2) reasonable, economically feasible, and es-sential to prevent loss of or damage to, or to mitigate adverse effects on, fish and wildlife re-sources directly caused by the construction and operation of the project, as compared to the en-vironmental baseline existing at the time the Commission completes its environmental review. ‘‘(e) T
RANSFERS .—Notwithstanding section 5, and regardless of whether the holder of a pre-liminary permit for a closed-loop pumped stor-age project claimed municipal preference under section 7(a) when obtaining the permit, the Commission may, to facilitate development of a closed-loop pumped storage project— ‘‘(1) add entities as joint permittees following issuance of a preliminary permit; and ‘‘(2) transfer a license in part to one or more nonmunicipal entities as co-licensees with a mu-nicipality.’’. 
SEC. 1207. LICENSE AMENDMENT IMPROVE-MENTS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended by section 1206, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 37. LICENSE AMENDMENT IMPROVEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) Q UALIFYING PROJECT UPGRADES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As provided in this section, the Commission may approve an application for an amendment to a license issued under this part for a qualifying project upgrade. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—A licensee filing an appli-cation for an amendment to a project license under this section shall include in such applica-tion information sufficient to demonstrate that the proposed change to the project described in the application is a qualifying project upgrade. ‘‘(3) I
NITIAL DETERMINATION .—Not later than 15 days after receipt of an application under paragraph (2), the Commission shall make an initial determination as to whether the proposed change to the project described in the applica-tion for a license amendment is a qualifying project upgrade. The Commission shall publish its initial determination and issue notice of the application filed under paragraph (2). Such no-tice shall solicit public comment on the initial determination within 45 days. ‘‘(4) PUBLIC COMMENT ON QUALIFYING CRI -
TERIA .—The Commission shall accept public comment regarding whether a proposed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade for a period of 45 days beginning on the date of publication of a public notice described in para-graph (3), and shall— ‘‘(A) if no entity contests whether the pro-posed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade during such comment period, immediately publish a notice stating that the initial determination has not been contested; or ‘‘(B) if an entity contests whether the pro-posed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade during the comment period, issue a written determination in accordance with paragraph (5). ‘‘(5) W
RITTEN DETERMINATION .—If an entity contests whether the proposed license amend-ment is for a qualifying project upgrade during the comment period under paragraph (4), the Commission shall, not later than 30 days after the date of publication of the public notice of the initial determination under paragraph (3), issue a written determination as to whether the proposed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade. ‘‘(6) P
UBLIC COMMENT ON AMENDMENT APPLI -
CATION .—If no entity contests whether the pro-posed license amendment is for a qualifying project upgrade during the comment period under paragraph (4) or the Commission issues a written determination under paragraph (5) that a proposed license amendment is a qualifying project upgrade, the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) during the 60-day period beginning on the date of publication of a notice under para-graph (4)(A) or the date on which the Commis-sion issues the written determination under paragraph (5), as applicable, solicit comments from each Federal, State, and local government agency and Indian tribe considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization (as defined in section 34) with respect to the pro-posed license amendment, as well as other inter-ested agencies, Indian tribes, and members of the public; and ‘‘(B) during the 90-day period beginning on the date of publication of a notice under para-graph (4)(A) or the date on which the Commis-sion issues the written determination under paragraph (5), as applicable, consult with— ‘‘(i) appropriate Federal agencies and the State agency exercising administrative control over the fish and wildlife resources, and water quality and supply, of the State in which the qualifying project upgrade is located; ‘‘(ii) any Federal department supervising any public lands or reservations occupied by the qualifying project upgrade; and ‘‘(iii) any Indian tribe affected by the quali-fying project upgrade. ‘‘(7) F
EDERAL AUTHORIZATIONS .—The schedule established by the Commission under section 34 for any project upgrade under this subsection shall require final disposition on all necessary Federal authorizations (as defined in section 34), other than final action by the Commission, by not later than 120 days after the date on which the Commission issues a notice under paragraph (4)(A) or a written determination under paragraph (5), as applicable. ‘‘(8) C
OMMISSION ACTION .—Not later than 150 days after the date on which the Commission issues a notice under paragraph (4)(A) or a written determination under paragraph (5), as applicable, the Commission shall take final ac-tion on the license amendment application. ‘‘(9) L
ICENSE AMENDMENT CONDITIONS .—Any condition included in or applicable to a license amendment approved under this subsection, in-cluding any condition or other requirement of a Federal authorization, shall be limited to those that are— ‘‘(A) necessary to protect public safety; or ‘‘(B) reasonable, economically feasible, and essential to prevent loss of or damage to, or to mitigate adverse effects on, fish and wildlife re-sources, water supply, and water quality that are directly caused by the construction and op-eration of the qualifying project upgrade, as compared to the environmental baseline existing at the time the Commission approves the appli-cation for the license amendment. ‘‘(10) PROPOSED LICENSE AMENDMENTS THAT  
ARE NOT QUALIFYING PROJECT UPGRADES .—If the Commission determines under paragraph (3) or (5) that a proposed license amendment is not for a qualifying project upgrade, the procedures under paragraphs (6) through (9) shall not apply to the application. ‘‘(11) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall, after notice and opportunity for public comment, issue a rule to implement this subsection. ‘‘(12) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) Q
UALIFYING PROJECT UPGRADE .—The term ‘qualifying project upgrade’ means a change to a project licensed under this part that meets the qualifying criteria, as determined by the Commission. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFYING CRITERIA .—The term ‘quali-fying criteria’ means, with respect to a project license under this part, a change to the project that— ‘‘(i) if carried out, would be unlikely to ad-versely affect any species listed as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 or result in the destruction or adverse modification of critical habitat, as determined in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior or Secretary of Commerce, as appropriate, in ac-cordance with section 7 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973; ‘‘(ii) is consistent with any applicable com-prehensive plan under section 10(a)(2); ‘‘(iii) includes only changes to project lands, waters, or operations that, in the judgment of the Commission, would result in only insignifi-cant or minimal cumulative adverse environ-mental effects; ‘‘(iv) would be unlikely to adversely affect water quality and water supply; and ‘‘(v) proposes to implement— ‘‘(I) capacity increases, efficiency improve-ments, or other enhancements to hydropower generation at the licensed project; ‘‘(II) environmental protection, mitigation, or enhancement measures to benefit fish and wild-life resources or other natural and cultural re-sources; or ‘‘(III) improvements to public recreation at the licensed project. ‘‘(b) A
MENDMENT APPROVAL PROCESSES .— ‘‘(1) R
ULE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commis-sion shall, after notice and opportunity for pub-lic comment, issue a rule establishing new standards and procedures for license amend-ment applications under this part. In issuing such rule, the Commission shall seek to develop the most efficient and expedient process, con-sultation, and review requirements, commensu-rate with the scope of different categories of proposed license amendments. Such rule shall account for differences in environmental effects across a wide range of categories of license amendment applications. ‘‘(2) C
APACITY .—In issuing a rule under this subsection, the Commission shall take into con-sideration that a change in generating or hy-draulic capacity may indicate the potential en-vironmental effects of a proposed amendment but is not determinative of such effects. ‘‘(3) P
ROCESS OPTIONS .—In issuing a rule under this subsection, the Commission shall take into consideration the range of process options available under the Commission’s regulations for new and original license applications and adapt such options to amendment applications, where appropriate.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3132 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 1208. PROMOTING HYDROPOWER DEVELOP-MENT AT EXISTING NONPOWERED DAMS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended by section 1207, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 38. PROMOTING HYDROPOWER DEVELOP-MENT AT EXISTING NONPOWERED DAMS. 
‘‘(a) E XEMPTIONS FOR QUALIFYING FACILI -
TIES.— ‘‘(1) E
XEMPTION QUALIFICATIONS .—Subject to the requirements of this subsection, the Commis-sion may grant an exemption in whole or in part from the requirements of this part, including any license requirements contained in this part, to any facility the Commission determines is a qualifying facility. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION WITH FEDERAL AND STATE  
AGENCIES .—In granting any exemption under this subsection, the Commission shall consult with— ‘‘(A) the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, the National Marine Fisheries Service, and the State agency exercising administrative con-trol over the fish and wildlife resources of the State in which the facility will be located, in the manner provided by the Fish and Wildlife Co-ordination Act; ‘‘(B) any Federal department supervising any public lands or reservations occupied by the project; and ‘‘(C) any Indian tribe affected by the project. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall in-clude in any exemption granted under this sub-section only such terms and conditions that the Commission determines are— ‘‘(i) necessary to protect public safety; or ‘‘(ii) reasonable, economically feasible, and es-sential to prevent loss of or damage to, or to mitigate adverse effects on, fish and wildlife re-sources directly caused by the construction and operation of the qualifying facility, as compared to the environmental baseline existing at the time the Commission grants the exemption. ‘‘(B) N
O CHANGES TO RELEASE REGIME .—No Federal authorization required with respect to a qualifying facility described in paragraph (1), including an exemption granted by the Commis-sion under this subsection, may include any condition or other requirement that results in any material change to the storage, control, withdrawal, diversion, release, or flow oper-ations of the associated qualifying nonpowered dam. ‘‘(4) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—The Commis-sion’s environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 of a proposed exemption under this subsection shall consist only of an environmental assessment, unless the Commission determines, by rule or order, that the Commission’s obligations under such Act for granting exemptions under this subsection can be met through a categorical exclusion. ‘‘(5) V
IOLATION OF TERMS OF EXEMPTION .— Any violation of a term or condition of any ex-emption granted under this subsection shall be treated as a violation of a rule or order of the Commission under this Act. ‘‘(6) A
NNUAL CHARGES FOR ENHANCEMENT AC -
TIVITIES .—Exemptees under this subsection for any facility located at a non-Federal dam shall pay to the United States reasonable annual charges in an amount to be fixed by the Com-mission for the purpose of funding environ-mental enhancement projects in watersheds in which facilities exempted under this subsection are located. Such annual charges shall be equiv-alent to the annual charges for use of a Govern-ment dam under section 10(e), unless the Com-mission determines, by rule, that a lower charge is appropriate to protect exemptees’ investment in the project or avoid increasing the price to consumers of power due to such charges. The proceeds of charges made by the Commission under this paragraph shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States and credited to miscellaneous receipts. Subject to annual appro-priation Acts, such proceeds shall be available to Federal and State fish and wildlife agencies for purposes of carrying out specific environ-mental enhancement projects in watersheds in which one or more facilities exempted under this subsection are located. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall establish rules, after notice and opportunity for public comment, for the col-lection and administration of annual charges under this paragraph. ‘‘(7) EFFECT OF JURISDICTION .—The jurisdic-tion of the Commission over any qualifying fa-cility exempted under this subsection shall ex-tend only to the qualifying facility exempted and any associated primary transmission line, and shall not extend to any conduit, dam, im-poundment, shoreline or other land, or any other project work associated with the quali-fying facility exempted under this subsection. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL AUTHORIZATION .—The term ‘Federal authorization’ has the same meaning as provided in section 34. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFYING CRITERIA .—The term ‘quali-fying criteria’ means, with respect to a facility— ‘‘(A) as of the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the facility is not licensed under, or ex-empted from the license requirements contained in, this part; ‘‘(B) the facility will be associated with a qualifying nonpowered dam; ‘‘(C) the facility will be constructed, operated, and maintained for the generation of electric power; ‘‘(D) the facility will use for such generation any withdrawals, diversions, releases, or flows from the associated qualifying nonpowered dam, including its associated impoundment or other infrastructure; and ‘‘(E) the operation of the facility will not re-sult in any material change to the storage, con-trol, withdrawal, diversion, release, or flow op-erations of the associated qualifying nonpow-ered dam. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFYING FACILITY .—The term ‘quali-fying facility’ means a facility that is deter-mined under this section to meet the qualifying criteria. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFYING NONPOWERED DAM .—The term ‘qualifying nonpowered dam’ means any dam, dike, embankment, or other barrier— ‘‘(A) the construction of which was completed on or before the date of enactment of this sec-tion; ‘‘(B) that is operated for the control, release, or distribution of water for agricultural, munic-ipal, navigational, industrial, commercial, envi-ronmental, recreational, aesthetic, or flood con-trol purposes; ‘‘(C) that, as of the date of enactment of this section, is not equipped with hydropower gener-ating works that are licensed under, or exempt-ed from the license requirements contained in, this part; and ‘‘(D) that, in the case of a non-Federal dam, has been certified by an independent consultant approved by the Commission as complying with the Commission’s dam safety requirements.’’. TITLE II—ENERGY SECURITY AND DIPLOMACY 
SEC. 2001. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) North America’s energy revolution has sig-nificantly enhanced energy security in the United States, and fundamentally changed the Nation’s energy future from that of scarcity to abundance. (2) North America’s energy abundance has in-creased global energy supplies and reduced the price of energy for consumers in the United States and abroad. (3) Allies and trading partners of the United States, including in Europe and Asia, are seek-ing stable and affordable energy supplies from North America to enhance their energy security. (4) The United States has an opportunity to improve its energy security and promote greater stability and affordability of energy supplies for its allies and trading partners through a more integrated, secure, and competitive North Amer-ican energy system. (5) The United States also has an opportunity to promote such objectives by supporting the free flow of energy commodities and more open, transparent, and competitive global energy mar-kets, and through greater Federal agency co-ordination relating to regulations or agency ac-tions that significantly affect the supply, dis-tribution, or use of energy. SEC. 2002. ENERGY SECURITY VALUATION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF ENERGY SECURITY  V
ALUATION METHODS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Energy, in collaboration with the Sec-retary of State, shall develop and transmit, after public notice and comment, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report that develops recommended United States energy se-curity valuation methods. In developing the re-port, the Secretaries may consider the rec-ommendations of the Administration’s Quadren-nial Energy Review released on April 21, 2015. The report shall— (1) evaluate and define United States energy security to reflect modern domestic and global energy markets and the collective needs of the United States and its allies and partners; (2) identify transparent and uniform or co-ordinated procedures and criteria to ensure that energy-related actions that significantly affect the supply, distribution, transportation, or use of energy are evaluated with respect to their po-tential impact on energy security, including their impact on— (A) consumers and the economy; (B) energy supply diversity and resiliency; (C) well-functioning and competitive energy markets; (D) United States trade balance; and (E) national security objectives; and (3) include a recommended implementation strategy that identifies and aims to ensure that the procedures and criteria referred to in para-graph (2) are— (A) evaluated consistently across the Federal Government; and (B) weighed appropriately and balanced with environmental considerations required by Fed-eral law. (b) P
ARTICIPATION .—In developing the report referred to in subsection (a), the Secretaries may consult with relevant Federal, State, private sector, and international participants, as appro-priate and consistent with applicable law. 
SEC. 2003. NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Secretary of State, shall develop and transmit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate the plan described in subsection (b). (b) P
URPOSE .—The plan referred to in sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a recommended framework and implemen-tation strategy to— (A) improve planning and coordination with Canada and Mexico to enhance energy integra-tion, strengthen North American energy secu-rity, and promote efficiencies in the exploration, production, storage, supply, distribution, mar-keting, pricing, and regulation of North Amer-ican energy resources; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3133 May 25, 2016 
(B) address— (i) North American energy public data, statis-tics, and mapping collaboration; (ii) responsible and sustainable best practices for the development of unconventional oil and natural gas; and (iii) modern, resilient energy infrastructure for North America, including physical infrastruc-ture as well as institutional infrastructure such as policies, regulations, and practices relating to energy development; and (2) a recommended framework and implemen-tation strategy to improve collaboration with Caribbean and Central American partners on energy security, including actions to support— (A) more open, transparent, and competitive energy markets; (B) regulatory capacity building; (C) improvements to energy transmission and storage; and (D) improvements to the performance of en-ergy infrastructure and efficiency. (c) P
ARTICIPATION .—In developing the plan referred to in subsection (a), the Secretaries may consult with other Federal, State, private sector, and international participants, as appropriate and consistent with applicable law. 
SEC. 2004. COLLECTIVE ENERGY SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of State shall collaborate to strengthen domestic energy security and the en-ergy security of the allies and trading partners of the United States, including through actions that support or facilitate— (1) energy diplomacy; (2) the delivery of United States assistance, including energy resources and technologies, to prevent or mitigate an energy security crisis; (3) the development of environmentally and commercially sustainable energy resources; (4) open, transparent, and competitive energy markets; and (5) regulatory capacity building. (b) E
NERGY SECURITY FORUMS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Secretary of State, shall convene not less than 2 forums to promote the collective en-ergy security of the United States and its allies and trading partners. The forums shall include participation by the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of State. In addition, an invita-tion shall be extended to— (1) appropriate representatives of foreign gov-ernments that are allies or trading partners of the United States; and (2) independent experts and industry rep-resentatives. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The forums shall— (1) consist of at least 1 Trans-Atlantic and 1 Trans-Pacific energy security forum; (2) be designed to foster dialogue among gov-ernment officials, independent experts, and in-dustry representatives regarding— (A) the current state of global energy markets; (B) trade and investment issues relevant to energy; and (C) barriers to more open, competitive, and transparent energy markets; and (3) be recorded and made publicly available on the Department of Energy’s website, including, not later than 30 days after each forum, publi-cation on the website any significant outcomes. (d) N
OTIFICATION .—At least 30 days before each of the forums referred to in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall send a notification regarding the forum to— (1) the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 2005. AUTHORIZATION TO EXPORT NATURAL GAS. 
(a) D ECISION DEADLINE .—For proposals that must also obtain authorization from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the United States Maritime Administration to site, con-struct, expand, or operate LNG export facilities, the Department of Energy shall issue a final de-cision on any application for the authorization to export natural gas under section 3 of the Nat-ural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) not later than 30 days after the later of— (1) the conclusion of the review to site, con-struct, expand, or operate the LNG facilities re-quired by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or (2) the date of enactment of this Act. (b) CONCLUSION OF REVIEW .—For purposes of subsection (a), review required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 shall be con-sidered concluded— (1) for a project requiring an Environmental Impact Statement, 30 days after publication of a Final Environmental Impact Statement; (2) for a project for which an Environmental Assessment has been prepared, 30 days after publication by the Department of Energy of a Finding of No Significant Impact; and (3) upon a determination by the lead agency that an application is eligible for a categorical exclusion pursuant to National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 implementing regulations. (c) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF EXPORT DESTINA -
TIONS .—Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF LNG E XPORT  D
ESTINATIONS .—As a condition for approval of any authorization to export LNG, the Secretary of Energy shall require the applicant to publicly disclose the specific destination or destinations of any such authorized LNG exports.’’. 
SEC. 2006. ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW FOR EN-ERGY EXPORT FACILITIES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including any other provision of this Act and any amendment made by this Act, to the extent that the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) applies to the issuance of a permit for the construction, oper-ation, or maintenance of a facility for the export of bulk commodities, no such permit may be de-nied until each applicable Federal agency has completed all reviews required for the facility under such Act. 
SEC. 2007. AUTHORIZATION OF CROSS-BORDER INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the United States should establish a more uniform, trans-parent, and modern process for the construc-tion, connection, operation, and maintenance of pipelines and electric transmission facilities for the import and export of liquid products, includ-ing water and petroleum, and natural gas and the transmission of electricity to and from Can-ada and Mexico. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROJECTS AT THE NATIONAL BOUNDARY OF  
THEUNITED STATES .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—No person may construct, connect, operate, or maintain a cross-border seg-ment of a pipeline or electric transmission facil-ity for the import or export of liquid products or natural gas, or the transmission of electricity, to or from Canada or Mexico without obtaining a certificate of crossing for such construction, connection, operation, or maintenance under this subsection. (2) C
ERTIFICATE OF CROSSING .— (A) I
SSUANCE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after final action is taken under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to a cross-border segment de-scribed in paragraph (1), the relevant official identified under subparagraph (B), in consulta-tion with appropriate Federal agencies, shall issue a certificate of crossing for the cross-bor-der segment unless the relevant official finds that the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of the cross-border segment is not in the public interest of the United States. (ii) NATURAL GAS .—For the purposes of nat-ural gas pipelines, a finding with respect to the public interest under section 3(a) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(a)) shall serve as a find-ing under clause (i) of this subparagraph. (B) R
ELEVANT OFFICIAL .—The relevant official referred to in subparagraph (A) is— (i) the Secretary of State with respect to liquid pipelines; (ii) the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion with respect to natural gas pipelines; and (iii) the Secretary of Energy with respect to electric transmission facilities. (C) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR ELECTRIC  
TRANSMISSION FACILITIES .—The Secretary of En-ergy shall require, as a condition of issuing a certificate of crossing for an electric trans-mission facility, that the cross-border segment be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained consistent with all applicable policies and standards of— (i) the Electric Reliability Organization and the applicable regional entity; and (ii) any Regional Transmission Organization or Independent System Operator with oper-ational or functional control over the cross-bor-der segment of the electric transmission facility. (3) M
ODIFICATIONS TO EXISTING PROJECTS .—No certificate of crossing shall be required under this subsection for a change in ownership, vol-ume expansion, downstream or upstream inter-connection, or adjustment to maintain flow (such as a reduction or increase in the number of pump or compressor stations) with respect to a liquid or natural gas pipeline or electric trans-mission facility unless such modification would result in a significant impact at the national boundary. (4) E
FFECT OF OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this subsection shall affect the application of any other Federal statute (including the Natural Gas Act and the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act) to a project for which a certificate of crossing is sought under this subsection. (c) I
MPORTATION OR EXPORTATION OF NAT-
URAL GAS TO CANADA AND MEXICO .—Section 3(c) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of an application for the importa-tion or exportation of natural gas to or from Canada or Mexico, the Commission shall grant the application not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the complete application.’’. (d) T
RANSMISSION OF ELECTRIC ENERGY TO  C
ANADA AND MEXICO .— (1) R
EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT TO SECURE  
ORDER .—Section 202(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(e)) is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) S
TATE REGULATIONS .—Section 202(f) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(f)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘insofar as such State regulation does not conflict with the exercise of the Com-mission’s powers under or relating to subsection 202(e)’’. (B) S
EASONAL DIVERSITY ELECTRICITY EX -
CHANGE .—Section 602(b) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 824a– 4(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Commission has conducted hearings and made the findings required under section 202(e) of the Federal Power Act’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘the Secretary has conducted hearings and finds that the proposed transmission facilities would not impair the suf-ficiency of electric supply within the United States or would not impede or tend to impede the coordination in the public interest of facili-ties subject to the jurisdiction of the Secretary’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE; R ULEMAKING DEAD-
LINES .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Subsections (b) through (d), and the amendments made by such sub-sections, shall take effect on January 20, 2017. (2) R
ULEMAKING DEADLINES .—Each relevant official described in subsection (b)(2)(B) shall— (A) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3134 May 25, 2016 
Register notice of a proposed rulemaking to carry out the applicable requirements of sub-section (b); and (B) not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, publish in the Federal Reg-ister a final rule to carry out the applicable re-quirements of subsection (b). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘cross-border segment’’ means the portion of a liquid or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility that is located at the national boundary of the United States with either Canada or Mexico; (2) the terms ‘‘Electric Reliability Organiza-tion’’ and ‘‘regional entity’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 215 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o); (3) the terms ‘‘Independent System Operator’’ and ‘‘Regional Transmission Organization’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796); (4) the term ‘‘liquid’’ includes water, petro-leum, petroleum product, and any other sub-stance that flows through a pipeline other than natural gas; and (5) the term ‘‘natural gas’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717a). 
SEC. 2008. REPORT ON SMART METER SECURITY CONCERNS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to Congress a report on the weaknesses in currently available smart meters’ security ar-chitecture and features, including an absence of event logging, as described in the Government Accountability Office testimony entitled ‘‘Crit-ical Infrastructure Protection: Cybersecurity of the Nation’s Electricity Grid Requires Continued Attention’’ on October 21, 2015. TITLE III—ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY Subtitle A—Energy Efficiency CHAPTER 1—FEDERAL AGENCY ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 3111. ENERGY-EFFICIENT AND ENERGY-SAV-ING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subtitle C of title V of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140; 121 Stat. 1661) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 530. ENERGY-EFFICIENT AND ENERGY-SAV-ING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘information technology’ has the meaning given that term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION  S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, each Federal agen-cy shall coordinate with the Director, the Sec-retary, and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to develop an imple-mentation strategy (that includes best practices and measurement and verification techniques) for the maintenance, purchase, and use by the Federal agency of energy-efficient and energy- saving information technologies, taking into consideration the performance goals established under subsection (d). ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—In developing an im-plementation strategy under subsection (b), each Federal agency shall consider— ‘‘(1) advanced metering infrastructure; ‘‘(2) energy-efficient data center strategies and methods of increasing asset and infrastruc-ture utilization; ‘‘(3) advanced power management tools; ‘‘(4) building information modeling, including building energy management; ‘‘(5) secure telework and travel substitution tools; and ‘‘(6) mechanisms to ensure that the agency re-alizes the energy cost savings brought about through increased efficiency and utilization. ‘‘(d) PERFORMANCE GOALS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director, in consultation with the Secretary, shall establish performance goals for evaluating the efforts of Federal agencies in improving the maintenance, purchase, and use of energy-effi-cient and energy-saving information technology. ‘‘(2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Chief Information Officers Council established under section 3603 of title 44, United States Code, shall recommend best practices for the attainment of the perform-ance goals, which shall include Federal agency consideration of, to the extent applicable by law, the use of— ‘‘(A) energy savings performance contracting; and ‘‘(B) utility energy services contracting. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) A
GENCY REPORTS .—Each Federal agency shall include in the report of the agency under section 527 a description of the efforts and re-sults of the agency under this section. ‘‘(2) OMB 
GOVERNMENT EFFICIENCY REPORTS  
AND SCORECARDS .—Effective beginning not later than October 1, 2017, the Director shall include in the annual report and scorecard of the Direc-tor required under section 528 a description of the efforts and results of Federal agencies under this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Independence and Secu-rity Act of 2007 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 529 the following: ‘‘Sec. 530. Energy-efficient and energy-saving information technologies.’’. 
SEC. 3112. ENERGY EFFICIENT DATA CENTERS. 
Section 453 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17112) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(D)(iv), by striking ‘‘de-termined by the organization’’ and inserting ‘‘proposed by the stakeholders’’; (2) by striking subsection (b)(3); and (3) by striking subsections (c) through (g) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDER INVOLVEMENT .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator shall carry out subsection (b) in collaboration with the informa-tion technology industry and other key stake-holders, with the goal of producing results that accurately reflect the most relevant and useful information available. In such collaboration, the Secretary and the Administrator shall pay particular attention to organizations that— ‘‘(1) have members with expertise in energy ef-ficiency and in the development, operation, and functionality of data centers, information tech-nology equipment, and software, such as rep-resentatives of hardware manufacturers, data center operators, and facility managers; ‘‘(2) obtain and address input from Depart-ment of Energy National Laboratories or any college, university, research institution, indus-try association, company, or public interest group with applicable expertise; ‘‘(3) follow— ‘‘(A) commonly accepted procedures for the development of specifications; and ‘‘(B) accredited standards development proc-esses; and ‘‘(4) have a mission to promote energy effi-ciency for data centers and information tech-nology. ‘‘(d) M
EASUREMENTS AND SPECIFICATIONS .— The Secretary and the Administrator shall con-sider and assess the adequacy of the specifica-tions, measurements, best practices, and bench-marks described in subsection (b) for use by the Federal Energy Management Program, the En-ergy Star Program, and other efficiency pro-grams of the Department of Energy or the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(e) S
TUDY .—The Secretary, in collaboration with the Administrator, shall, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2016, make available to the public an up-date to the Report to Congress on Server and Data Center Energy Efficiency published on Au-gust 2, 2007, under section 1 of Public Law 109– 431 (120 Stat. 2920), that provides— ‘‘(1) a comparison and gap analysis of the es-timates and projections contained in the origi-nal report with new data regarding the period from 2008 through 2015; ‘‘(2) an analysis considering the impact of in-formation technologies, including virtualization and cloud computing, in the public and private sectors; ‘‘(3) an evaluation of the impact of the com-bination of cloud platforms, mobile devices, so-cial media, and big data on data center energy usage; ‘‘(4) an evaluation of water usage in data cen-ters and recommendations for reductions in such water usage; and ‘‘(5) updated projections and recommenda-tions for best practices through fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(f) DATA CENTER ENERGY PRACTITIONER  P
ROGRAM .—The Secretary, in collaboration with key stakeholders and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall maintain a data center energy practitioner program that leads to the certification of energy practitioners qualified to evaluate the energy usage and effi-ciency opportunities in Federal data centers. Each Federal agency shall consider having the data centers of the agency evaluated every 4 years, in accordance with section 543(f) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253), by energy practitioners certified pursuant to such program. ‘‘(g) O
PENDATAINITIATIVE .—The Secretary, in collaboration with key stakeholders and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall establish an open data initiative for Federal data center energy usage data, with the purpose of making such data available and accessible in a manner that encourages further data center innovation, optimization, and con-solidation. In establishing the initiative, the Secretary shall consider the use of the online Data Center Maturity Model. ‘‘(h) I
NTERNATIONAL SPECIFICATIONS AND  M
ETRICS .—The Secretary, in collaboration with key stakeholders, shall actively participate in efforts to harmonize global specifications and metrics for data center energy and water effi-ciency. ‘‘(i) D
ATACENTER UTILIZATION METRIC .—The Secretary, in collaboration with key stake-holders, shall facilitate the development of an efficiency metric that measures the energy effi-ciency of a data center (including equipment and facilities). ‘‘(j) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary and the Administrator shall not disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets provided by any individual or company for the purposes of carrying out this section or the programs and initiatives estab-lished under this section.’’. 
SEC. 3113. REPORT ON ENERGY AND WATER SAV-INGS POTENTIAL FROM THERMAL INSULATION. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with appropriate Fed-eral agencies and relevant stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the impact of thermal insulation on both energy and water use sys-tems for potable hot and chilled water in Fed-eral buildings, and the return on investment of installing such insulation. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— (1) an analysis based on the cost of municipal or regional water for delivered water and the avoided cost of new water; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3135 May 25, 2016 
(2) a summary of energy and water savings, including short-term and long-term (20 years) projections of such savings. 
SEC. 3114. BATTERY STORAGE REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall transmit to Congress a report on the potential of battery energy storage that answers the fol-lowing questions: (1) How do existing Federal standards impact the development and deployment of battery stor-age systems? (2) What are the benefits of using existing bat-tery storage technology, and what challenges exist to their widespread use? What are some ex-amples of existing battery storage projects pro-viding these benefits? (3) What potential impact could large-scale battery storage and behind-the-meter battery storage have on renewable energy utilization? (4) What is the potential of battery technology for grid-scale use nationwide? What is the po-tential impact of battery technology on the na-tional grid capabilities? (5) How much economic activity associated with large-scale and behind-the-meter battery storage technology is located in the United States? How many jobs do these industries ac-count for? (6) What policies other than the Renewable Energy Investment Tax Credit have research and available data shown to promote renewable energy use and storage technology deployment by State and local governments or private end- users? 
SEC. 3115. FEDERAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 203(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852(b)) is amend-ed by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY .—The term ‘renew-able energy’ means electric energy, or thermal energy if resulting from a thermal energy project placed in service after December 31, 2014, gen-erated from, or avoided by, solar, wind, biomass, landfill gas, ocean (including tidal, wave, cur-rent, and thermal), geothermal, municipal solid waste (in accordance with subsection (e)), quali-fied waste heat resource, or new hydroelectric generation capacity achieved from increased ef-ficiency or additions of new capacity at an ex-isting hydroelectric project. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED WASTE HEAT RESOURCE .—The term ‘qualified waste heat resource’ means— ‘‘(A) exhaust heat or flared gas from any in-dustrial process; ‘‘(B) waste gas or industrial tail gas that would otherwise be flared, incinerated, or vent-ed; ‘‘(C) a pressure drop in any gas for an indus-trial or commercial process; or ‘‘(D) such other forms of waste heat as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. (b) P
APER RECYCLING .—Section 203 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
APER RECYCLING .— ‘‘(1) S
EPARATE COLLECTION .—For purposes of this section, any Federal agency may consider electric energy generation purchased from a fa-cility to be renewable energy if the municipal solid waste used by the facility to generate the electricity is— ‘‘(A) separately collected (within the meaning of section 246.101(z) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enact-ment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2016) from paper that is commonly recycled; and ‘‘(B) processed in a way that keeps paper that is commonly recycled segregated from non-recy-clable solid waste. ‘‘(2) I
NCIDENTAL INCLUSION .—Municipal solid waste used to generate electric energy that meets the conditions described in paragraph (1) shall be considered renewable energy even if the municipal solid waste contains incidental com-monly recycled paper. ‘‘(3) NO EFFECT ON EXISTING PROCESSES .— Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be interpreted to require a State or political subdivision of a State, directly or indirectly, to change the sys-tems, processes, or equipment it uses to collect, treat, dispose of, or otherwise use municipal solid waste, within the meaning of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), nor require a change to the regulations that imple-ment subtitle D of such Act (42 U.S.C. 6941 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 3116. ENERGY PERFORMANCE REQUIRE-MENT FOR FEDERAL BUILDINGS. 
Section 543 of the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) E
NERGY PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENT FOR  F
EDERAL BUILDINGS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Subject to paragraph (2), each agency shall apply energy conservation measures to, and shall improve the design for the construction of, the Federal buildings of the agency (including each industrial or laboratory facility) so that the energy consumption per gross square foot of the Federal buildings of the agency in fiscal years 2006 through 2017 is re-duced, as compared with the energy consump-tion per gross square foot of the Federal build-ings of the agency in fiscal year 2003, by the percentage specified in the following table: Percentage ‘‘Fiscal Year Reduction 2006 ............................................ 22007 ............................................ 42008 ............................................ 92009 ............................................ 122010 ............................................ 152011 ............................................ 182012 ............................................ 212013 ............................................ 242014 ............................................ 272015 ............................................ 302016 ............................................ 332017 ............................................ 36. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION FOR BUILDINGS WITH ENERGY  
INTENSIVE ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An agency may exclude from the requirements of paragraph (1) any building (including the associated energy con-sumption and gross square footage) in which en-ergy intensive activities are carried out. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTS .—Each agency shall identify and list in each report made under section 548(a) the buildings designated by the agency for exclusion under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW .—Not later than December 31, 2017, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) review the results of the implementation of the energy performance requirements estab-lished under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) based on the review conducted under subparagraph (A), submit to Congress a report that addresses the feasibility of requiring each agency to apply energy conservation measures to, and improve the design for the construction of, the Federal buildings of the agency (includ-ing each industrial or laboratory facility) so that the energy consumption per gross square foot of the Federal buildings of the agency in each of fiscal years 2018 through 2030 is re-duced, as compared with the energy consump-tion per gross square foot of the Federal build-ings of the agency in the prior fiscal year, by 3 percent.’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), re-spectively; and (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) O
NGOING COMMISSIONING .—The term ‘on-going commissioning’ means an ongoing process of commissioning using monitored data, the pri-mary goal of which is to ensure continuous opti-mum performance of a facility, in accordance with design or operating needs, over the useful life of the facility, while meeting facility occu-pancy requirements.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) ENERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .—An en- ergy manager designated under subparagraph (A) shall consider use of a system to manage en-ergy use at the facility and certification of the facility in accordance with the International Organization for Standardization standard numbered 50001 and entitled ‘Energy Manage-ment Systems’.’’; (C) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(3) E
NERGY AND WATER EVALUATIONS AND  
COMMISSIONING .— ‘‘(A) E
VALUATIONS .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), effective beginning on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and In-frastructure Act of 2016, and annually there-after, each energy manager shall complete, for each calendar year, a comprehensive energy and water evaluation and recommissioning or retrocommissioning for approximately 25 percent of the facilities of that energy manager’s agency that meet the criteria under paragraph (2)(B) in a manner that ensures that an evaluation of each facility is completed at least once every 4 years. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—An evaluation and re-commissioning or recommissioning shall not be required under subparagraph (A) with respect to a facility that— ‘‘(i) has had a comprehensive energy and water evaluation during the 8-year period pre-ceding the date of the evaluation; ‘‘(ii)(I) has been commissioned, recommis-sioned, or retrocommissioned during the 10-year period preceding the date of the evaluation; or ‘‘(II) is under ongoing commissioning, re-commissioning, or retrocommissioning; ‘‘(iii) has not had a major change in function or use since the previous evaluation and com-missioning, recommissioning, or retrocommissioning; ‘‘(iv) has been benchmarked with public dis-closure under paragraph (8) within the year preceding the evaluation; and ‘‘(v)(I) based on the benchmarking, has achieved at a facility level the most recent cu-mulative energy savings target under subsection (a) compared to the earlier of— ‘‘(aa) the date of the most recent evaluation; or ‘‘(bb) the date— ‘‘(AA) of the most recent commissioning, re-commissioning, or retrocommissioning; or ‘‘(BB) on which ongoing commissioning, re-commissioning, or retrocommissioning began; or ‘‘(II) has a long-term contract in place guar-anteeing energy savings at least as great as the energy savings target under subclause (I). ‘‘(4) I
MPLEMENTATION OF IDENTIFIED ENERGY  
AND WATER EFFICIENCY MEASURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of completion of each evaluation under paragraph (3), each energy manager may— ‘‘(i) implement any energy- or water-saving measure that the Federal agency identified in the evaluation conducted under paragraph (3) that is life-cycle cost effective; and ‘‘(ii) bundle individual measures of varying paybacks together into combined projects. ‘‘(B) M
EASURES NOT IMPLEMENTED .—Each en- ergy manager, as part of the certification system under paragraph (7) and using guidelines devel-oped by the Secretary, shall provide an expla-nation regarding any life-cycle cost-effective measures described in subparagraph (A)(i) that have not been implemented.’’; and (D) in paragraph (7)(C), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) S
UMMARY REPORT .—The Secretary shall make publicly available a report that summa-rizes the information tracked under subpara-graph (B)(i) by each agency and, as applicable, by each type of measure.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3136 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 3117. FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFI-CIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS; CERTIFICATION SYSTEM AND LEVEL FOR FEDERAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 303 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6832) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘to be con-structed’’ and inserting ‘‘constructed or al-tered’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) M
AJOR RENOVATION .—The term ‘major renovation’ means a modification of building energy systems sufficiently extensive that the whole building can meet energy standards for new buildings, based on criteria to be estab-lished by the Secretary through notice and com-ment rulemaking.’’. (b) F
EDERAL BUILDING EFFICIENCY STAND -
ARDS.—Section 305 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3)(A) Not later than’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) R
EVISED FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFI -
CIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS ; CERTIFI -
CATION FOR GREEN BUILDINGS .— ‘‘(A) R
EVISED FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFI -
CIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2016, the Secretary shall establish, by rule, revised Federal building energy efficiency performance standards that require that— ‘‘(I) new Federal buildings and alterations and additions to existing Federal buildings— ‘‘(aa) meet or exceed the most recent revision of the IECC (in the case of residential buildings) or ASHRAE Standard 90.1 (in the case of com-mercial buildings) as of the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infra-structure Act of 2016; and ‘‘(bb) meet or exceed the energy provisions of State and local building codes applicable to the building, if the codes are more stringent than the IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1, as applica-ble; ‘‘(II) unless demonstrated not to be life-cycle cost effective for new Federal buildings and Federal buildings with major renovations— ‘‘(aa) the buildings be designed to achieve en-ergy consumption levels that are at least 30 per-cent below the levels established in the version of the ASHRAE Standard or the IECC, as ap-propriate, that is applied under subclause (I)(aa), including updates under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(bb) sustainable design principles are applied to the location, siting, design, and construction of all new Federal buildings and replacement Federal buildings; ‘‘(III) if water is used to achieve energy effi-ciency, water conservation technologies shall be applied to the extent that the technologies are life-cycle cost effective; and ‘‘(IV) if life-cycle cost effective, as compared to other reasonably available technologies, not less than 30 percent of the hot water demand for each new Federal building or Federal building undergoing a major renovation be met through the installation and use of solar hot water heat-ers. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Clause (i)(I) shall not apply to unaltered portions of existing Federal buildings and systems that have been added to or altered. ‘‘(B) U
PDATES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of approval of each subsequent revision of ASHRAE Standard 90.1 or the IECC, as ap-propriate, the Secretary shall determine whether the revised standards established under sub-paragraph (A) should be updated to reflect the revisions, based on the energy savings and life- cycle cost effectiveness of the revisions.’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘(C) In the budget request’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) BUDGET REQUEST .—In the budget re-quest’’; and (C) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘(D) Not later than’’ and all that follows through the end of the first sen-tence of clause (i)(III) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(D) C
ERTIFICATION FOR GREEN BUILDINGS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—’’; (ii) by striking clause (ii); (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘(iii) In identi-fying’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In identifying’’; (iv) in clause (iv)— (I) by striking ‘‘(iv) At least once’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(iii) S
TUDY .—At least once’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘clause (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (ii)’’; (v) in clause (v)— (I) by striking ‘‘(v) The Secretary may’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(iv) I
NTERNAL CERTIFICATION PROCESSES .— The Secretary may’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘clause (i)(III)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; (vi) in clause (vi)— (I) by striking ‘‘(vi) With respect’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(v) P
RIVATIZED MILITARY HOUSING .—With re- spect’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘develop alternative criteria to those established by subclauses (I) and (III) of clause (i) that achieve an equivalent result in terms of energy savings, sustainable design, and’’ and inserting ‘‘develop alternative certifi-cation systems and levels than the systems and levels identified under clause (i) that achieve an equivalent result in terms of’’; and (vii) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘(vii) In addi-tion to’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(vi) W
ATER CONSERVATION TECHNOLOGIES .— In addition to’’; and (2) by striking subsections (c) and (d) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(c) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) every 5 years, review the Federal building energy standards established under this section; and ‘‘(2) on completion of a review under para-graph (1), if the Secretary determines that sig-nificant energy savings would result, upgrade the standards to include all new energy effi-ciency and renewable energy measures that are technologically feasible and economically justi-fied.’’. 
SEC. 3118. OPERATION OF BATTERY RECHARGING STATIONS IN PARKING AREAS USED BY FEDERAL EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of any office of the Federal Government which owns or operates a parking area for the use of its employees (either directly or indirectly through a contractor) may install, construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis a battery recharging station in such area for the use of privately owned ve-hicles of employees of the office and others who are authorized to park in such area. (2) U
SE OF VENDORS .—The head of an office may carry out paragraph (1) through a contract with a vendor, under such terms and conditions (including terms relating to the allocation be-tween the office and the vendor of the costs of carrying out the contract) as the head of the of-fice and the vendor may agree to. (b) I
MPOSITION OF FEESTOCOVER COSTS.— (1) F
EES.—The head of an office of the Fed-eral Government which operates and maintains a battery recharging station under this section shall charge fees to the individuals who use the station in such amount as is necessary to ensure that office recovers all of the costs it incurs in installing, constructing, operating, and main-taining the station. (2) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .—Any fees collected by the head of an office under this subsection shall be— (A) deposited monthly in the Treasury to the credit of the appropriations account for salaries and expenses of the office; and (B) available for obligation without further appropriation during— (i) the fiscal year collected; and (ii) the fiscal year following the fiscal year collected. (c) NOEFFECT ON EXISTING PROGRAMS FOR  H
OUSE AND SENATE .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect the installation, con-struction, operation, or maintenance of battery recharging stations by the Architect of the Cap-itol— (1) under Public Law 112–170 (2 U.S.C. 2171), relating to employees of the House of Represent-atives and individuals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the House of Representatives on the Capitol Grounds; or (2) under Public Law 112–167 (2 U.S.C. 2170), relating to employees of the Senate and individ-uals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the Senate on the Cap-itol Grounds. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each suc-ceeding fiscal year. 
SEC. 3119. REPORT ON ENERGY SAVINGS AND GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS RE-DUCTION FROM CONVERSION OF CAPTURED METHANE TO ENERGY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with appropriate Fed-eral agencies and relevant stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the impact of captured methane converted for energy and power gen-eration on Federal lands, Federal buildings, and relevant municipalities that use such genera-tion, and the return on investment and reduc-tion in greenhouse gas emissions of utilizing such power generation. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— (1) a summary of energy performance and sav-ings resulting from the utilization of such power generation, including short-term and long-term (20 years) projections of such savings; and (2) an analysis of the reduction in greenhouse emissions resulting from the utilization of such power generation. CHAPTER 2—ENERGY EFFICIENT TECHNOLOGY AND MANUFACTURING 
SEC. 3121. INCLUSION OF SMART GRID CAPA-BILITY ON ENERGY GUIDE LABELS. 
Section 324(a)(2) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294(a)(2)) is amended by adding the following at the end: ‘‘(J) S
MART GRID CAPABILITY ON ENERGY GUIDE  
LABELS .— ‘‘(i) R
ULE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Commission shall initiate a rulemaking to con-sider making a special note in a prominent man-ner on any Energy Guide label for any product that includes Smart Grid capability that— ‘‘(I) Smart Grid capability is a feature of that product; ‘‘(II) the use and value of that feature depend on the Smart Grid capability of the utility sys-tem in which the product is installed and the active utilization of that feature by the cus-tomer; and ‘‘(III) on a utility system with Smart Grid ca-pability, the use of the product’s Smart Grid ca-pability could reduce the customer’s cost of the product’s annual operation as a result of the in-cremental energy and electricity cost savings that would result from the customer taking full advantage of such Smart Grid capability. ‘‘(ii) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Commission shall complete the rulemaking initi-ated under clause (i).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3137 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 3122. VOLUNTARY VERIFICATION PROGRAMS FOR AIR CONDITIONING, FURNACE, BOILER, HEAT PUMP, AND WATER HEATER PRODUCTS. 
Section 326(b) of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6296(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) V
OLUNTARY VERIFICATION PROGRAMS FOR  
AIR CONDITIONING , FURNACE , BOILER , HEAT 
PUMP , AND WATER HEATER PRODUCTS .— ‘‘(A) R
ELIANCE ON VOLUNTARY PROGRAMS .— For the purpose of verifying compliance with energy conservation standards established under sections 325 and 342 for covered products described in paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (9), and (11) of section 322(a) and covered equipment de-scribed in subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), (F), (I), (J), and (K) of section 340(1), the Secretary shall rely on testing conducted by recognized vol-untary verification programs that are recog-nized by the Secretary in accordance with sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) R
ECOGNITION OF VOLUNTARY  
VERIFICATION PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall initiate a negotiated rule-making in accordance with subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’) to develop criteria that have con-sensus support for achieving recognition by the Secretary as an approved voluntary verification program. Any subsequent amendment to such criteria may be made only pursuant to a subse-quent negotiated rulemaking in accordance with subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The criteria developed under clause (i) shall, at a minimum, ensure that a voluntary verification program— ‘‘(I) is nationally recognized; ‘‘(II) is operated by a third party and not di-rectly operated by a program participant; ‘‘(III) satisfies any applicable elements of— ‘‘(aa) International Organization for Stand-ardization standard numbered 17025; and ‘‘(bb) any other relevant International Orga-nization for Standardization standards identi-fied and agreed to through the negotiated rule-making under clause (i); ‘‘(IV) at least annually tests independently obtained products following the test procedures established under this title to verify the certified rating of a representative sample of products and equipment within the scope of the program; ‘‘(V) maintains a publicly available list of all ratings of products subject to verification; ‘‘(VI) requires the changing of the perform-ance rating or removal of the product or equip-ment from the program if testing determines that the performance rating does not meet the levels the manufacturer has certified to the Secretary; ‘‘(VII) requires new program participants to substantiate ratings through test data generated in accordance with Department of Energy regu-lations; ‘‘(VIII) allows for challenge testing of prod-ucts and equipment within the scope of the pro-gram; ‘‘(IX) requires program participants to dis-close the performance rating of all covered prod-ucts and equipment within the scope of the pro-gram for the covered product or equipment; ‘‘(X) provides to the Secretary— ‘‘(aa) an annual report of all test results, the contents of which shall be determined through the negotiated rulemaking process under clause (i); and ‘‘(bb) test reports, on the request of the Sec-retary, that note any instructions specified by the manufacturer or the representative of the manufacturer for the purpose of conducting the verification testing; and ‘‘(XI) satisfies any additional requirements or standards that the Secretary shall establish con-sistent with this subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) C
ESSATION OF RECOGNITION .—The Sec- retary may only cease recognition of a vol-untary verification program as an approved pro-gram described in subparagraph (A) upon a finding that the program is not meeting its obli-gations for compliance through program review criteria developed during the negotiated rule-making conducted under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(C) ADMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not re-quire— ‘‘(I) manufacturers to participate in a recog-nized voluntary verification program described in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(II) participating manufacturers to provide information that has already been provided to the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) L
IST OF COVERED PRODUCTS .—The Sec- retary may maintain a publicly available list of covered products and equipment that distin-guishes between products that are and are not covered products and equipment verified through a recognized voluntary verification pro-gram described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(iii) P
ERIODIC VERIFICATION TESTING .—The Secretary— ‘‘(I) shall not subject products or equipment that have been verification tested under a recog-nized voluntary verification program described in subparagraph (A) to periodic verification testing to verify the accuracy of the certified performance rating of the products or equip-ment; but ‘‘(II) may require testing of products or equip-ment described in subclause (I)— ‘‘(aa) if the testing is necessary— ‘‘(AA) to assess the overall performance of a voluntary verification program; ‘‘(BB) to address specific performance issues; ‘‘(CC) for use in updating test procedures and standards; or ‘‘(DD) for other purposes consistent with this title; or ‘‘(bb) if such testing is agreed to during the negotiated rulemaking conducted under sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(D) E
FFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this paragraph limits the authority of the Secretary to enforce compliance with any law.’’. 
SEC. 3123. FACILITATING CONSENSUS FURNACE STANDARDS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS AND DECLARA -
TION OF PURPOSE .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) acting pursuant to the requirements of section 325 of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6295), the Secretary of En-ergy is considering amending the energy con-servation standards applicable to residential nonweatherized gas furnaces and mobile home gas furnaces; (B) numerous stakeholders, representing man-ufacturers, distributors, and installers of resi-dential nonweatherized gas furnaces and mobile home furnaces, natural gas utilities, home builders, multifamily property owners, and en-ergy efficiency, environmental, and consumer advocates have begun negotiations in an at-tempt to agree on a consensus recommendation to the Secretary on levels for such standards that will meet the statutory criteria; and (C) the stakeholders believe these negotiations are likely to result in a consensus recommenda-tion, but several of the stakeholders do not sup-port suspending the current rulemaking. (2) P
URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this section to provide the stakeholders described in para-graph (1) with an opportunity to continue nego-tiations for a limited time period to facilitate the proposal for adoption of standards that enjoy consensus support, while not delaying the cur-rent rulemaking except to the extent necessary to provide such opportunity. (b) O
PPORTUNITY FOR A NEGOTIATED FURNACE  S
TANDARD .—Section 325(f)(4) of the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(f)(4)) is amended by adding after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E)(i) Unless the Secretary has published such a notice prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish, not later than October 31, 2015, a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking or a notice of data avail-ability updating the proposed rule entitled ‘En-ergy Conservation Program for Consumer Prod-ucts: Energy Conservation Standards for Resi-dential Furnaces’ and published in the Federal Register on March 12, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 13119), to provide notice and an opportunity for com-ment on— ‘‘(I) dividing nonweatherized gas furnaces into two or more product classes with separate energy conservation standards based on capac-ity; and ‘‘(II) any other matters the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. ‘‘(ii) On receipt of a statement that is sub-mitted on or before January 1, 2016, jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view, that contains rec-ommended standards for nonweatherized gas furnaces and mobile home gas furnaces that are consistent with the requirements of this part (except that the date on which such standards will apply may be earlier or later than the date required under this part), the Secretary shall evaluate the standards proposed in the joint statement for consistency with the requirements of subsection (o), and shall publish notice of the potential adoption of the standards proposed in the joint statement, modified as necessary to en-sure consistency with subsection (o). The Sec-retary shall solicit public comment for a period of at least 30 days with respect to such notice. ‘‘(iii) Not later than July 31, 2016, but not be-fore July 1, 2016, the Secretary shall publish a final rule containing a determination of wheth-er the standards for nonweatherized gas fur-naces and mobile home gas furnaces should be amended. Such rule shall contain any such amendments to the standards.’’. SEC. 3124. NO WARRANTY FOR CERTAIN CER-TIFIED ENERGY STAR PRODUCTS. 
Section 324A of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) N
OWARRANTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any disclosure relating to participation of a product in the Energy Star program shall not create an express or implied warranty or give rise to any private claims or rights of action under State or Federal law re-lating to the disqualification of that product from Energy Star if— ‘‘(A) the product has been certified by a cer-tification body recognized by the Energy Star program; ‘‘(B) the Administrator has approved correc-tive measures, including a determination of whether or not consumer compensation is appro-priate; and ‘‘(C) the responsible party has fully complied with all approved corrective measures. ‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUAL .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require the Administrator to modify any procedure or take any other ac-tion.’’. 
SEC. 3125. CLARIFICATION TO EFFECTIVE DATE FOR REGIONAL STANDARDS. 
Section 325(o)(6)(E)(ii) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(6)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘in-stalled’’ and inserting ‘‘manufactured or im-ported into the United States’’. 
SEC. 3126. INTERNET OF THINGS REPORT. 
The Secretary of Energy shall, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate on the efforts made to take advan-tage of, and promote, the utilization of ad-vanced technologies such as Internet of Things end-to-end platform solutions to provide real- time actionable analytics and enable predictive maintenance and asset management to improve energy efficiency wherever feasible. In doing so, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3138 May 25, 2016 
the Secretary shall look to encourage and utilize Internet of Things energy management solutions that have security tightly integrated into the hardware and software from the outset. The Secretary shall also encourage the use of Inter-net of Things solutions that enable seamless connectivity and that are interoperable, open standards-based, and built on a repeatable foundation for ease of scalability. 
SEC. 3127. ENERGY SAVINGS FROM LUBRICATING OIL. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in co-operation with the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency and the Director of Management and Budget, shall— (1) review and update the report prepared pursuant to section 1838 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (2) after consultation with relevant Federal, State, and local agencies and affected industry and stakeholder groups, update data that was used in preparing that report; and (3) prepare and submit to Congress a coordi-nated Federal strategy to increase the beneficial reuse of used lubricating oil, that— (A) is consistent with national policy as estab-lished pursuant to section 2 of the Used Oil Re-cycling Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–463); and (B) addresses measures needed to— (i) increase the responsible collection of used oil; (ii) disseminate public information concerning sustainable reuse options for used oil; and (iii) promote sustainable reuse of used oil by Federal agencies, recipients of Federal grant funds, entities contracting with the Federal Government, and the general public. 
SEC. 3128. DEFINITION OF EXTERNAL POWER SUPPLY. 
Section 321(36)(A) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6291(36)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking the subparagraph designation and all that follows through ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) E
XTERNAL POWER SUPPLY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘external power supply’ does not include a power supply circuit, driver, or device that is designed exclusively to be connected to, and power— ‘‘(I) light-emitting diodes providing illumina-tion; or ‘‘(II) organic light-emitting diodes providing illumination.’’. 
SEC. 3129. STANDARDS FOR POWER SUPPLY CIR-CUITS CONNECTED TO LEDS OR OLEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 325(u) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(u)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) P
OWER SUPPLY CIRCUITS CONNECTED TO  
LEDS OR OLEDS .—Notwithstanding the exclusion described in section 321(36)(A)(ii), the Secretary may prescribe, in accordance with subsections (o) and (p) and section 322(b), an energy con-servation standard for a power supply circuit, driver, or device that is designed primarily to be connected to, and power, light-emitting diodes or organic light-emitting diodes providing illu-mination.’’. (b) E
NERGY CONSERVATION STANDARDS .—Sec- tion 346 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6317) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) E
NERGY CONSERVATION STANDARD FOR  P
OWER SUPPLY CIRCUITS CONNECTED TO LEDS 
OROLEDS.—Not earlier than 1 year after appli-cable testing requirements are prescribed under section 343, the Secretary may prescribe an en-ergy conservation standard for a power supply circuit, driver, or device that is designed pri-marily to be connected to, and power, light- emitting diodes or organic light-emitting diodes providing illumination.’’. CHAPTER 3—SCHOOL BUILDINGS SEC. 3131. COORDINATION OF ENERGY RETRO-FITTING ASSISTANCE FOR SCHOOLS. 
Section 392 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6371a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION OF ENERGY RETROFITTING  A
SSISTANCE FOR SCHOOLS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF SCHOOL .—Notwith- standing section 391(6), for the purposes of this subsection, the term ‘school’ means— ‘‘(A) an elementary school or secondary school (as defined in section 9101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); ‘‘(B) an institution of higher education (as de-fined in section 102(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(a))); ‘‘(C) a school of the defense dependents’ edu-cation system under the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 921 et seq.) or established under section 2164 of title 10, United States Code; ‘‘(D) a school operated by the Bureau of In-dian Affairs; ‘‘(E) a tribally controlled school (as defined in section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511)); and ‘‘(F) a Tribal College or University (as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))). ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT OF CLEARINGHOUSE .—The Secretary, acting through the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, shall estab-lish a clearinghouse to disseminate information regarding available Federal programs and fi-nancing mechanisms that may be used to help initiate, develop, and finance energy efficiency, distributed generation, and energy retrofitting projects for schools. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (2), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) consult with appropriate Federal agen-cies to develop a list of Federal programs and fi-nancing mechanisms that are, or may be, used for the purposes described in paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) coordinate with appropriate Federal agencies to develop a collaborative education and outreach effort to streamline communica-tions and promote available Federal programs and financing mechanisms described in sub-paragraph (A), which may include the develop-ment and maintenance of a single online re-source that includes contact information for rel-evant technical assistance in the Office of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy that States, local education agencies, and schools may use to effectively access and use such Fed-eral programs and financing mechanisms.’’. CHAPTER 4—BUILDING ENERGY CODES 
SEC. 3141. GREATER ENERGY EFFICIENCY IN BUILDING CODES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 303 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6832), as amended by section 3116, is further amended— (1) by striking paragraph (14) and inserting the following: ‘‘(14) M
ODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODE .—The term ‘model building energy code’ means a vol-untary building energy code or standard devel-oped and updated through a consensus process among interested persons, such as the IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1 or a code used by other appropriate organizations regarding which the Secretary has issued a determination that build-ings subject to it would achieve greater energy efficiency than under a previously developed code.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(18) ASHRAE 
STANDARD 90 .1.—The term ‘ASHRAE Standard 90.1’ means the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Con-ditioning Engineers ANSI/ASHRAE/IES Stand-ard 90/1 Energy Standard for Buildings Except Low-Rise Residential Buildings. ‘‘(19) C
OST-EFFECTIVE .—The term ‘cost-effec-tive’ means having a simple payback of 10 years or less. ‘‘(20) IECC.—The term ‘IECC’ means the International Energy Conservation Code as published by the International Code Council. ‘‘(21) INDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103). ‘‘(22) S
IMPLE PAYBACK .—The term ‘simple pay-back’ means the time in years that is required for energy savings to exceed the incremental first cost of a new requirement or code. ‘‘(23) T
ECHNICALLY FEASIBLE .—The term ‘tech-nically feasible’ means capable of being achieved, based on widely available appliances, equipment, technologies, materials, and con-struction practices.’’. (b) S
TATE BUILDING ENERGY EFFICIENCY  C
ODES.—Section 304 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6833) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 304. UPDATING STATE BUILDING ENERGY EFFICIENCY CODES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide technical assistance, as described in sub-section (e), for the purposes of— ‘‘(1) implementation of building energy codes by States, Indian tribes, and, as appropriate, by local governments, that are technically feasible and cost-effective; and ‘‘(2) supporting full compliance with the State, tribal, and local codes. ‘‘(b) S
TATE AND INDIAN TRIBE CERTIFICATION  
OFBUILDING ENERGY CODEUPDATES .— ‘‘(1) R
EVIEW AND UPDATING OF CODES BY EACH  
STATE AND INDIAN TRIBE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which a model building energy code is published, each State or Indian tribe shall certify whether or not the State or Indian tribe, respectively, has reviewed and updated the energy provisions of the building code of the State or Indian tribe, respectively. ‘‘(B) D
EMONSTRATION .—The certification shall include a statement of whether or not the en-ergy savings for the code provisions that are in effect throughout the State or Indian tribal ter-ritory meet or exceed— ‘‘(i) the energy savings of the most recently published model building energy code; or ‘‘(ii) the targets established under section 307(b)(2). ‘‘(C) N
O MODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODE UP -
DATE.—If a model building energy code is not updated by a target date established under sec-tion 307(b)(2)(D), each State or Indian tribe shall, not later than 3 years after the specified date, certify whether or not the State or Indian tribe, respectively, has reviewed and updated the energy provisions of the building code of the State or Indian tribe, respectively, to meet or ex-ceed the target in section 307(b)(2). ‘‘(2) V
ALIDATION BY SECRETARY .—Not later than 90 days after a State or Indian tribe certifi-cation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) determine whether the code provisions of the State or Indian tribe, respectively, meet the criteria specified in paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) determine whether the certification sub-mitted by the State or Indian tribe, respectively, is complete; and ‘‘(C) if the requirements of subparagraph (B) are satisfied, validate the certification. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section shall be interpreted to require a State or Indian tribe to adopt any building code or provision within a code. ‘‘(c) I
MPROVEMENTS IN COMPLIANCE WITH B
UILDING ENERGY CODES.— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of a certification under subsection (b), each State and Indian tribe shall certify whether or not the State or Indian tribe, respec-tively, has— ‘‘(i) achieved full compliance under para-graph (3) with the applicable certified State or Indian tribe building energy code or with the associated model building energy code; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3139 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(ii) made significant progress under para-graph (4) toward achieving compliance with the applicable certified State or Indian tribe build-ing energy code or with the associated model building energy code. ‘‘(B) R
EPEAT CERTIFICATIONS .—If the State or Indian tribe certifies progress toward achieving compliance, the State or Indian tribe shall re-peat the certification until the State or Indian tribe certifies that the State or Indian tribe has achieved full compliance. ‘‘(2) M
EASUREMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—A cer- tification under paragraph (1) shall include doc-umentation of the rate of compliance based on— ‘‘(A) inspections of a random sample of the buildings covered by the code in the preceding year; or ‘‘(B) an alternative method that yields an ac-curate measure of compliance. ‘‘(3) A
CHIEVEMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—A State or Indian tribe shall be considered to achieve full compliance under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) at least 90 percent of building space cov-ered by the code in the preceding year substan-tially meets all the requirements of the applica-ble code specified in paragraph (1), or achieves equivalent or greater energy savings level; or ‘‘(B) the estimated excess energy use of build-ings that did not meet the applicable code speci-fied in paragraph (1) in the preceding year, compared to a baseline of comparable buildings that meet this code, is not more than 5 percent of the estimated energy use of all buildings cov-ered by this code during the preceding year. ‘‘(4) S
IGNIFICANT PROGRESS TOWARD ACHIEVE -
MENT OF COMPLIANCE .—A State or Indian tribe shall be considered to have made significant progress toward achieving compliance for pur-poses of paragraph (1) if the State or Indian tribe— ‘‘(A) has developed and is implementing a plan for achieving compliance during the 8-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this paragraph, including annual targets for compliance and active training and enforcement programs; and ‘‘(B) has met the most recent target under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) V
ALIDATION BY SECRETARY .—Not later than 90 days after a State or Indian tribe certifi-cation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) determine whether the State or Indian tribe has demonstrated meeting the criteria of this subsection, including accurate measurement of compliance; ‘‘(B) determine whether the certification sub-mitted by the State or Indian tribe is complete; and ‘‘(C) if the requirements of subparagraph (B) are satisfied, validate the certification. ‘‘(6) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section shall be interpreted to require a State or Indian tribe to adopt any building code or provision within a code. ‘‘(d) S
TATES OR INDIAN TRIBES THATDONOT A
CHIEVE COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORTING .—A State or Indian tribe that has not made a certification required under sub-section (b) or (c) by the applicable deadline shall submit to the Secretary a report on the sta-tus of the State or Indian tribe with respect to meeting the requirements and submitting the certification. ‘‘(2) S
TATE SOVEREIGNTY .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be interpreted to require a State or In-dian tribe to adopt any building code or provi-sion within a code. ‘‘(3) L
OCAL GOVERNMENT .—In any State or In-dian tribe for which the Secretary has not vali-dated a certification under subsection (b) or (c), a local government may be eligible for Federal support by meeting the certification require-ments of subsections (b) and (c). ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORTS BY SECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-ally submit to Congress, and publish in the Fed-eral Register, a report on— ‘‘(i) the status of model building energy codes; ‘‘(ii) the status of code adoption and compli-ance in the States and Indian tribes; ‘‘(iii) implementation of this section; and ‘‘(iv) improvements in energy savings over time as a result of the targets established under section 307(b)(2). ‘‘(B) IMPACTS .—The report shall include esti-mates of impacts of past action under this sec-tion, and potential impacts of further action, on— ‘‘(i) upfront financial and construction costs, cost benefits and returns (using a return on in-vestment analysis), and lifetime energy use for buildings; ‘‘(ii) resulting energy costs to individuals and businesses; and ‘‘(iii) resulting overall annual building owner-ship and operating costs. ‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO STATES AND IN-
DIAN TRIBES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, upon request, provide technical assistance to States and Indian tribes to implement the goals and re-quirements of this section— ‘‘(A) to implement State residential and com-mercial building energy codes; and ‘‘(B) to document the rate of compliance with a building energy code. ‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The assistance shall include, as requested by the State or In-dian tribe, technical assistance in— ‘‘(A) evaluating the energy savings of building energy codes; ‘‘(B) assessing the economic considerations, referenced in section 307(b)(4), of implementing building energy codes; ‘‘(C) building energy analysis and design tools; ‘‘(D) energy simulation models; ‘‘(E) building demonstrations; ‘‘(F) developing the definitions of energy use intensity and building types for use in model building energy codes to evaluate the efficiency impacts of the model building energy codes; and ‘‘(G) complying with a performance-based pathway referenced in the model code. ‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION .—For purposes of this section, ‘technical assistance’ shall not include actions that promote or discourage the adoption of a particular building energy code, code provision, or energy savings target to a State or Indian tribe. ‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION QUALITY AND TRANS -
PARENCY .—For purposes of this section, infor-mation provided by the Secretary, attendant to any technical assistance provided to a State or Indian tribe, is ‘influential information’ and shall satisfy the guidelines established by the Office of Management and Budget and pub-lished at 67 Federal Register 8,452 (February 22, 2002). ‘‘(f) F
EDERAL SUPPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide support to States and Indian tribes— ‘‘(A) to implement the reporting requirements of this section; and ‘‘(B) to implement residential and commercial building energy codes, including increasing and verifying compliance with the codes and train-ing of State, tribal, and local building code offi-cials to implement and enforce the codes. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—Support shall not be given to support adoption and implementation of model building energy codes for which the Sec-retary has made a determination under section 307(g)(1)(C) that the code is not cost-effective. ‘‘(3) T
RAINING .—Support shall be offered to States to train State and local building code of-ficials to implement and enforce codes described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(4) L
OCAL GOVERNMENTS .—States may work under this subsection with local governments that implement and enforce codes described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(g) V
OLUNTARY PROGRAMS TOEXCEED  M
ODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide technical assistance, as described in subsection (e), for the development of voluntary programs that exceed the model building energy codes for residential and commercial buildings for use as— ‘‘(A) voluntary incentive programs adopted by local, tribal, or State governments; and ‘‘(B) nonbinding guidelines for energy-effi-cient building design. ‘‘(2) TARGETS .—The voluntary programs de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be designed— ‘‘(A) to achieve substantial energy savings compared to the model building energy codes; and ‘‘(B) to meet targets under section 307(b), if available, up to 3 to 6 years in advance of the target years. ‘‘(h) S
TUDIES .— ‘‘(1) GAO 
STUDY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the impacts of updating the national model building energy codes for residential and commercial buildings. In conducting the study, the Comp-troller General shall consider and report, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) the actual energy consumption savings stemming from updated energy codes compared to the energy consumption savings predicted during code development; ‘‘(ii) the actual consumer cost savings stem-ming from updated energy codes compared to predicted consumer cost savings; and ‘‘(iii) an accounting of expenditures of the Federal funds under each program authorized by this title. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2016, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives including the study findings and conclusions. ‘‘(2) F
EASIBILITY STUDY .—The Secretary, in consultation with building science experts from the National Laboratories and institutions of higher education, designers and builders of en-ergy-efficient residential and commercial build-ings, code officials, and other stakeholders, shall undertake a study of the feasibility, im-pact, economics, and merit of— ‘‘(A) code improvements that would require that buildings be designed, sited, and con-structed in a manner that makes the buildings more adaptable in the future to become zero-net- energy after initial construction, as advances are achieved in energy-saving technologies; ‘‘(B) code procedures to incorporate a ten- year payback, not just first-year energy use, in trade-offs and performance calculations; and ‘‘(C) legislative options for increasing energy savings from building energy codes, including additional incentives for effective State and local verification of compliance with and en-forcement of a code. ‘‘(3) E
NERGY DATA IN MULTITENANT BUILD -
INGS.—The Secretary, in consultation with ap-propriate representatives of the utility, utility regulatory, building ownership, and other stakeholders, shall— ‘‘(A) undertake a study of best practices re-garding delivery of aggregated energy consump-tion information to owners and managers of res-idential and commercial buildings with multiple tenants and uses; and ‘‘(B) consider the development of a memo-randum of understanding between and among affected stakeholders to reduce barriers to the delivery of aggregated energy consumption in-formation to such owners and managers. ‘‘(i) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS.—Nothing in this section or section 307 supersedes or modifies the application of sections 321 through 346 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6291 et seq.). ‘‘(j) F
UNDING LIMITATIONS .—No Federal funds shall be— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3140 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(1) used to support actions by the Secretary, or States, to promote or discourage the adoption of a particular building energy code, code provi-sion, or energy saving target to a State or In-dian tribe; or ‘‘(2) provided to private third parties or non- governmental organizations to engage in such activities.’’. (c) F
EDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFICIENCY  S
TANDARDS .—Section 305 of the Energy Con-servation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834) is amended by striking ‘‘voluntary building energy code’’ in subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b) and in-serting ‘‘model building energy code’’. (d) M
ODEL BUILDING ENERGY CODES.— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Section 307 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6836) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 307. SUPPORT FOR MODEL BUILDING EN-ERGY CODES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide technical assistance, as described in sub-section (c), for updating of model building en-ergy codes. ‘‘(b) T
ARGETS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide technical assistance, for updating the model building energy codes. ‘‘(2) T
ARGETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide technical assistance to States, Indian tribes, local governments, nationally recognized code and standards developers, and other inter-ested parties for updating of model building en-ergy codes by establishing one or more aggregate energy savings targets through rulemaking in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, to achieve the purposes of this sec-tion. ‘‘(B) S
EPARATE TARGETS .—Separate targets may be established for commercial and residen-tial buildings. ‘‘(C) B
ASELINES .—The baseline for updating model building energy codes shall be the 2009 IECC for residential buildings and ASHRAE Standard 90.1–2010 for commercial buildings. ‘‘(D) S
PECIFIC YEARS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Targets for specific years shall be established and revised by the Secretary through rulemaking in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, and coordi-nated with nationally recognized code and standards developers at a level that— ‘‘(I) is at the maximum level of energy effi-ciency that is technically feasible and cost effec-tive, while accounting for the economic consid-erations under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(II) promotes the achievement of commercial and residential high performance buildings through high performance energy efficiency (within the meaning of section 401 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17061)). ‘‘(ii) I
NITIAL TARGETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this clause, the Secretary shall establish initial targets under this subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) D
IFFERENT TARGET YEARS .—Subject to clause (i), prior to the applicable year, the Sec-retary may set a later target year for any of the model building energy codes described in sub-paragraph (A) if the Secretary determines that a target cannot be met. ‘‘(E) S
MALL BUSINESS .—When establishing tar-gets under this paragraph through rulemaking, the Secretary shall ensure compliance with the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fair-ness Act of 1996 (5 U.S.C. 601 note; Public Law 104–121) for any indirect economic effect on small entities that is reasonably foreseeable and a result of such rule. ‘‘(3) A
PPLIANCE STANDARDS AND OTHER FAC -
TORS AFFECTING BUILDING ENERGY USE .—In es- tablishing energy savings targets under para-graph (2), the Secretary shall develop and ad-just the targets in recognition of potential sav-ings and costs relating to— ‘‘(A) efficiency gains made in appliances, lighting, windows, insulation, and building en-velope sealing; ‘‘(B) advancement of distributed generation and on-site renewable power generation tech-nologies; ‘‘(C) equipment improvements for heating, cooling, and ventilation systems and water heating systems; ‘‘(D) building management systems and smart grid technologies to reduce energy use; and ‘‘(E) other technologies, practices, and build-ing systems regarding building plug load and other energy uses. In developing and adjusting the targets, the Secretary shall use climate zone weighted aver-ages for equipment efficiency for heating, cool-ing, ventilation, and water heating systems, using equipment that is actually installed. ‘‘(4) ECONOMIC CONSIDERATIONS .—In estab- lishing and revising energy savings targets under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall con-sider the economic feasibility of achieving the proposed targets established under this section and the potential costs and savings for con-sumers and building owners, by conducting a return on investment analysis, using a simple payback methodology over a 3-, 5-, and 7-year period. The Secretary shall not propose or pro-vide technical or financial assistance for any code, provision in the code, or energy target, or amendment thereto, that has a payback greater than 10 years. ‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO MODEL BUILD-
INGENERGY CODE-SETTING AND STANDARD DE-
VELOPMENT ORGANIZATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, on a timely basis, provide technical assistance to model building energy code-setting and stand-ard development organizations consistent with the goals of this section. ‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The assistance shall include, as requested by the organizations, technical assistance in— ‘‘(A) evaluating the energy savings of building energy codes; ‘‘(B) assessing the economic considerations, under subsection (b)(4), of code or standards proposals or revisions; ‘‘(C) building energy analysis and design tools; ‘‘(D) energy simulation models; ‘‘(E) building demonstrations; ‘‘(F) developing definitions of energy use in-tensity and building types for use in model building energy codes to evaluate the efficiency impacts of the model building energy codes; ‘‘(G) developing a performance-based pathway for compliance; ‘‘(H) developing model building energy codes by Indian tribes in accordance with tribal law; and ‘‘(I) code development meetings, including through direct Federal employee participation in committee meetings, hearings and online com-munication, voting, and presenting research and technical or economic analyses during such meetings. ‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION .—Except as provided in para-graph (2)(I), for purposes of this section, ‘tech-nical assistance’ shall not include actions that promote or discourage the adoption of a par-ticular building energy code, code provision, or energy savings target. ‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION QUALITY AND TRANS -
PARENCY .—For purposes of this section, infor-mation provided by the Secretary, attendant to development of any energy savings targets, is influential information and shall satisfy the guidelines established by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and published at 67 Federal Register 8,452 (February 22, 2002). ‘‘(d) A
MENDMENT PROPOSALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may submit timely model building energy code amendment proposals that are technically feasible, cost-ef-fective, and technology-neutral to the model building energy code-setting and standard de-velopment organizations, with supporting evi-dence, sufficient to enable the model building energy codes to meet the targets established under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(2) PROCESS AND FACTORS .—All amendment proposals submitted by the Secretary shall be published in the Federal Register and made available on the Department of Energy website 90 days prior to any submittal to a code develop-ment body, and shall be subject to a public com-ment period of not less than 60 days. Informa-tion provided by the Secretary, attendant to submission of any amendment proposals, is in-fluential information and shall satisfy the guidelines established by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and published at 67 Federal Register 8,452 (February 22, 2002). When calcu-lating the costs and benefits of an amendment, the Secretary shall use climate zone weighted averages for equipment efficiency for heating, cooling, ventilation, and water heating systems, using equipment that is actually installed. ‘‘(e) A
NALYSIS METHODOLOGY .—The Secretary shall make publicly available the entire calcula-tion methodology (including input assumptions and data) used by the Secretary to estimate the energy savings of code or standard proposals and revisions. ‘‘(f) M
ETHODOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .—The Sec- retary shall establish a methodology for evalu-ating cost effectiveness of energy code changes in multifamily buildings that incorporates eco-nomic parameters representative of typical mul-tifamily buildings. ‘‘(g) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) R
EVISION OF MODEL BUILDING ENERGY  
CODES .—If the provisions of the IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1 regarding building en-ergy use are revised, the Secretary shall make a preliminary determination not later than 90 days after the date of the revision, and a final determination not later than 15 months after the date of the revision, on whether or not the revi-sion— ‘‘(A) improves energy efficiency in buildings compared to the existing IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1, as applicable; ‘‘(B) meets the applicable targets under sub-section (b)(2); and ‘‘(C) is technically feasible and cost-effective. ‘‘(2) C
ODES OR STANDARDS NOT MEETING CRI -
TERIA .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary makes a preliminary determination under paragraph (1)(B) that a revised IECC or ASHRAE Stand-ard 90.1 does not meet the targets established under subsection (b)(2), is not technically fea-sible, or is not cost-effective, the Secretary may at the same time provide technical assistance, as described in subsection (c), to the International Code Council or ASHRAE, as applicable, with proposed changes that would result in a model building energy code or standard that meets the criteria, and with supporting evidence. Proposed changes submitted by the Secretary shall be published in the Federal Register and made available on the Department of Energy website 90 days prior to any submittal to a code develop-ment body, and shall be subject to a public com-ment period of not less than 60 days. Informa-tion provided by the Secretary, attendant to submission of any amendment proposals, is in-fluential information and shall satisfy the guidelines established by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and published at 67 Federal Register 8,452 (February 22, 2002). ‘‘(B) I
NCORPORATION OF CHANGES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On receipt of the technical assistance, as described in subsection (c), the International Code Council or ASHRAE, as ap-plicable, shall, prior to the Secretary making a final determination under paragraph (1), have an additional 270 days to accept or reject the proposed changes made by the Secretary to the model building energy code or standard. ‘‘(ii) F
INAL DETERMINATION .—A final deter-mination under paragraph (1) shall be on the final revised model building energy code or standard. ‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3141 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(1) publish notice of targets, amendment pro-posals and supporting analysis and determina-tions under this section in the Federal Register to provide an explanation of and the basis for such actions, including any supporting mod-eling, data, assumptions, protocols, and cost- benefit analysis, including return on invest-ment; ‘‘(2) provide an opportunity for public com-ment on targets and supporting analysis and de-terminations under this section, in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code; and ‘‘(3) provide an opportunity for public com-ment on amendment proposals. ‘‘(i) V
OLUNTARY CODES AND STANDARDS .—Not withstanding any other provision of this sec-tion, any model building code or standard estab-lished under this section shall not be binding on a State, local government, or Indian tribe as a matter of Federal law.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relat-ing to section 307 in the table of contents for the Energy Conservation and Production Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 307. Support for model building energy codes.’’. 
SEC. 3142. VOLUNTARY NATURE OF BUILDING ASSET RATING PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any program of the Sec-retary of Energy that may enable the owner of a commercial building or a residential building to obtain a rating, score, or label regarding the actual or anticipated energy usage or perform-ance of a building shall be made available on a voluntary, optional, and market-driven basis. (b) D
ISCLAIMER AS TO REGULATORY INTENT .— Information disseminated by the Secretary of Energy regarding the program described in sub-section (a), including any information made available by the Secretary on a website, shall include language plainly stating that such pro-gram is not developed or intended to be the basis for a regulatory program by a Federal, State, local, or municipal government body. CHAPTER 5—EPCA TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS AND CLARIFICATIONS 
SEC. 3151. MODIFYING PRODUCT DEFINITIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOMODIFY DEFINITIONS .— (1) C
OVERED PRODUCTS .—Section 322 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6292) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) M
ODIFYING DEFINITIONS OF COVERED  P
RODUCTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any covered product for which a definition is provided in section 321, the Secretary may, by rule, unless prohibited herein, modify such definition in order to— ‘‘(A) address significant changes in the prod-uct or the market occurring since the definition was established; and ‘‘(B) better enable improvements in the energy efficiency of the product as part of an energy using system. ‘‘(2) A
NTIBACKSLIDING EXEMPTION .—Section 325(o)(1) shall not apply to adjustments to cov-ered product definitions made pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURE FOR MODIFYING DEFINITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notice of any adjustment to the definition of a covered product and an ex-planation of the reasons therefor shall be pub-lished in the Federal Register and opportunity provided for public comment. ‘‘(B) C
ONSENSUS REQUIRED .—Any amendment to the definition of a covered product under this subsection must have consensus support, as re-flected in— ‘‘(i) the outcome of negotiations conducted in accordance with the subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’); or ‘‘(ii) the Secretary’s receipt of a statement that is submitted jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view (including representatives of manufac-turers of covered products, States, and effi-ciency advocates), as determined by the Sec-retary, which contains a recommended modified definition for a covered product. ‘‘(4) EFFECT OF A MODIFIED DEFINITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For any type or class of consumer product which becomes a covered product pursuant to this subsection— ‘‘(i) the Secretary may establish test proce-dures for such type or class of covered product pursuant to section 323 and energy conservation standards pursuant to section 325(l); ‘‘(ii) the Commission may prescribe labeling rules pursuant to section 324 if the Commission determines that labeling in accordance with that section is technologically and economically feasible and likely to assist consumers in making purchasing decisions; ‘‘(iii) section 327 shall begin to apply to such type or class of covered product in accordance with section 325(ii)(1); and ‘‘(iv) standards previously promulgated under section 325 shall not apply to such type or class of product. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—For any type or class of consumer product which ceases to be a covered product pursuant to this subsection, the provi-sions of this part shall no longer apply to the type or class of consumer product.’’. (2) C
OVERED EQUIPMENT .—Section 341 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6312) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) M
ODIFYING DEFINITIONS OF COVERED  E
QUIPMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any covered equipment for which a definition is provided in section 340, the Secretary may, by rule, unless prohibited herein, modify such definition in order to— ‘‘(A) address significant changes in the prod-uct or the market occurring since the definition was established; and ‘‘(B) better enable improvements in the energy efficiency of the equipment as part of an energy using system. ‘‘(2) A
NTIBACKSLIDING EXEMPTION .—Section 325(o)(1) shall not apply to adjustments to cov-ered equipment definitions made pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURE FOR MODIFYING DEFINITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notice of any adjustment to the definition of a type of covered equipment and an explanation of the reasons therefor shall be published in the Federal Register and oppor-tunity provided for public comment. ‘‘(B) C
ONSENSUS REQUIRED .—Any amendment to the definition of a type of covered equipment under this subsection must have consensus sup-port, as reflected in— ‘‘(i) the outcome of negotiations conducted in accordance with the subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’); or ‘‘(ii) the Secretary’s receipt of a statement that is submitted jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view (including representatives of manufac-turers of covered equipment, States, and effi-ciency advocates), as determined by the Sec-retary, which contains a recommended modified definition for a type of covered equipment. ‘‘(4) E
FFECT OF A MODIFIED DEFINITION .— ‘‘(A) For any type or class of equipment which becomes covered equipment pursuant to this subsection— ‘‘(i) the Secretary may establish test proce-dures for such type or class of covered equip-ment pursuant to section 343 and energy con-servation standards pursuant to section 325(l); ‘‘(ii) the Secretary may prescribe labeling rules pursuant to section 344 if the Secretary de-termines that labeling in accordance with that section is technologically and economically fea-sible and likely to assist purchasers in making purchasing decisions; ‘‘(iii) section 327 shall begin to apply to such type or class of covered equipment in accord-ance with section 325(ii)(1); and ‘‘(iv) standards previously promulgated under section 325, 342, or 346 shall not apply to such type or class of covered equipment. ‘‘(B) For any type or class of equipment which ceases to be covered equipment pursuant to this subsection the provisions of this part shall no longer apply to the type or class of equipment.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS PROVIDING FOR  J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) Section 336 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6306) is amended by striking ‘‘section 323,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 322, 323,’’; and (2) Section 345(a)(1) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6316(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) the references to sections 322, 323, 324, and 325 of this Act shall be considered as ref-erences to sections 341, 343, 344, and 342 of this Act, respectively;’’. 
SEC. 3152. CLARIFYING RULEMAKING PROCE-DURES. 
(a) C OVERED PRODUCTS .—Section 325(p) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(p)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (2), (3), (5), and (6), re-spectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so re-designated by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following: ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall provide an oppor-tunity for public input prior to the issuance of a proposed rule, seeking information— ‘‘(A) identifying and commenting on design options; ‘‘(B) on the existence of and opportunities for voluntary nonregulatory actions; and ‘‘(C) identifying significant subgroups of con-sumers and manufacturers that merit anal-ysis.’’; (3) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘adequate;’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘stand-ard.’’ and inserting ‘‘standard;’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) whether the technical and economic ana-lytical assumptions, methods, and models used to justify the standard to be prescribed are— ‘‘(i) justified; and ‘‘(ii) available and accessible for public re-view, analysis, and use; and ‘‘(F) the cumulative regulatory impacts on the manufacturers of the product, taking into ac-count— ‘‘(i) other government standards affecting en-ergy use; and ‘‘(ii) other energy conservation standards af-fecting the same manufacturers.’’; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (3) (as so re-designated by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following: ‘‘(4) R
ESTRICTION ON TEST PROCEDURE AMEND -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any proposed energy con-servation standards rule shall be based on the final test procedure which shall be used to de-termine compliance, and the public comment pe-riod on the proposed standards shall conclude no sooner than 180 days after the date of publi-cation of a final rule revising the test procedure. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may propose or prescribe an amendment to the test proce-dures issued pursuant to section 323 for any type or class of covered product after the issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking to prescribe an amended or new energy conserva-tion standard for that type or class of covered product, but before the issuance of a final rule prescribing any such standard, if— ‘‘(i) the amendments to the test procedure have consensus support achieved through a rulemaking conducted in accordance with the subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3142 May 25, 2016 
States Code (commonly known as the ‘Nego-tiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’); or ‘‘(ii) the Secretary receives a statement that is submitted jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view (including representatives of manufacturers of the type or class of covered product, States, and efficiency advocates), as determined by the Sec-retary, which contains a recommendation that a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking is not necessary for the type or class of covered product.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 345(b)(1) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6316(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 325(p)(4),’’ and inserting ‘‘section 325(p)(3), (4), and (6),’’. CHAPTER 6—ENERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 3161. SMART ENERGY AND WATER EFFI-CIENCY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible enti-ty’’ means— (A) a utility; (B) a municipality; (C) a water district; and (D) any other authority that provides water, wastewater, or water reuse services. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. (3) S
MART ENERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY  
PILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘smart energy and water efficiency pilot program’’ or ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the pilot program established under subsection (b). (b) S
MART ENERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY  P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish and carry out a smart energy and water effi-ciency management pilot program in accordance with this section. (2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the smart en-ergy and water efficiency pilot program is to award grants to eligible entities to demonstrate advanced and innovative technology-based so-lutions that will— (A) increase and improve the energy efficiency of water, wastewater, and water reuse systems to help communities across the United States make significant progress in conserving water, saving energy, and reducing costs; (B) support the implementation of innovative processes and the installation of advanced auto-mated systems that provide real-time data on energy and water; and (C) improve energy and water conservation, water quality, and predictive maintenance of energy and water systems, through the use of Internet-connected technologies, including sen-sors, intelligent gateways, and security embed-ded in hardware. (3) P
ROJECT SELECTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make competitive, merit-reviewed grants under the pilot program to not less than 3, but not more than 5, eligible entities. (B) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting an eli-gible entity to receive a grant under the pilot program, the Secretary shall consider— (i) energy and cost savings anticipated to re-sult from the project; (ii) the innovative nature, commercial viabil-ity, and reliability of the technology to be used; (iii) the degree to which the project integrates next-generation sensors, software, hardware, analytics, and management tools; (iv) the anticipated cost effectiveness of the pilot project in terms of energy efficiency sav-ings, water savings or reuse, and infrastructure costs averted; (v) whether the technology can be deployed in a variety of geographic regions and the degree to which the technology can be implemented on a smaller or larger scale, including whether the technology can be implemented by each type of eligible entity; (vi) whether the technology has been success-fully deployed elsewhere; (vii) whether the technology is sourced from a manufacturer based in the United States; and (viii) whether the project will be completed in 5 years or less. (C) APPLICATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), an eli-gible entity seeking a grant under the pilot pro-gram shall submit to the Secretary an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary. (ii) C
ONTENTS .—An application under clause (i) shall, at a minimum, include— (I) a description of the project; (II) a description of the technology to be used in the project; (III) the anticipated results, including energy and water savings, of the project; (IV) a comprehensive budget for the project; (V) the names of the project lead organization and any partners; (VI) the number of users to be served by the project; and (VII) any other information that the Secretary determines to be necessary to complete the re-view and selection of a grant recipient. (4) A
DMINISTRATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 300 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall select grant recipients under this section. (B) E
VALUATIONS .—The Secretary shall annu-ally carry out an evaluation of each project for which a grant is provided under this section that— (i) evaluates the progress and impact of the project; and (ii) assesses the degree to which the project is meeting the goals of the pilot program. (C) T
ECHNICAL AND POLICY ASSISTANCE .—On the request of a grant recipient, the Secretary shall provide technical and policy assistance to the grant recipient to carry out the project. (D) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall make available to the public— (i) a copy of each evaluation carried out under subparagraph (B); and (ii) a description of any best practices identi-fied by the Secretary as a result of those evalua-tions. (E) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of each evaluation carried out under subparagraph (B). (c) F
UNDING .—To carry out this section, the Secretary is authorized to use not more than $15,000,000, to the extent provided in advance in appropriation Acts. 
SEC. 3162. WATERSENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 324A the following: 
‘‘SEC. 324B. WATERSENSE. 
‘‘(a) W ATERSENSE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established within the Environmental Protection Agency a vol-untary program, to be entitled ‘WaterSense’, to identify water efficient products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services that sensibly— ‘‘(A) reduce water use; ‘‘(B) reduce the strain on public and commu-nity water systems and wastewater and stormwater infrastructure; ‘‘(C) conserve energy used to pump, heat, transport, and treat water; and ‘‘(D) preserve water resources for future gen-erations, through voluntary labeling of, or other forms of communications about, products, build-ings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and serv-ices while still meeting strict performance cri-teria. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Administrator, coordi-nating as appropriate with the Secretary of En-ergy, shall— ‘‘(A) establish— ‘‘(i) a WaterSense label to be used for items meeting the certification criteria established in this section; and ‘‘(ii) the procedure, including the methods and means, by which an item may be certified to dis-play the WaterSense label; ‘‘(B) conduct a public awareness education campaign regarding the WaterSense label; ‘‘(C) preserve the integrity of the WaterSense label by— ‘‘(i) establishing and maintaining feasible per-formance criteria so that products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services la-beled with the WaterSense label perform as well or better than less water-efficient counterparts; ‘‘(ii) overseeing WaterSense certifications made by third parties; ‘‘(iii) using testing protocols, from the appro-priate, applicable, and relevant consensus standards, for the purpose of determining stand-ards compliance; and ‘‘(iv) auditing the use of the WaterSense label in the marketplace and preventing cases of mis-use; and ‘‘(D) not more often than every six years, re-view and, if appropriate, update WaterSense criteria for the defined categories of water-effi-cient product, building, landscape, process, or service, including— ‘‘(i) providing reasonable notice to interested parties and the public of any such changes, in-cluding effective dates, and an explanation of the changes; ‘‘(ii) soliciting comments from interested par-ties and the public prior to any such changes; ‘‘(iii) as appropriate, responding to comments submitted by interested parties and the public; and ‘‘(iv) providing an appropriate transition time prior to the applicable effective date of any such changes, taking into account the timing nec-essary for the manufacture, marketing, training, and distribution of the specific water-efficient product, building, landscape, process, or service category being addressed. ‘‘(b) USE OF SCIENCE .—In carrying out this section, and, to the degree that an agency ac-tion is based on science, the Administrator shall use— ‘‘(1) the best available peer-reviewed science and supporting studies conducted in accordance with sound and objective scientific practices; and ‘‘(2) data collected by accepted methods or best available methods (if the reliability of the method and the nature of the decision justify use of the data). ‘‘(c) D
ISTINCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—In setting or maintaining standards for Energy Star pur-suant to section 324A, and WaterSense under this section, the Secretary and Administrator shall coordinate to prevent duplicative or con-flicting requirements among the respective pro-grams. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. ‘‘(2) F
EASIBLE .—The term ‘feasible’ means fea-sible with the use of the best technology, treat-ment techniques, and other means that the Ad-ministrator finds, after examination for efficacy under field conditions and not solely under lab-oratory conditions, are available (taking cost into consideration). ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Energy. ‘‘(4) W
ATER-EFFICIENT PRODUCT , BUILDING , 
LANDSCAPE , PROCESS , OR SERVICE .—The term ‘water-efficient product, building, landscape, process, or service’ means a product, building, landscape, process, or service for a residence or a commercial or institutional building, or its landscape, that is rated for water efficiency and performance, the covered categories of which are— ‘‘(A) irrigation technologies and services; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3143 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(B) point-of-use water treatment devices; ‘‘(C) plumbing products; ‘‘(D) reuse and recycling technologies; ‘‘(E) landscaping and gardening products, in-cluding moisture control or water enhancing technologies; ‘‘(F) xeriscaping and other landscape conver-sions that reduce water use; and ‘‘(G) new water efficient homes certified under the WaterSense program.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (Public Law 94–163; 42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item re-lating to section 324A the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 324B. WaterSense.’’. Subtitle B—Accountability CHAPTER 1—MARKET MANIPULATION, ENFORCEMENT, AND COMPLIANCE 
SEC. 3211. FERC OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE ASSIST-ANCE AND PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
Section 319 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 825q–1) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 319. OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE ASSISTANCE AND PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Commission an Office of Compliance Assistance and Public Participation (referred to in this section as the ‘Office’). The Office shall be headed by a Director. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES OF DIRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Office shall promote improved compliance with Com-mission rules and orders by— ‘‘(A) making recommendations to the Commis-sion regarding— ‘‘(i) the protection of consumers; ‘‘(ii) market integrity and support for the de-velopment of responsible market behavior; ‘‘(iii) the application of Commission rules and orders in a manner that ensures that— ‘‘(I) rates and charges for, or in connection with, the transmission or sale of electric energy subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission shall be just and reasonable and not unduly dis-criminatory or preferential; and ‘‘(II) markets for such transmission and sale of electric energy are not impaired and con-sumers are not damaged; and ‘‘(iv) the impact of existing and proposed Commission rules and orders on small entities, as defined in section 601 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexi-bility Act); ‘‘(B) providing entities subject to regulation by the Commission the opportunity to obtain timely guidance for compliance with Commission rules and orders; and ‘‘(C) providing information to the Commission and Congress to inform policy with respect to energy issues under the jurisdiction of the Com-mission. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTS AND GUIDANCE .—The Director shall, as the Director determines appropriate, issue reports and guidance to the Commission and to entities subject to regulation by the Com-mission, regarding market practices, proposing improvements in Commission monitoring of mar-ket practices, and addressing potential improve-ments to both industry and Commission prac-tices. ‘‘(3) O
UTREACH .—The Director shall promote improved compliance with Commission rules and orders through outreach, publications, and, where appropriate, direct communication with entities regulated by the Commission.’’. CHAPTER 2—MARKET REFORMS 
SEC. 3221. GAO STUDY ON WHOLESALE ELEC-TRICITY MARKETS. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report describing the results of a study of whether and how the current market rules, practices, and structures of each regional transmission entity produce rates that are just and reasonable by— (1) facilitating fuel diversity, the availability of generation resources during emergency and severe weather conditions, resource adequacy, and reliability, including the cost-effective re-tention and development of needed generation; (2) promoting the equitable treatment of busi-ness models, including different utility types, the integration of diverse generation resources, and advanced grid technologies; (3) identifying and addressing regulatory bar-riers to entry, market-distorting incentives, and artificial constraints on competition; (4) providing transparency regarding dispatch decisions, including the need for out-of-market actions and payments, and the accuracy of day- ahead unit commitments; (5) facilitating the development of necessary natural gas pipeline and electric transmission infrastructure; (6) ensuring fairness and transparency in gov-ernance structures and stakeholder processes, including meaningful participation by both vot-ing and nonvoting stakeholder representatives; (7) ensuring the proper alignment of the en-ergy and transmission markets by including both energy and financial transmission rights in the day-ahead markets; (8) facilitating the ability of load-serving enti-ties to self-supply their service territory load; (9) considering, as appropriate, State and local resource planning; and (10) mitigating, to the extent practicable, the disruptive effects of tariff revisions on the eco-nomic decisionmaking of market participants. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) L
OAD-SERVING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘load- serving entity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 217 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824q). (2) R
EGIONAL TRANSMISSION ENTITY .—The term ‘‘regional transmission entity’’ means a Re-gional Transmission Organization or an Inde-pendent System Operator, as such terms are de-fined in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). 
SEC. 3222. CLARIFICATION OF FACILITY MERGER AUTHORIZATION. 
Section 203(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824b(a)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘such facilities or any part thereof’’ and insert-ing ‘‘such facilities, or any part thereof, of a value in excess of $10,000,000’’. CHAPTER 3—CODE MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 3231. REPEAL OF OFF-HIGHWAY MOTOR VE-HICLES STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Part I of title III of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6373) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (Public Law 94–163; 89 Stat. 871) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to part I of title III; and (2) by striking the item relating to section 385. 
SEC. 3232. REPEAL OF METHANOL STUDY. 
Section 400EE of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374d) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); and (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. 
SEC. 3233. REPEAL OF RESIDENTIAL ENERGY EF-FICIENCY STANDARDS STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 253 of the National En-ergy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8232) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relating to section 253. 
SEC. 3234. REPEAL OF WEATHERIZATION STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 254 of the National En-ergy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8233) is repealed. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relating to section 254. 
SEC. 3235. REPEAL OF REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 273 of the National En-ergy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8236b) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relating to section 273. 
SEC. 3236. REPEAL OF REPORT BY GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 154 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262a) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 154. (2) Section 159 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262e) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 3237. REPEAL OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL EN-ERGY MANAGEMENT PLANNING AND COORDINATION WORKSHOPS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 156 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262b) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Pub-lic Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 156. 
SEC. 3238. REPEAL OF INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT SURVEY AND PRESIDENT’S COUNCIL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFI-CIENCY REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 160 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262f) is amended by strik-ing the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL  R
EVIEW .—Each Inspector General’’ and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 160. INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW. 
‘‘Each Inspector General’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Pub-lic Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 160 and in-serting the following: ‘‘Sec. 160. Inspector General review.’’. 
SEC. 3239. REPEAL OF PROCUREMENT AND IDEN-TIFICATION OF ENERGY EFFICIENT PRODUCTS PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 161 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 8262g) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Pub-lic Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 161. 
SEC. 3240. REPEAL OF NATIONAL ACTION PLAN FOR DEMAND RESPONSE. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Part 5 of title V of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8279) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206; 121 Stat. 1665) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to part 5 of title V; and (2) by striking the item relating to section 571. 
SEC. 3241. REPEAL OF NATIONAL COAL POLICY STUDY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 741 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8451) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 741. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3144 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 3242. REPEAL OF STUDY ON COMPLIANCE PROBLEM OF SMALL ELECTRIC UTIL-ITY SYSTEMS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 744 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8454) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 744. 
SEC. 3243. REPEAL OF STUDY OF SOCIO-ECONOMIC IMPACTS OF INCREASED COAL PRODUCTION AND OTHER EN-ERGY DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 746 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8456) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 746. 
SEC. 3244. REPEAL OF STUDY OF THE USE OF PE-TROLEUM AND NATURAL GAS IN COMBUSTORS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 747 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8457) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 747. 
SEC. 3245. REPEAL OF SUBMISSION OF REPORTS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 807 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8483) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 807. 
SEC. 3246. REPEAL OF ELECTRIC UTILITY CON-SERVATION PLAN. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 808 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8484) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 808. (2) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .—Section 712 of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8422) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERALLY .—’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 3247. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT TO POWER-PLANT AND INDUSTRIAL FUEL USE ACT OF 1978. 
The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95– 620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 742. 
SEC. 3248. EMERGENCY ENERGY CONSERVATION REPEALS. 
(a) R EPEALS .— (1) Section 201 of the Emergency Energy Con-servation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8501) is amend-ed— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ FIND- INGS AND’’; (B) by striking subsection (a); and (C) by striking ‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—’’. (2) Section 221 of the Emergency Energy Con-servation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8521) is repealed. (3) Section 222 of the Emergency Energy Con-servation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8522) is repealed. (4) Section 241 of the Emergency Energy Con-servation Act of 1979 (42 U.S.C. 8531) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Emergency Energy Conserva-tion Act of 1979 (Public Law 96–102; 93 Stat. 749) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 201 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 201. Purposes.’’; and (2) by striking the items relating to sections 221, 222, and 241. SEC. 3249. REPEAL OF STATE UTILITY REGU-LATORY ASSISTANCE. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 207 of the Energy Con-servation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6807) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Conservation and Pro-duction Act (Public Law 94–385; 90 Stat. 1125) is amended by striking the item relating to section 207. 
SEC. 3250. REPEAL OF SURVEY OF ENERGY SAV-ING POTENTIAL. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 550 of the National En-ergy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8258b) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of contents for the National En-ergy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95– 619; 92 Stat. 3206; 106 Stat. 2851) is amended by striking the item relating to section 550. (2) Section 543(d)(2) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘, incorporating any rel-evant information obtained from the survey con-ducted pursuant to section 550’’. 
SEC. 3251. REPEAL OF PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Part 4 of title V of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8271 et seq.) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to part 4 of title V; and (2) by striking the items relating to sections 561 through 570. 
SEC. 3252. REPEAL OF ENERGY AUDITOR TRAIN-ING AND CERTIFICATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subtitle F of title V of the En-ergy Security Act (42 U.S.C. 8285 et seq.) is re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Security Act (Public Law 96–294; 94 Stat. 611) is amended by striking the items relating to subtitle F of title V. CHAPTER 4—AUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 3261 AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated, out of funds authorized under previously enacted laws, amounts required for carrying out this di-vision and the amendments made by this divi-sion. TITLE IV—CHANGING CRUDE OIL MARKET CONDITIONS 
SEC. 4001. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The United States has enjoyed a renais-sance in energy production, establishing the United States as the world’s leading oil pro-ducer. (2) By authorizing crude oil exports, the Con-gress can spur domestic energy production, cre-ate and preserve jobs, help maintain and strengthen our independent shipping fleet that is essential to national defense, and generate State and Federal revenues. (3) An energy-secure United States that is a net exporter of energy has the potential to transform the security environment around the world, notably in Europe and the Middle East. (4) For our European allies and Israel, the presence of more United States oil in the market will offer more secure supply options, which will strengthen United States strategic alliances and help curtail the use of energy as a political weapon. (5) The 60-ship Maritime Security Fleet is a vital element of our military’s strategic sealift and global response capability. It assures United States-flag ships and United States crews will be available to support the United States military when it needs to mobilize to pro-tect our allies, and is the most prudent and eco-nomical solution to meet current and projected sealift requirements for the United States. (6) The Maritime Security Fleet program pro-vides a labor base of skilled American mariners who are available to crew the United States Government-owned strategic sealift fleet, as well as the United States commercial fleet, in both peace and war. (7) The United States has reduced its oil con-sumption over the past decade, and increasing investment in clean energy technology and en-ergy efficiency will lower energy prices, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and increase national security. SEC. 4002. REPEAL. 
Section 103 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212) and the item relat-ing thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
SEC. 4003. NATIONAL POLICY ON OIL EXPORT RE-STRICTIONS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, to promote the efficient exploration, production, storage, supply, marketing, pricing, and regula-tion of energy resources, including fossil fuels, no official of the Federal Government shall im-pose or enforce any restriction on the export of crude oil. 
SEC. 4004. STUDIES. 
(a) G REENHOUSE GASEMISSIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall conduct, and transmit to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the results of, a study on the net greenhouse gas emissions that will result from the repeal of the crude oil export ban under sec-tion 4002. (b) C
RUDE OILEXPORT STUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Department of Com-merce, in consultation with the Department of Energy, and other departments as appropriate, shall conduct a study of the State and national implications of lifting the crude oil export ban with respect to consumers and the economy. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall include an analysis of— (A) the economic impact that exporting crude oil will have on the economy of the United States; (B) the economic impact that exporting crude oil will have on consumers, taking into account impacts on energy prices; (C) the economic impact that exporting crude oil will have on domestic manufacturing, taking into account impacts on employment; and (D) the economic impact that exporting crude oil will have on the refining sector, taking into account impacts on employment. (3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Industry and Security shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 4005. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this title limits the authority of the President under the Constitution, the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), part B of title II of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6271 et seq.), the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), or any other provision of law that imposes sanctions on a foreign person or foreign government (includ-ing any provision of law that prohibits or re-stricts United States persons from engaging in a transaction with a sanctioned person or govern-ment), including a foreign government that is designated as a state sponsor of terrorism, to prohibit exports. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3145 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 4006. PARTNERSHIPS WITH MINORITY SERV-ING INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Department of Energy shall continue to develop and broaden partner-ships with minority serving institutions, includ-ing Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSI) and His-torically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) in the areas of oil and gas exploration, production, midstream, and refining. (b) P
UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS .—The De- partment of Energy shall encourage public-pri-vate partnerships between the energy sector and minority serving institutions, including His-panic Serving Institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
SEC. 4007. REPORT. 
Not later than 10 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil export ban under this title as it re-lates to promoting United States energy and na-tional security. 
SEC. 4008. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report analyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil exports will help create oppor-tunities for veterans and women in the United States, while promoting energy and national se-curity. 
SEC. 4009. PROHIBITION ON EXPORTS OF CRUDE OIL, REFINED PETROLEUM PROD-UCTS, AND PETROCHEMICAL PROD-UCTS TO THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to au-thorize the export of crude oil, refined petroleum products, and petrochemical products by or through any entity or person, wherever located, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States to any entity or person located in, subject to the jurisdiction of, or sponsored by the Islamic Re-public of Iran. TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 5001. ASSESSMENT OF REGULATORY RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall ensure that the requirements described in subsection (b) are satisfied. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall satisfy— (1) section 4 of Executive Order No. 12866 (5 U.S.C. 601 note) (relating to regulatory planning and review) and Executive Order No. 13563 (5 U.S.C. 601 note) (relating to improving regula-tion and regulatory review) (or any successor Executive order establishing requirements appli-cable to the uniform reporting of regulatory and deregulatory agendas); (2) section 602 of title 5, United States Code; (3) section 8 of Executive Order No. 13132 (5 U.S.C. 601 note) (relating to federalism); and (4) section 202(a) of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1532(a)). 
SEC. 5002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
OVERED CIVIL ACTION .—The term ‘‘cov-ered civil action’’ means a civil action con-taining a claim under section 702 of title 5, United States Code, regarding agency action (as defined for the purposes of that section) affect-ing a covered energy project on Federal land. (2) C
OVERED ENERGY PROJECT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘covered energy project’’ means— (i) the leasing of Federal land for the explo-ration, development, production, processing, or transmission of oil, natural gas, coal, geo-thermal, hydroelectric, biomass, solar, or any other source of energy; and (ii) any action under the lease. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘covered energy project’’ does not include any dispute between the parties to a lease regarding the obligations under the lease, including any alleged breach of the lease. SEC. 5003. EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR CERTAIN CIVIL ACTIONS RELATING TO COVERED ENERGY PROJECTS. 
Venue for any covered civil action shall lie in the United States district court in which the covered energy project or lease exists or is pro-posed. 
SEC. 5004. TIMELY FILING. 
To ensure timely redress by the courts, a cov-ered civil action shall be filed not later than the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the final Federal agency action to which the covered civil action relates. 
SEC. 5005. EXPEDITION IN HEARING AND DETER-MINING THE ACTION. 
The court shall endeavor to hear and deter-mine any covered civil action as expeditiously as practicable. 
SEC. 5006. LIMITATION ON INJUNCTION AND PRO-SPECTIVE RELIEF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In a covered civil action, a court shall not grant or approve any prospective relief unless the court finds that the relief— (1) is narrowly drawn; (2) extends no further than necessary to cor-rect the violation of a legal requirement; and (3) is the least intrusive means necessary to correct the violation. (b) D
URATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A court shall limit the dura-tion of preliminary injunctions to halt covered energy projects to not more than 60 days, unless the court finds clear reasons to extend the in-junction. (2) A
DMINISTRATION .—In the case of an exten-sion, the extension shall— (A) only be in 30-day increments; and (B) require action by the court to renew the injunction. (c) I
NGENERAL .—Sections 504 of title 5 and 2412 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Equal Access to Justice Act’’), shall not apply to a covered civil action. (d) C
OURT COSTS.—A party to a covered civil action shall not receive payment from the Fed-eral Government for the attorneys’ fees, ex-penses, or other court costs incurred by the party. 
SEC. 5007. LEGAL STANDING. 
A challenger that files an appeal with the De-partment of the Interior Board of Land Appeals shall meet the same standing requirements as a challenger before a United States district court. 
SEC. 5008. STUDY TO IDENTIFY LEGAL AND REGU-LATORY BARRIERS THAT DELAY, PROHIBIT, OR IMPEDE THE EXPORT OF NATURAL ENERGY RESOURCES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the results of a study to— (1) identify legal and regulatory barriers that delay, prohibit, or impede the export of natural energy resources, including government and technical (physical or market) barriers that hinder coal, natural gas, oil, and other energy exports; and (2) estimate the economic impacts of such bar-riers. 
SEC. 5009. STUDY OF VOLATILITY OF CRUDE OIL. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to Congress the results of a study to de-termine the maximum level of volatility that is consistent with the safest practicable shipment of crude oil by rail. 
SEC. 5010. SMART METER PRIVACY RIGHTS. 
(a) E LECTRICAL CORPORATION OR GASCOR-
PORATIONS .— (1) For purposes of this section, ‘‘electrical or gas consumption data’’ means data about a cus-tomer’s electrical or natural gas usage that is made available as part of an advanced metering infrastructure, and includes the name, account number, or residence of the customer. (2)(A) An electrical corporation or gas cor-poration shall not share, disclose, or otherwise make accessible to any third party a customer’s electrical or gas consumption data, except as provided in subsection (a)(5) or upon the con-sent of the customer. (B) An electrical corporation or gas corpora-tion shall not sell a customer’s electrical or gas consumption data or any other personally iden-tifiable information for any purpose. (C) The electrical corporation or gas corpora-tion or its contractors shall not provide an in-centive or discount to the customer for accessing the customer’s electrical or gas consumption data without the prior consent of the customer. (D) An electrical or gas corporation that uti-lizes an advanced metering infrastructure that allows a customer to access the customer’s elec-trical and gas consumption data shall ensure that the customer has an option to access that data without being required to agree to the sharing of his or her personally identifiable in-formation, including electrical or gas consump-tion data, with a third party. (3) If an electrical corporation or gas corpora-tion contracts with a third party for a service that allows a customer to monitor his or her electricity or gas usage, and that third party uses the data for a secondary commercial pur-pose, the contract between the electrical cor-poration or gas corporation and the third party shall provide that the third party prominently discloses that secondary commercial purpose to the customer. (4) An electrical corporation or gas corpora-tion shall use reasonable security procedures and practices to protect a customer’s unencrypted electrical or gas consumption data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. (5)(A) Nothing in this section shall preclude an electrical corporation or gas corporation from using customer aggregate electrical or gas con-sumption data for analysis, reporting, or pro-gram management if all information has been removed regarding the individual identity of a customer. (B) Nothing in this section shall preclude an electrical corporation or gas corporation from disclosing a customer’s electrical or gas con-sumption data to a third party for system, grid, or operational needs, or the implementation of demand response, energy management, or en-ergy efficiency programs, provided that, for con-tracts entered into after January 1, 2016, the utility has required by contract that the third party implement and maintain reasonable secu-rity procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the per-sonal information from unauthorized access, de-struction, use, modification, or disclosure, and prohibits the use of the data for a secondary commercial purpose not related to the primary purpose of the contract without the customer’s consent. (C) Nothing in this section shall preclude an electrical corporation or gas corporation from disclosing electrical or gas consumption data as required or permitted under State or Federal law or by an order of a State public utility commis-sion. (6) If a customer chooses to disclose his or her electrical or gas consumption data to a third party that is unaffiliated with, and has no other business relationship with, the electrical or gas corporation, the electrical or gas corpora-tion shall not be responsible for the security of that data, or its use or misuse. (b) LOCAL PUBLICLY OWNED ELECTRIC UTILI-
TIES.— (1) For purposes of this section, ‘‘electrical consumption data’’ means data about a cus-tomer’s electrical usage that is made available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3146 May 25, 2016 
as part of an advanced metering infrastructure, and includes the name, account number, or resi-dence of the customer. (2)(A) A local publicly owned electric utility shall not share, disclose, or otherwise make ac-cessible to any third party a customer’s elec-trical consumption data, except as provided in subsection (b) (5) or upon the consent of the customer. (B) A local publicly owned electric utility shall not sell a customer’s electrical consump-tion data or any other personally identifiable information for any purpose. (C) The local publicly owned electric utility or its contractors shall not provide an incentive or discount to the customer for accessing the cus-tomer’s electrical consumption data without the prior consent of the customer. (D) A local publicly owned electric utility that utilizes an advanced metering infrastructure that allows a customer to access the customer’s electrical consumption data shall ensure that the customer has an option to access that data without being required to agree to the sharing of his or her personally identifiable information, including electrical consumption data, with a third party. (3) If a local publicly owned electric utility contracts with a third party for a service that allows a customer to monitor his or her elec-tricity usage, and that third party uses the data for a secondary commercial purpose, the con-tract between the local publicly owned electric utility and the third party shall provide that the third party prominently discloses that secondary commercial purpose to the customer. (4) A local publicly owned electric utility shall use reasonable security procedures and practices to protect a customer’s unencrypted electrical consumption data from unauthorized access, de-struction, use, modification, or disclosure, and prohibits the use of the data for a secondary commercial purpose not related to the primary purpose of the contract without the customer’s consent. (5)(A) Nothing in this section shall preclude a local publicly owned electric utility from using customer aggregate electrical consumption data for analysis, reporting, or program management if all information has been removed regarding the individual identity of a customer. (B) Nothing in this section shall preclude a local publicly owned electric utility from dis-closing a customer’s electrical consumption data to a third party for system, grid, or operational needs, or the implementation of demand re-sponse, energy management, or energy effi-ciency programs, provided, for contracts entered into after January 1, 2016, that the utility has required by contract that the third party imple-ment and maintain reasonable security proce-dures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal infor-mation from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. (C) Nothing in this section shall preclude a local publicly owned electric utility from dis-closing electrical consumption data as required under State or Federal law. (6) If a customer chooses to disclose his or her electrical consumption data to a third party that is unaffiliated with, and has no other busi-ness relationship with, the local publicly owned electric utility, the utility shall not be respon-sible for the security of that data, or its use or misuse. 
SEC. 5011. YOUTH ENERGY ENTERPRISE COM-PETITION. 
The Secretaries of Energy and Commerce shall jointly establish an energy enterprise competi-tion to encourage youth to propose solutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially as those fields relate to energy. 
SEC. 5012. MODERNIZATION OF TERMS RELATING TO MINORITIES. 
(a) O FFICE OF MINORITY ECONOMIC IMPACT .— Section 211(f)(1) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7141(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘a Negro, Puerto Rican, American Indian, Eskimo, Oriental, or Aleut or is a Spanish speaking individual of Spanish de-scent’’ and inserting ‘‘Asian American, African American, Hispanic, Puerto Rican, Native Amer-ican, or an Alaska Native’’. (b) MINORITY BUSINESS ENTERPRISES .—Section 106(f)(2) of the Local Public Works Capital De-velopment and Investment Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6705(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Negroes, Spanish-speaking, Orientals, Indians, Eskimos, and Aleuts’’ and inserting ‘‘Asian American, Af-rican American, Hispanic, Native American, or Alaska Natives’’. 
SEC. 5013. VOLUNTARY VEGETATION MANAGE-MENT OUTSIDE RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of the In-terior or the Secretary of Agriculture may au-thorize an owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution facility to manage vegetation selectively within 150 feet of the exte-rior boundary of the right-of-way near struc-tures for selective thinning and fuel reduction. (b) S
TATUS OF REMOVED VEGETATION .—Any vegetation removed pursuant to this section shall be the property of the United States and not available for sale by the owner or operator. (c) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—An owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribu-tion facility shall not be held liable for wildlife damage, loss, or injury, including the cost of fire suppression, resulting from activities carried out pursuant to subsection (a) except in the case of harm resulting from the owner or operator’s gross negligence or criminal misconduct. 
SEC. 5014. REPEAL OF RULE FOR NEW RESIDEN-TIAL WOOD HEATERS. 
The final rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Perform-ance for New Residential Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and Forced-Air Furnaces’’ published at 80 Fed. Reg. 13672 (March 16, 2015) shall have no force or effect and shall be treated as if such rule had never been issued. TITLE VI—PROMOTING RENEWABLE ENERGY WITH SHARED SOLAR 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Re-newable Energy with Shared Solar Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 6002. PROVISION OF INTERCONNECTION SERVICE AND NET BILLING SERVICE FOR COMMUNITY SOLAR FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 111(d) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2621(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) C
OMMUNITY SOLAR FACILITIES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) C
OMMUNITY SOLAR FACILITY .—The term ‘community solar facility’ means a solar photo-voltaic system that— ‘‘(I) allocates electricity to multiple individual electric consumers of an electric utility; ‘‘(II) has a nameplate rating of 2 megawatts or less; and ‘‘(III) is— ‘‘(aa) owned by the electric utility, jointly owned, or third-party-owned; ‘‘(bb) connected to a local distribution facility of the electric utility; and ‘‘(cc) located on or off the property of a con-sumer of the electricity. ‘‘(ii) I
NTERCONNECTION SERVICE .—The term ‘interconnection service’ means a service pro-vided by an electric utility to an electric con-sumer, in accordance with the standards de-scribed in paragraph (15), through which a com-munity solar facility is connected to an applica-ble local distribution facility. ‘‘(iii) N
ET BILLING SERVICE .—The term ‘net billing service’ means a service provided by an electric utility to an electric consumer through which electric energy generated for that electric consumer from a community solar facility may be used to offset electric energy provided by the electric utility to the electric consumer during the applicable billing period. ‘‘(B) REQUIREMENT .—On receipt of a request of an electric consumer served by the electric utility, each electric utility shall make available to the electric consumer interconnection service and net billing service for a community solar fa-cility.’’. (b) C
OMPLIANCE .— (1) T
IME LIMITATIONS .—Section 112(b) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7)(A) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, each State regu-latory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which the State has ratemaking au-thority) and each nonregulated utility shall commence consideration under section 111, or set a hearing date for consideration, with respect to the standard established by paragraph (20) of section 111(d). ‘‘(B) Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, each State regu-latory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which the State has ratemaking au-thority), and each nonregulated electric utility shall complete the consideration and make the determination under section 111 with respect to the standard established by paragraph (20) of section 111(d).’’. (2) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 112(c) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(c)) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘such paragraph (14)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘paragraphs (16)’’ and in-serting ‘‘such paragraph (14). In the case of the standard established by paragraph (15) of sec-tion 111(d), the reference contained in this sub-section to the date of enactment of this Act shall be deemed to be a reference to the date of enact-ment of that paragraph (15). In the case of the standards established by paragraphs (16)’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of the standard established by para-graph (20) of section 111(d), the reference con-tained in this subsection to the date of enact-ment of this Act shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the date of enactment of that para-graph (20).’’. (B) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1254(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 119 Stat. 971) is amended by striking paragraph (2). (ii) T
REATMENT .—The amendment made by paragraph (2) of section 1254(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 119 Stat. 971) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) is void, and section 112(d) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(d)) shall be in effect as if those amendments had not been enacted. (3) P
RIOR STATE ACTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 112 of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) P
RIOR STATE ACTIONS .—Subsections (b) and (c) shall not apply to the standard estab-lished by paragraph (20) of section 111(d) in the case of any electric utility in a State if, before the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(1) the State has implemented for the electric utility the standard (or a comparable standard); ‘‘(2) the State regulatory authority for the State or the relevant nonregulated electric util-ity has conducted a proceeding to consider im-plementation of the standard (or a comparable standard) for the electric utility; or ‘‘(3) the State legislature has voted on the im-plementation of the standard (or a comparable standard) for the electric utility.’’. (B) C
ROSS-REFERENCE .—Section 124 of the Public Utility Regulatory Policy Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2634) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of the standard es-tablished by paragraph (20) of section 111(d), the reference contained in this subsection to the date of enactment of this Act shall be deemed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3147 May 25, 2016 
be a reference to the date of enactment of that paragraph (20).’’. TITLE VII—MARINE HYDROKINETIC 
SEC. 7001. DEFINITION OF MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEWABLE EN-ERGY. 
Section 632 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17211) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by strik-ing ‘‘electrical’’. 
SEC. 7002. MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEW-ABLE ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
Section 633 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17212) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 633. MARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEW-ABLE ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
‘‘The Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Interior, the Secretary of Com-merce, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, shall carry out a program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application to accelerate the introduction of ma-rine and hydrokinetic renewable energy produc-tion into the United States energy supply, giv-ing priority to fostering accelerated research, development, and commercialization of tech-nology, including— ‘‘(1) to assist technology development to im-prove the components, processes, and systems used for power generation from marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy resources; ‘‘(2) to establish critical testing infrastructure necessary— ‘‘(A) to cost effectively and efficiently test and prove the efficacy of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy devices; and ‘‘(B) to accelerate the technological readiness and commercialization of those devices; ‘‘(3) to support efforts to increase the effi-ciency of energy conversion, lower the cost, in-crease the use, improve the reliability, and dem-onstrate the applicability of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies by participating in demonstration projects; ‘‘(4) to investigate variability issues and the efficient and reliable integration of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy with the utility grid; ‘‘(5) to identify and study critical short- and long-term needs to create a sustainable marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy supply chain based in the United States; ‘‘(6) to increase the reliability and surviv-ability of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies; ‘‘(7) to verify the performance, reliability, maintainability, and cost of new marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy device designs and system components in an operating environ-ment; ‘‘(8) to coordinate and avoid duplication of activities across programs of the Department and other applicable Federal agencies, includ-ing National Laboratories, and to coordinate public-private collaboration in all programs under this section; ‘‘(9) to identify opportunities for joint re-search and development programs and develop-ment of economies of scale between— ‘‘(A) marine and hydrokinetic renewable en-ergy technologies; and ‘‘(B) other renewable energy and fossil energy programs, offshore oil and gas production ac-tivities, and activities of the Department of De-fense; and ‘‘(10) to support in-water technology develop-ment with international partners using existing cooperative procedures (including memoranda of understanding)— ‘‘(A) to allow cooperative funding and other support of value to be exchanged and leveraged; and ‘‘(B) to encourage international research cen-ters and international companies to participate in the development of water technology in the United States and to encourage United States research centers and United States companies to participate in water technology projects abroad.’’. SEC. 7003. NATIONAL MARINE RENEWABLE EN-ERGY RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND DEMONSTRATION CENTERS. 
Section 634(b) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17213(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—A Center (in coordination with the Department and National Labora-tories) shall— ‘‘(1) advance research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application of ma-rine and hydrokinetic renewable energy tech-nologies; ‘‘(2) support in-water testing and demonstra-tion of marine and hydrokinetic renewable en-ergy technologies, including facilities capable of testing— ‘‘(A) marine and hydrokinetic renewable en-ergy systems of various technology readiness levels and scales; ‘‘(B) a variety of technologies in multiple test berths at a single location; and ‘‘(C) arrays of technology devices; and ‘‘(3) serve as information clearinghouses for the marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy industry by collecting and disseminating infor-mation on best practices in all areas relating to developing and managing marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy resources and energy systems.’’. 
SEC. 7004. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 636 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17215) is amended by striking ‘‘2008 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. TITLE VIII—EXTENSIONS OF TIME FOR VARIOUS FEDERAL ENERGY REGU-LATORY COMMISSION PROJECTS 
SEC. 8001. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FEDERAL EN-ERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING CLARK CAN-YON DAM. 
Notwithstanding the time period described in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project num-bered 12429, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) shall, at the request of the li-censee for the project, and after reasonable no-tice and in accordance with the procedures of the Commission under that section, reinstate the license and extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construc-tion of project works for the 3-year period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 8002. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FEDERAL EN-ERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING GIBSON DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the re-quirements of section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12478–003, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Commission’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reason-able notice and in accordance with the proce-dures of the Commission under that section, ex-tend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of the project for a 6-year period that begins on the date de-scribed in subsection (b). (b) D
ATEDESCRIBED .—The date described in this subsection is the date of the expiration of the extension of the period required for com-mencement of construction for the project de-scribed in subsection (a) that was issued by the Commission prior to the date of enactment of this Act under section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806). SEC. 8003. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FEDERAL EN-ERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING JENNINGS RANDOLPH DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission project numbered 12715, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accord-ance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the Commission’s procedures under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to three consecutive 2-year peri-ods from the date of the expiration of the exten-sion originally issued by the Commission. Any obligation of the licensee for the payment of an-nual charges under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)) shall commence upon conclusion of the time period to commence construction of the project, as extended by the Commission under this subsection. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .—If the period required for commencement of con-struction of the project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commission shall reinstate the license effective as of the date of its expira-tion and the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of such expiration. 
SEC. 8004. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FEDERAL EN-ERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING CANNONSVILLE DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission project numbered 13287, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accord-ance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the Commission’s procedures under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to four consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the time pe-riod required for commencement of construction prescribed in the license. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .—If the period required for commencement of con-struction of the project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license effective as of the date of its expira-tion and the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of such expiration. 
SEC. 8005. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FEDERAL EN-ERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING GATHRIGHT DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission project numbered 12737, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accord-ance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the Commission’s procedures under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to three consecutive 2-year peri-ods from the date of the expiration of the exten-sion originally issued by the Commission. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .—If the period required for commencement of con-struction of the project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license for the project effective as of the date 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3148 May 25, 2016 
of its expiration and the first extension author-ized under subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of such expiration. 
SEC. 8006. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FEDERAL EN-ERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING FLANNAGAN DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission project numbered 12740, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accord-ance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the Commission’s procedures under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to three consecutive 2-year peri-ods from the date of the expiration of the exten-sion originally issued by the Commission. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .—If the period required for commencement of con-struction of the project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license for the project effective as of the date of its expiration and the first extension author-ized under subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of such expiration. TITLE IX—ENERGY AND MANUFACTURING WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 
SEC. 9001. ENERGY AND MANUFACTURING WORK-FORCE DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy (in this title referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall prioritize education and training for energy and manufacturing-related jobs in order to increase the number of skilled workers trained to work in energy and manufacturing-related fields when considering awards for existing grant programs, including by— (1) encouraging State education agencies and local educational agencies to equip students with the skills, mentorships, training, and tech-nical expertise necessary to fill the employment opportunities vital to managing and operating the Nation’s energy and manufacturing indus-tries, in collaboration with representatives from the energy and manufacturing industries (in-cluding the oil, gas, coal, nuclear, utility, pipe-line, renewable, petrochemical, manufacturing, and electrical construction sectors) to identify the areas of highest need in each sector and the skills necessary for a high quality workforce in the following sectors of energy and manufac-turing: (A) Energy efficiency industry, including work in energy efficiency, conservation, weath-erization, or retrofitting, or as inspectors or auditors. (B) Pipeline industry, including work in pipe-line construction and maintenance or work as engineers or technical advisors. (C) Utility industry, including work in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity and natural gas, such as utility tech-nicians, operators, lineworkers, engineers, sci-entists, and information technology specialists. (D) Nuclear industry, including work as sci-entists, engineers, technicians, mathematicians, or security personnel. (E) Oil and gas industry, including work as scientists, engineers, technicians, mathemati-cians, petrochemical engineers, or geologists. (F) Renewable industry, including work in the development, manufacturing, and production of renewable energy sources (such as solar, hydro-power, wind, or geothermal energy). (G) Coal industry, including work as coal miners, engineers, developers and manufactur-ers of state-of-the-art coal facilities, technology vendors, coal transportation workers and opera-tors, or mining equipment vendors. (H) Manufacturing industry, including work as operations technicians, operations and design in additive manufacturing, 3–D printing, ad-vanced composites, and advanced aluminum and other metal alloys, industrial energy effi-ciency management systems, including power electronics, and other innovative technologies. (I) Chemical manufacturing industry, includ-ing work in construction (such as welders, pipe-fitters, and tool and die makers) or as instru-ment and electrical technicians, machinists, chemical process operators, chemical engineers, quality and safety professionals, and reliability engineers; and (2) strengthening and more fully engaging De-partment of Energy programs and labs in car-rying out the Department’s workforce develop-ment initiatives including the Minorities in En-ergy Initiative. (b) PROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to incentivize, require, or coerce a State, school district, or school to adopt cur-ricula aligned to the skills described in sub-section (a). (c) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall prioritize the education and training of underrepresented groups in energy and manufacturing-related jobs. (d) C
LEARINGHOUSE .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary shall establish a clearing-house to— (1) maintain and update information and re-sources on training and workforce development programs for energy and manufacturing-related jobs, including job training and workforce de-velopment programs available to assist displaced and unemployed energy and manufacturing workers transitioning to new employment; and (2) provide technical assistance for States, local educational agencies, schools, community colleges, universities (including minority serving institutions), workforce development programs, labor-management organizations, and industry organizations that would like to develop and im-plement energy and manufacturing-related training programs. (e) C
OLLABORATION .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary— (1) shall collaborate with States, local edu-cational agencies, schools, community colleges, universities (including minority serving institu-tions), workforce-training organizations, na-tional laboratories, State energy offices, work-force investment boards, and the energy and manufacturing industries; (2) shall encourage and foster collaboration, mentorships, and partnerships among organiza-tions (including industry, States, local edu-cational agencies, schools, community colleges, workforce-development organizations, and col-leges and universities) that currently provide ef-fective job training programs in the energy and manufacturing fields and entities (including States, local educational agencies, schools, com-munity colleges, workforce development pro-grams, and colleges and universities) that seek to establish these types of programs in order to share best practices; and (3) shall collaborate with the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Department of Commerce, the Bu-reau of the Census, States, and the energy and manufacturing industries to develop a com-prehensive and detailed understanding of the energy and manufacturing workforce needs and opportunities by State and by region. (f) O
UTREACH TO MINORITY SERVING INSTITU -
TIONS .—In carrying out this section, the Sec-retary shall— (1) give special consideration to increasing outreach to minority serving institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities; (2) make existing resources available through program cross-cutting to minority serving insti-tutions with the objective of increasing the num-ber of skilled minorities and women trained to go into the energy and manufacturing sectors; (3) encourage industry to improve the oppor-tunities for students of minority serving institu-tions to participate in industry internships and cooperative work/study programs; and (4) partner with the Department of Energy laboratories to increase underrepresented groups’ participation in internships, fellow-ships, traineeships, and employment at all De-partment of Energy laboratories. (g) OUTREACH TO DISLOCATED ENERGY AND  M
ANUFACTURING WORKERS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall— (1) give special consideration to increasing outreach to employers and job trainers pre-paring dislocated energy and manufacturing workers for in-demand sectors or occupations; (2) make existing resources available through program cross-cutting to institutions serving dis-located energy and manufacturing workers with the objective of training individuals to re-enter in-demand sectors or occupations; (3) encourage the energy and manufacturing industries to improve opportunities for dis-located energy and manufacturing workers to participate in career pathways; and (4) work closely with the energy and manu-facturing industries to identify energy and man-ufacturing operations, such as coal-fired power plants and coal mines, scheduled for closure and to provide early intervention assistance to work-ers employed at such energy and manufacturing operations by— (A) partnering with State and local workforce development boards; (B) giving special consideration to employers and job trainers preparing such workers for in- demand sectors or occupations; (C) making existing resources available through program cross-cutting to institutions serving such workers with the objective of train-ing them to re-enter in-demand sectors or occu-pations; and (D) encouraging the energy and manufac-turing industries to improve opportunities for such workers to participate in career pathways. (h) E
NROLLMENT IN WORKFORCE DEVELOP -
MENT PROGRAMS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall work with industry and com-munity-based workforce organizations to help identify candidates, including from underrep-resented communities such as minorities, women, and veterans, to enroll in workforce de-velopment programs for energy and manufac-turing-related jobs. (i) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing the creation of a new workforce development program. (j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
AREER PATHWAYS ; DISLOCATED WORKER ; 
IN-DEMAND SECTORS OR OCCUPATIONS ; LOCAL  
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT BOARD ; STATE WORK -
FORCE DEVELOPMENT BOARD .—The terms ‘‘career pathways’’, ‘‘dislocated worker’’, ‘‘in-demand sectors or occupations’’, ‘‘local workforce devel-opment board’’, and ‘‘State workforce develop-ment board’’ have the meanings given the terms ‘‘career pathways’’, ‘‘dislocated worker’’, ‘‘in- demand sectors or occupations’’, ‘‘local board’’, and ‘‘State board’’, respectively, in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). (2) M
INORITY -SERVING INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘minority-serving institution’’ means an institu-tion of higher education with a designation of one of the following: (A) Hispanic-serving institution (as defined in 20 U.S.C.1101a(a)(5)). (B) Tribal College or University (as defined in 20 U.S.C.1059c(b)). (C) Alaska Native-serving institution or a Na-tive Hawaiian-serving institution (as defined in 20 U.S.C.1059d(b)). (D) Predominantly Black Institution (as de-fined in 20 U.S.C.1059e(b)). (E) Native American-serving nontribal institu-tion (as defined in 20 U.S.C.1059f(b)). (F) Asian American and Native American Pa-cific Islander-serving institution (as defined in 20 U.S.C.1059g(b)). 
SEC. 9002. REPORT. 
Five years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a comprehensive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3149 May 25, 2016 
report to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee on the outlook for energy and manufac-turing sectors nationally. The report shall also include a comprehensive summary of energy and manufacturing job creation as a result of the enactment of this title. The report shall include performance data regarding the number of pro-gram participants served, the percentage of par-ticipants in competitive integrated employment two quarters and four quarters after program completion, the median income of program par-ticipants two quarters and four quarters after program completion, and the percentage of pro-gram participants receiving industry-recognized credentials. 
SEC. 9003. USE OF EXISTING FUNDS. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this title. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts other-wise authorized. DIVISION B—RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In titles I through VIII of this division: (1) C
ATASTROPHIC EVENT .—The term ‘‘cata-strophic event’’ means any natural disaster (such as hurricane, tornado, windstorm, snow or ice storm, rain storm, high water, wind-driv-en water, tidal wave, earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide, mudslide, drought, or insect or disease outbreak) or any fire, flood, or explo-sion, regardless of cause. (2) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The term ‘‘cat-egorical exclusion’’ refers to an exception to the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4331 et seq.) for a project or activity relating to the management of National Forest System lands or public lands. (3) C
OLLABORATIVE PROCESS .—The term ‘‘col-laborative process’’ refers to a process relating to the management of National Forest System lands or public lands by which a project or ac-tivity is developed and implemented by the Sec-retary concerned through collaboration with in-terested persons, as described in section 603(b)(1)(C) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(b)(1)(C)). (4) C
OMMUNITY WILDFIRE PROTECTION PLAN .— The term ‘‘community wildfire protection plan’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(3) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511(3)). (5) C
OOS BAY WAGON ROAD GRANT LANDS .—The term ‘‘Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands’’ means the lands reconveyed to the United States pursuant to the first section of the Act of Feb-ruary 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179). (6) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term ‘‘forest management activity’’ means a project or activity carried out by the Secretary con-cerned on National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands in concert with the forest plan covering the lands. (7) F
OREST PLAN .—The term ‘‘forest plan’’ means— (A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of Land Management for public lands pursuant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or (B) a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (8) L
ARGE-SCALE CATASTROPHIC EVENT .—The term ‘‘large-scale catastrophic event’’ means a catastrophic event that adversely impacts at least 5,000 acres of reasonably contiguous Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands. (9) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Forest System’’ has the meaning given that term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). (10) OREGON AND CALIFORNIA RAILROAD GRANT  
LANDS .—The term ‘‘Oregon and California Rail-road Grant lands’’ means the following lands: (A) All lands in the State of Oregon revested in the United States under the Act of June 9, 1916 (39 Stat. 218), that are administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management, pursuant to the first section of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a). (B) All lands in that State obtained by the Secretary of the Interior pursuant to the land exchanges authorized and directed by section 2 of the Act of June 24, 1954 (43 U.S.C. 1181h). (C) All lands in that State acquired by the United States at any time and made subject to the provisions of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). (11) P
UBLIC LANDS .—The term ‘‘public lands’’ has the meaning given that term in section 103(e) of the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702(e)), except that the term includes Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands and Oregon and California Railroad Grant lands. (12) R
EFORESTATION ACTIVITY .—The term ‘‘re-forestation activity’’ means a project or activity carried out by the Secretary concerned whose primary purpose is the reforestation of impacted lands following a large-scale catastrophic event. The term includes planting, evaluating and en-hancing natural regeneration, clearing com-peting vegetation, and other activities related to reestablishment of forest species on the fire-im-pacted lands. (13) R
ESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘resource advisory committee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 201(3) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121(3)). (14) S
ALVAGE OPERATION .—The term ‘‘salvage operation’’ means a forest management activity undertaken in response to a catastrophic event whose primary purpose— (A) is to prevent wildfire as a result of the cat-astrophic event, or, if the catastrophic event was wildfire, to prevent a re-burn of the fire-im-pacted area; (B) is to provide an opportunity for utilization of forest materials damaged as a result of the catastrophic event; or (C) is to provide a funding source for reforest-ation and other restoration activities for the Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands im-pacted by the catastrophic event. (15) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to National Forest System lands; and (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to public lands. TITLE I—EXPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. ANALYSIS OF ONLY TWO ALTERNATIVES (ACTION VERSUS NO ACTION) IN PROPOSED COLLABORATIVE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) A PPLICATION TO CERTAIN ENVIRONMENTAL  A
SSESSMENTS AND ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT  S
TATEMENTS .—This section shall apply when-ever the Secretary concerned prepares an envi-ronmental assessment or an environmental im-pact statement pursuant to section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)) for a forest management activity that— (1) is developed through a collaborative proc-ess; (2) is proposed by a resource advisory com-mittee; or (3) is covered by a community wildfire protec-tion plan. (b) CONSIDERATION OF ALTERNATIVES .—In an environmental assessment or environmental im-pact statement described in subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall study, develop, and describe only the following two alternatives: (1) The forest management activity, as pro-posed pursuant to paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a). (2) The alternative of no action. (c) E
LEMENTS OF NON-ACTION ALTERNATIVE .— In the case of the alternative of no action, the Secretary concerned shall evaluate— (1) the effect of no action on— (A) forest health; (B) habitat diversity; (C) wildfire potential; and (D) insect and disease potential; and (2) the implications of a resulting decline in forest health, loss of habitat diversity, wildfire, or insect or disease infestation, given fire and insect and disease historic cycles, on— (A) domestic water costs; (B) wildlife habitat loss; and (C) other economic and social factors. 
SEC. 102. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO EXPE-DITE CERTAIN CRITICAL RESPONSE ACTIONS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—A categorical exclusion is available to the Secretary concerned to develop and carry out a forest management activity on National Forest System lands or public lands when the primary purpose of the forest management activity is— (1) to address an insect or disease infestation; (2) to reduce hazardous fuel loads; (3) to protect a municipal water source; (4) to maintain, enhance, or modify critical habitat to protect it from catastrophic disturb-ances; (5) to increase water yield; or (6) any combination of the purposes specified in paragraphs (1) through (5). (b) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except in the case of a forest management activity described in paragraph (2), a forest management activity covered by the cat-egorical exclusion granted by subsection (a) may not contain harvest units exceeding a total of 5,000 acres. (2) L
ARGER AREAS AUTHORIZED .—A forest management activity covered by the categorical exclusion granted by subsection (a) may not contain harvest units exceeding a total of 15,000 acres if the forest management activity— (A) is developed through a collaborative proc-ess; (B) is proposed by a resource advisory com-mittee; or (C) is covered by a community wildfire protec-tion plan. 
SEC. 103. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO EXPE-DITE SALVAGE OPERATIONS IN RE-SPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—A categorical exclusion is available to the Secretary concerned to develop and carry out a salvage operation as part of the restoration of National Forest System lands or public lands following a catastrophic event. (b) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A salvage operation covered by the categorical exclusion granted by sub-section (a) may not contain harvest units ex-ceeding a total of 5,000 acres. (2) H
ARVEST AREA .—In addition to the limita-tion imposed by paragraph (1), the harvest units covered by the categorical exclusion granted by subsection (a) may not exceed one-third of the area impacted by the catastrophic event. (c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— (1) R
OAD BUILDING .—A salvage operation cov-ered by the categorical exclusion granted by subsection (a) may not include any new perma-nent roads. Temporary roads constructed as part of the salvage operation shall be retired be-fore the end of the fifth fiscal year beginning after the completion of the salvage operation. (2) S
TREAM BUFFERS .—A salvage operation covered by the categorical exclusion granted by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3150 May 25, 2016 
subsection (a) shall comply with the standards and guidelines for stream buffers contained in the applicable forest plan unless waived by the Regional Forester, in the case of National Forest System lands, or the State Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management, in the case of public lands. (3) R
EFORESTATION PLAN .—A reforestation plan shall be developed under section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b), as part of a salvage operation covered by the cat-egorical exclusion granted by subsection (a). 
SEC. 104. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO MEET FOREST PLAN GOALS FOR EARLY SUCCESSIONAL FORESTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—A categorical exclusion is available to the Secretary concerned to develop and carry out a forest management activity on National Forest System lands or public lands when the primary purpose of the forest management activity is to modify, improve, enhance, or create early suc-cessional forests for wildlife habitat improve-ment and other purposes, consistent with the applicable forest plan. (b) P
ROJECT GOALS.—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary concerned shall de-sign a forest management activity under this section to meet early successional forest goals in such a manner so as to maximize production and regeneration of priority species, as identi-fied in the forest plan and consistent with the capability of the activity site. (c) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion granted by subsection (a) may not contain harvest units exceeding a total of 5,000 acres. 
SEC. 105. CLARIFICATION OF EXISTING CATEGOR-ICAL EXCLUSION AUTHORITY RE-LATED TO INSECT AND DISEASE IN-FESTATION. 
Section 603(c)(2)(B) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(c)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Fire Regime Groups I, II, or III’’ and inserting ‘‘Fire Regime I, Fire Regime II, Fire Regime III, or Fire Regime IV’’. 
SEC. 106. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO IMPROVE, RESTORE, AND REDUCE THE RISK OF WILDFIRE. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—A categorical exclusion is available to the Secretary concerned to carry out a forest man-agement activity described in subsection (c) on National Forest System Lands or public lands when the primary purpose of the activity is to improve, restore, or reduce the risk of wildfire on those lands. (b) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion granted by subsection (a) may not exceed 5,000 acres. (c) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—The following activities may be carried out using a categorical exclusion granted by subsection (a): (1) Removal of juniper trees, medusahead rye, conifer trees, pin˜on pine trees, cheatgrass, and other noxious or invasive weeds specified on Federal or State noxious weeds lists through late-season livestock grazing, targeted livestock grazing, prescribed burns, and mechanical treat-ments. (2) Performance of hazardous fuels manage-ment. (3) Creation of fuel and fire breaks. (4) Modification of existing fences in order to distribute livestock and help improve wildlife habitat. (5) Installation of erosion control devices. (6) Construction of new and maintenance of permanent infrastructure, including stock ponds, water catchments, and water spring boxes used to benefit livestock and improve wild-life habitat. (7) Performance of soil treatments, native and non-native seeding, and planting of and trans-planting sagebrush, grass, forb, shrub, and other species. (8) Use of herbicides, so long as the Secretary concerned determines that the activity is other-wise conducted consistently with agency proce-dures, including any forest plan applicable to the area covered by the activity. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
AZARDOUS FUELS MANAGEMENT .—The term ‘‘hazardous fuels management’’ means any vegetation management activities that reduce the risk of wildfire. (2) L
ATE-SEASON GRAZING .—The term ‘‘late- season grazing’’ means grazing activities that occur after both the invasive species and native perennial species have completed their current- year annual growth cycle until new plant growth begins to appear in the following year. (3) T
ARGETED LIVESTOCK GRAZING .—The term ‘‘targeted livestock grazing’’ means grazing used for purposes of hazardous fuel reduction. 
SEC. 107. COMPLIANCE WITH FOREST PLAN. 
A forest management activity covered by a categorical exclusion granted by this title shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applicable to the National Forest System land or public lands covered by the for-est management activity. TITLE II—SALVAGE AND REFORESTATION IN RESPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS 
SEC. 201. EXPEDITED SALVAGE OPERATIONS AND REFORESTATION ACTIVITIES FOL-LOWING LARGE-SCALE CATA-STROPHIC EVENTS. 
(a) E XPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESS -
MENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any environmental assessment prepared by the Secretary concerned pursuant to section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)) for a salvage oper-ation or reforestation activity proposed to be conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a large-scale catastrophic event shall be completed within 3 months after the conclusion of the catastrophic event. (b) E
XPEDITED IMPLEMENTATION AND COMPLE -
TION.—In the case of reforestation activities conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a large-scale catastrophic event, the Secretary concerned shall achieve reforestation of at least 75 percent of the impacted lands during the 5-year period following the conclusion of the catastrophic event. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF KNUTSON -VANDENBERG  F
UNDS.—Amounts in the special fund estab-lished pursuant to section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Van-denberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b) shall be available to the Secretary of Agriculture for reforestation activities authorized by this title. (d) T
IMELINE FOR PUBLIC INPUT PROCESS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of a salvage operation or reforestation activity proposed to be conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a large-scale catastrophic event, the Secretary concerned shall allow 30 days for public scoping and comment, 15 days for filing an objection, and 15 days for the agency re-sponse to the filing of an objection. Upon com-pletion of this process and expiration of the pe-riod specified in subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall implement the project imme-diately. 
SEC. 202. COMPLIANCE WITH FOREST PLAN. 
A salvage operation or reforestation activity authorized by this title shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applica-ble to the National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands covered by the salvage operation or re-forestation activity. 
SEC. 203. PROHIBITION ON RESTRAINING OR-DERS, PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIONS, AND INJUNCTIONS PENDING AP-PEAL. 
No restraining order, preliminary injunction, or injunction pending appeal shall be issued by any court of the United States with respect to any decision to prepare or conduct a salvage op-eration or reforestation activity in response to a large-scale catastrophic event. Section 705 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any challenge to the salvage operation or refor-estation activity. SEC. 204. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN LANDS. 
In applying this title, the Secretary concerned may not carry out salvage operations or refor-estation activities on National Forest System lands or public lands— (1) that are included in the National Wilder-ness Preservation System; (2) that are located within an inventoried roadless area unless the reforestation activity is consistent with the forest plan; or (3) on which timber harvesting for any pur-pose is prohibited by statute. TITLE III—COLLABORATIVE PROJECT LITIGATION REQUIREMENT 
SEC. 301. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
OSTS.—The term ‘‘costs’’ refers to the fees and costs described in section 1920 of title 28, United States Code. (2) E
XPENSES .—The term ‘‘expenses’’ includes the expenditures incurred by the staff of the Secretary concerned in preparing for and re-sponding to a legal challenge to a collaborative forest management activity and in participating in litigation that challenges the forest manage-ment activity, including such staff time as may be used to prepare the administrative record, ex-hibits, declarations, and affidavits in connec-tion with the litigation. 
SEC. 302. BOND REQUIREMENT AS PART OF LEGAL CHALLENGE OF CERTAIN FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) B ONDREQUIRED .—In the case of a forest management activity developed through a col-laborative process or proposed by a resource ad-visory committee, any plaintiff or plaintiffs challenging the forest management activity shall be required to post a bond or other security equal to the anticipated costs, expenses, and at-torneys fees of the Secretary concerned as de-fendant, as reasonably estimated by the Sec-retary concerned. All proceedings in the action shall be stayed until the required bond or secu-rity is provided. (b) R
ECOVERY OF LITIGATION COSTS, EX-
PENSES , ANDATTORNEYS FEES.— (1) M
OTION FOR PAYMENT .—If the Secretary concerned prevails in an action challenging a forest management activity described in sub-section (a), the Secretary concerned shall submit to the court a motion for payment, from the bond or other security posted under subsection (a) in such action, of the reasonable costs, ex-penses, and attorneys fees incurred by the Sec-retary concerned. (2) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT RECOVERED .—The amount of costs, expenses, and attorneys fees re-covered by the Secretary concerned under para-graph (1) as a result of prevailing in an action challenging the forest management activity may not exceed the amount of the bond or other se-curity posted under subsection (a) in such ac-tion. (3) R
ETURN OF REMAINDER .—Any funds re-maining from the bond or other security posted under subsection (a) after the payment of costs, expenses, and attorneys fees under paragraph (1) shall be returned to the plaintiff or plaintiffs that posted the bond or security in the action. (c) R
ETURN OF BOND TO PREVAILING PLAIN-
TIFF.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the plaintiff ultimately prevails on the merits in every action brought by the plaintiff challenging a forest management activity described in subsection (a), the court shall return to the plaintiff any bond or security provided by the plaintiff under subsection (a), plus interest from the date the bond or security was provided. (2) U
LTIMATELY PREVAILS ON THE MERITS .—In this subsection, the phrase ‘‘ultimately prevails 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3151 May 25, 2016 
on the merits’’ means, in a final enforceable judgment on the merits, a court rules in favor of the plaintiff on every cause of action in every action brought by the plaintiff challenging the forest management activity. (d) E
FFECT OF SETTLEMENT .—If a challenge to a forest management activity described in sub-section (a) for which a bond or other security was provided by the plaintiff under such sub-section is resolved by settlement between the Secretary concerned and the plaintiff, the settle-ment agreement shall provide for sharing the costs, expenses, and attorneys fees incurred by the parties. (e) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN PAYMENTS .—Not- withstanding section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, no award may be made under sec-tion 2412 of title 28, United States Code, and no amounts may be obligated or expended from the Claims and Judgment Fund of the United States Treasury to pay any fees or other expenses under such sections to any plaintiff related to an action challenging a forest management ac-tivity described in subsection (a). TITLE IV—SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF-DETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 401. USE OF RESERVED FUNDS FOR TITLE II PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND AND CERTAIN NON-FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) R EPEAL OF MERCHANTABLE TIMBER CON-
TRACTING PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 204(e) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT FUNDS.—Sec- tion 204 of the Secure Rural Schools and Com-munity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124) is amended by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT FUNDS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary concerned shall ensure that at least 50 percent of the project funds reserved by a participating county under section 102(d) shall be available only for projects that— ‘‘(A) include the sale of timber or other forest products, reduce fire risks, or improve water supplies; and ‘‘(B) implement stewardship objectives that enhance forest ecosystems or restore and im-prove land health and water quality. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement in paragraph (1) shall apply only to project funds reserved by a participating county whose boundaries include Federal land that the Sec-retary concerned determines has been subject to a timber or other forest products program within 5 fiscal years before the fiscal year in which the funds are reserved.’’. 
SEC. 402. RESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) R ECOGNITION OF RESOURCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .—Section 205(a)(4) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(a)(4)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2012’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2020’’. (b) T
EMPORARY REDUCTION IN COMPOSITION  
OFCOMMITTEES .—Section 205(d) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Each’’ and inserting ‘‘Except during the period specified in paragraph (6), each’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) T
EMPORARY REDUCTION IN MINIMUM NUM -
BER OF MEMBERS .— ‘‘(A) T
EMPORARY REDUCTION .—During the pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this paragraph and ending on September 30, 2020, a resource advisory committee established under this section may be comprised of nine or more members, of which— ‘‘(i) at least three shall be representative of in-terests described in subparagraph (A) of para-graph (2); ‘‘(ii) at least three shall be representative of interests described in subparagraph (B) of para-graph (2); and ‘‘(iii) at least three shall be representative of interests described in subparagraph (C) of para-graph (2). ‘‘(B) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In appoint-ing members of a resource advisory committee from the three categories described in paragraph (2), as provided in subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary concerned shall ensure balanced and broad representation in each category. In the case of a vacancy on a resource advisory com-mittee, the vacancy shall be filled within 90 days after the date on which the vacancy oc-curred. Appointments to a new resource advi-sory committee shall be made within 90 days after the date on which the decision to form the new resource advisory committee was made. ‘‘(C) C
HARTER .—A charter for a resource advi-sory committee with 15 members that was filed on or before the date of the enactment of this paragraph shall be considered to be filed for a resource advisory committee described in this paragraph. The charter of a resource advisory committee shall be reapproved before the expira-tion of the existing charter of the resource advi-sory committee. In the case of a new resource advisory committee, the charter of the resource advisory committee shall be approved within 90 days after the date on which the decision to form the new resource advisory committee was made.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING CHANGE TO PROJECT AP-
PROVAL REQUIREMENTS .—Section 205(e)(3) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(e)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘In the case of a resource advi-sory committee consisting of fewer than 15 mem-bers, as authorized by subsection (d)(6), a project may be proposed to the Secretary con-cerned upon approval by a majority of the mem-bers of the committee, including at least one member from each of the three categories de-scribed in subsection (d)(2).’’. (d) E
XPANDING LOCAL PARTICIPATION ON COM-
MITTEES .—Section 205(d) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, consistent with the requirements of paragraph (4)’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—The members of a resource advisory committee shall reside within the county or counties in which the com-mittee has jurisdiction or an adjacent county.’’. 
SEC. 403. PROGRAM FOR TITLE II SELF-SUS-TAINING RESOURCE ADVISORY COM-MITTEE PROJECTS. 
(a) S ELF-SUSTAINING RESOURCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE PROJECTS .—Title II of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 209. PROGRAM FOR SELF-SUSTAINING RE-SOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) RAC P ROGRAM .—The Chief of the Forest Service shall conduct a program (to be known as the ‘self-sustaining resource advisory committee program’ or ‘RAC program’) under which 10 re-source advisory committees will propose projects authorized by subsection (c) to be carried out using project funds reserved by a participating county under section 102(d). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPATING RESOURCE  A
DVISORY COMMITTEES .—The selection of re-source advisory committees to participate in the RAC program is in the sole discretion of the Chief of the Forest Service, except that, con-sistent with section 205(d)(6), a selected resource advisory committee must have a minimum of six members. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED PROJECTS .—Notwith- standing the project purposes specified in sec-tions 202(b), 203(c), and 204(a)(5), projects under the RAC program are intended to— ‘‘(1) accomplish forest management objectives or support community development; and ‘‘(2) generate receipts. ‘‘(d) DEPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF REVE-
NUES.—Any revenue generated by a project con-ducted under the RAC program, including any interest accrued from the revenues, shall be— ‘‘(1) deposited in the special account in the Treasury established under section 102(d)(2)(A); and ‘‘(2) available, in such amounts as may be provided in advance in appropriation Acts, for additional projects under the RAC program. ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to initiate a project under the RAC program shall terminate on September 30, 2020. ‘‘(2) D
EPOSITS IN TREASURY .—Any funds available for projects under the RAC program and not obligated by September 30, 2021, shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States.’’. (b) E
XCEPTION TO GENERAL RULEREGARDING  T
REATMENT OF RECEIPTS .—Section 403(b) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7153(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘All revenues’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Except as provided in section 209, all reve-nues’’. 
SEC. 404. ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZED USE OF RE-SERVED FUNDS FOR TITLE III COUN-TY PROJECTS. 
Section 302(a) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7142(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and law enforcement pa-trols’’ after ‘‘including firefighting’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) to cover training costs and equipment purchases directly related to the emergency services described in paragraph (2); and’’. 
SEC. 405. TREATMENT AS SUPPLEMENTAL FUND-ING. 
Section 102 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT AS SUPPLEMENTAL FUND-
ING.—None of the funds made available to a beneficiary county or other political subdivision of a State under this Act shall be used in lieu of or to otherwise offset State funding sources for local schools, facilities, or educational pur-poses.’’. TITLE V—STEWARDSHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING 
SEC. 501. CANCELLATION CEILINGS FOR STEW-ARDSHIP END RESULT CON-TRACTING PROJECTS. 
(a) C ANCELLATION CEILINGS .—Section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing new subsection (h): ‘‘(h) C
ANCELLATION CEILINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief and the Director may obligate funds to cover any potential can-cellation or termination costs for an agreement or contract under subsection (b) in stages that are economically or programmatically viable. ‘‘(2) A
DVANCE NOTICE TO CONGRESS OF CAN -
CELLATION CEILING IN EXCESS OF $25 MILLION .— Not later than 30 days before entering into a multiyear agreement or contract under sub-section (b) that includes a cancellation ceiling in excess of $25 million, but does not include proposed funding for the costs of cancelling the agreement or contract up to such cancellation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3152 May 25, 2016 
ceiling, the Chief or the Director, as the case may be, shall submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives a written notice that in-cludes— ‘‘(A) the cancellation ceiling amounts pro-posed for each program year in the agreement or contract; ‘‘(B) the reasons why such cancellation ceil-ing amounts were selected; ‘‘(C) the extent to which the costs of contract cancellation are not included in the budget for the agreement or contract; and ‘‘(D) an assessment of the financial risk of not including budgeting for the costs of agreement or contract cancellation. ‘‘(3) T
RANSMITTAL OF NOTICE TO OMB .—Not later than 14 days after the date on which writ-ten notice is provided under paragraph (2) with respect to an agreement or contract under sub-section (b), the Chief or the Director, as the case may be, shall transmit a copy of the notice to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.’’. (b) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Section 604(d)(5) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘, the Chief may’’ and inserting ‘‘and section 2(a)(1) of the Act of July 31, 1947 (com-monly known as the Materials Act of 1947; 30 U.S.C. 602(a)(1)), the Chief and the Director may’’. 
SEC. 502. EXCESS OFFSET VALUE. 
Section 604(g)(2) of the Healthy Forests Res-toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(g)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) use the excess to satisfy any outstanding liabilities for cancelled agreements or contracts; or ‘‘(B) if there are no outstanding liabilities under subparagraph (A), apply the excess to other authorized stewardship projects.’’. 
SEC. 503. PAYMENT OF PORTION OF STEWARD-SHIP PROJECT REVENUES TO COUN-TY IN WHICH STEWARDSHIP PROJECT OCCURS. 
Section 604(e) of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(e)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘subject to paragraph (3)(A),’’ before ‘‘shall’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘services received by the Chief or the Director’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘services and in-kind resources received by the Chief or the Director under a stewardship contract project conducted under this section shall not be considered mon-ies received from the National Forest System or the public lands, but any payments made by the contractor to the Chief or Director under the project shall be considered monies received from the National Forest System or the public lands.’’. 
SEC. 504. SUBMISSION OF EXISTING ANNUAL RE-PORT. 
Subsection (j) of section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c), as redesignated by section 501(a)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘report to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘submit to the congressional committees specified in subsection (h)(2) a report’’. 
SEC. 505. FIRE LIABILITY PROVISION. 
Section 604(d) of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(8) M
ODIFICATION .—Upon the request of the contractor, a contract or agreement under this section awarded before February 7, 2014, shall be modified by the Chief or Director to include the fire liability provisions described in para-graph (7).’’. TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL FUNDING SOURCES FOR FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES SEC. 601. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible enti-ty’’ means— (A) a State or political subdivision of a State containing National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands; (B) a publicly chartered utility serving one or more States or a political subdivision thereof; (C) a rural electric company; and (D) any other entity determined by the Sec-retary concerned to be appropriate for partici-pation in the Fund. (2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the State- Supported Forest Management Fund established by section 603. 
SEC. 602. AVAILABILITY OF STEWARDSHIP PROJECT REVENUES AND COLLABO-RATIVE FOREST LANDSCAPE RES-TORATION FUND TO COVER FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY PLANNING COSTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF STEWARDSHIP PROJECT  R
EVENUES .—Section 604(e)(2)(B) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(e)(2)(B)), as amended by section 503, is further amended by striking ‘‘appropriation at the project site from which the monies are col-lected or at another project site.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘appropriation— ‘‘(i) at the project site from which the monies are collected or at another project site; and ‘‘(ii) to cover not more than 25 percent of the cost of planning additional stewardship con-tracting projects.’’. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF COLLABORATIVE FOREST  L
ANDSCAPE RESTORATION FUND.—Section 4003(f)(1) of the Omnibus Public Land Manage-ment Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(f)(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘carrying out and’’ and inserting ‘‘planning, carrying out, and’’. 
SEC. 603. STATE-SUPPORTED PLANNING OF FOR-EST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S TATE-SUPPORTED FOREST MANAGEMENT  F
UND.—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘State-Supported Forest Management Fund’’, to cover the cost of planning (especially related to compliance with section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2))), carrying out, and monitoring certain forest management activities on National Forest System lands or public lands. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The State-Supported Forest Management Fund shall consist of such amounts as may be— (1) contributed by an eligible entity for deposit in the Fund; (2) appropriated to the Fund; or (3) generated by forest management activities carried out using amounts in the Fund. (c) G
EOGRAPHICAL AND USELIMITATIONS .—In making a contribution under subsection (b)(1), an eligible entity may— (1) specify the National Forest System lands or public lands for which the contribution may be expended; and (2) limit the types of forest management activi-ties for which the contribution may be ex-pended. (d) A
UTHORIZED FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.—In such amounts as may be provided in advance in appropriation Acts, the Secretary concerned may use the Fund to plan, carry out, and monitor a forest management activity that— (1) is developed through a collaborative proc-ess; (2) is proposed by a resource advisory com-mittee; or (3) is covered by a community wildfire protec-tion plan. (e) IMPLEMENTATION METHODS .—A forest management activity carried out using amounts in the Fund may be carried out using a contract or agreement under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c), the good neighbor authority provided by section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a), a contract under section 14 of the Na-tional Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 472a), or other authority available to the Sec-retary concerned, but revenues generated by the forest management activity shall be used to re-imburse the Fund for planning costs covered using amounts in the Fund. (f) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.— (1) R
EVENUE SHARING .—Subject to subsection (e), revenues generated by a forest management activity carried out using amounts from the Fund shall be considered monies received from the National Forest System. (2) K
NUTSON -VANDERBERG ACT .—The Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson- Vanderberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576 et seq.), shall apply to any forest management activity carried out using amounts in the Fund. (g) T
ERMINATION OF FUND.— (1) T
ERMINATION .—The Fund shall terminate 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—Upon the termi-nation of the Fund pursuant to paragraph (1) or pursuant to any other provision of law, un-obligated contributions remaining in the Fund shall be returned to the eligible entity that made the contribution. TITLE VII—TRIBAL FORESTRY PARTICIPATION AND PROTECTION 
SEC. 701. PROTECTION OF TRIBAL FOREST AS-SETS THROUGH USE OF STEWARD-SHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING AND OTHER AUTHORITIES. 
(a) P ROMPT CONSIDERATION OF TRIBAL RE-
QUESTS .—Section 2(b) of the Tribal Forest Pro-tection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the date on which an Indian tribe submits to the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘In response to the submission by an Indian tribe of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) T
IME PERIODS FOR CONSIDERATION .— ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL RESPONSE .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a tribal request under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide an initial response to the Indian tribe regarding— ‘‘(i) whether the request may meet the selec-tion criteria described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(ii) the likelihood of the Secretary entering into an agreement or contract with the Indian tribe under paragraph (2) for activities described in paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF DENIAL .—Notice under sub-section (d) of the denial of a tribal request under paragraph (1) shall be provided not later than 1 year after the date on which the Sec-retary received the request. ‘‘(C) C
OMPLETION .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Secretary receives a tribal request under paragraph (1), other than a tribal request denied under subsection (d), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) complete all environmental reviews nec-essary in connection with the agreement or con-tract and proposed activities under the agree-ment or contract; and ‘‘(ii) enter into the agreement or contract with the Indian tribe under paragraph (2).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 2 of the Tribal Forest Protec-tion Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a) is amended— (1) in subsections (b)(1) and (f)(1), by striking ‘‘section 347 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (16 U.S.C. 2104 note; Public Law 105–277) (as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3153 May 25, 2016 
amended by section 323 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2003 (117 Stat. 275))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c)’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(1), the Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (4)(B) of subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall’’. 
SEC. 702. MANAGEMENT OF INDIAN FOREST LAND AUTHORIZED TO INCLUDE RELATED NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS AND PUBLIC LANDS. 
Section 305 of the National Indian Forest Re-sources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN NATIONAL FOREST  S
YSTEM LAND AND PUBLIC LAND.— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—At the request of an Indian tribe, the Secretary concerned may treat Federal forest land as Indian forest land for purposes of planning and conducting forest land manage-ment activities under this section if the Federal forest land is located within, or mostly within, a geographic area that presents a feature or in-volves circumstances principally relevant to that Indian tribe, such as Federal forest land ceded to the United States by treaty, Federal forest land within the boundaries of a current or former reservation, or Federal forest land adju-dicated to be tribal homelands. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—As part of the agree-ment to treat Federal forest land as Indian for-est land under paragraph (1), the Secretary con-cerned and the Indian tribe making the request shall— ‘‘(A) provide for continued public access ap-plicable to the Federal forest land prior to the agreement, except that the Secretary concerned may limit or prohibit such access as needed; ‘‘(B) continue sharing revenue generated by the Federal forest land with State and local gov-ernments either— ‘‘(i) on the terms applicable to the Federal for-est land prior to the agreement, including, where applicable, 25-percent payments or 50- percent payments; or ‘‘(ii) at the option of the Indian tribe, on terms agreed upon by the Indian tribe, the Sec-retary concerned, and State and county govern-ments participating in a revenue sharing agree-ment for the Federal forest land; ‘‘(C) comply with applicable prohibitions on the export of unprocessed logs harvested from the Federal forest land; ‘‘(D) recognize all right-of-way agreements in place on Federal forest land prior to commence-ment of tribal management activities; and ‘‘(E) ensure that all commercial timber re-moved from the Federal forest land is sold on a competitive bid basis. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Treating Federal forest land as Indian forest land for purposes of plan-ning and conducting management activities pur-suant to paragraph (1) shall not be construed to designate the Federal forest land as Indian for-est lands for any other purpose. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL FOREST LAND .—The term ‘Fed-eral forest land’ means— ‘‘(i) National Forest System lands; and ‘‘(ii) public lands (as defined in section 103(e) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702(e))), including Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands reconveyed to the United States pursuant to the first section of the Act of February 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179), and Or-egon and California Railroad Grant lands. ‘‘(B) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Sec-retary concerned’ means— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to the Federal forest land referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(i); and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to the Federal forest land referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(ii).’’. SEC. 703. TRIBAL FOREST MANAGEMENT DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture may carry out demonstra-tion projects by which federally recognized In-dian tribes or tribal organizations may contract to perform administrative, management, and other functions of programs of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) through contracts entered into under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS FOREST MANAGEMENT PROVISIONS 
SEC. 801. BALANCING SHORT- AND LONG-TERM EFFECTS OF FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES IN CONSIDERING IN-JUNCTIVE RELIEF. 
As part of its weighing the equities while con-sidering any request for an injunction that ap-plies to any agency action as part of a forest management activity under titles I through VIII, the court reviewing the agency action shall balance the impact to the ecosystem likely affected by the forest management activity of— (1) the short- and long-term effects of under-taking the agency action; against (2) the short- and long-term effects of not un-dertaking the action. 
SEC. 802. CONDITIONS ON FOREST SERVICE ROAD DECOMMISSIONING. 
(a) C ONSULTATION WITHAFFECTED COUNTY .— Whenever any Forest Service defined mainte-nance level one- or two-system road within a designated high fire prone area of a unit of the National Forest System is considered for decom-missioning, the Forest Supervisor of that unit of the National Forest System shall— (1) consult with the government of the county containing the road regarding the merits and possible consequences of decommissioning the road; and (2) solicit possible alternatives to decommis-sioning the road. (b) R
EGIONAL FORESTER APPROVAL .—A Forest Service road described in subsection (a) may not be decommissioned without the advance ap-proval of the Regional Forester. 
SEC. 803. PROHIBITION ON APPLICATION OF EASTSIDE SCREENS REQUIREMENTS ON NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS. 
On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may not apply to National Forest System lands any of the amendments to forest plans adopted in the Deci-sion Notice for the Revised Continuation of In-terim Management Direction Establishing Ri-parian, Ecosystem and Wildlife Standards for Timber Sales (commonly known as the Eastside Screens requirements), including all preceding or associated versions of these amendments. 
SEC. 804. USE OF SITE-SPECIFIC FOREST PLAN AMENDMENTS FOR CERTAIN PROJECTS AND ACTIVITIES. 
If the Secretary concerned determines that, in order to conduct a project or carry out an activ-ity implementing a forest plan, an amendment to the forest plan is required, the Secretary con-cerned shall execute such amendment as a non-significant plan amendment through the record of decision or decision notice for the project or activity. 
SEC. 805. KNUTSON-VANDENBERG ACT MODIFICA-TIONS. 
(a) D EPOSITS OF FUNDS FROM NATIONAL FOR-
EST TIMBER PURCHASERS REQUIRED .—Section 3(a) of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b(a)), is amended by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘any pur-chaser’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘The Sec-retary of Agriculture shall require each pur-chaser’’. (b) C
ONDITIONS ON USE OF DEPOSITS .—Section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Such deposits’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) Amounts deposited under subsection (a)’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting before subsection (d), as so re-designated, the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c)(1) Amounts in the special fund estab-lished pursuant to this section— ‘‘(A) shall be used exclusively to implement activities authorized by subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) may be used anywhere within the Forest Service Region from which the original deposits were collected. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Agriculture may not de-duct overhead costs from the funds collected under subsection (a), except as needed to fund personnel of the responsible Ranger District for the planning and implementation of the activi-ties authorized by subsection (a).’’. SEC. 806. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS AND PUBLIC LANDS. 
Unless specifically provided by a provision of titles I through VIII, the authorities provided by such titles do not apply with respect to any Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands— (1) that are included in the National Wilder-ness Preservation System; (2) that are located within an inventoried roadless area unless the forest management ac-tivity to be carried out under such authority is consistent with the forest plan applicable to the area; or (3) on which timber harvesting for any pur-pose is prohibited by statute. 
SEC. 807. APPLICATION OF NORTHWEST FOREST PLAN SURVEY AND MANAGE MITIGA-TION MEASURE STANDARD AND GUIDELINES. 
The Northwest Forest Plan Survey and Man-age Mitigation Measure Standard and Guide-lines shall not apply to any National Forest System lands or public lands. 
SEC. 808. MANAGEMENT OF BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT LANDS IN WESTERN OREGON. 
(a) G ENERAL RULE.—All of the public land managed by the Bureau of Land Management in the Salem District, Eugene District, Roseburg District, Coos Bay District, Medford District, and the Klamath Resource Area of the Lakeview District in the State of Oregon shall hereafter be managed pursuant to title I of the of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a through 1181e). Except as provided in subsection (b), all of the revenue produced from such land shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States in the Oregon and California land-grant fund and be subject to the provisions of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). (b) C
ERTAIN LANDS EXCLUDED .—Subsection (a) does not apply to any revenue that is re-quired to be deposited in the Coos Bay Wagon Road grant fund pursuant to sections 1 through 4 of the Act of May 24, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 1181f–1 through f–4). 
SEC. 809. BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT RE-SOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL ANALYSIS AND ALTER-
NATIVES .—To develop a full range of reasonable alternatives as required by the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969, the Secretary of the Interior shall develop and consider in detail a reference analysis and two additional alter-natives as part of the revisions of the resource management plans for the Bureau of Land Management’s Salem, Eugene, Coos Bay, Roseburg, and Medford Districts and the Klam-ath Resource Area of the Lakeview District. (b) R
EFERENCE ANALYSIS .—The reference analysis required by subsection (a) shall meas-ure and assume the harvest of the annual growth net of natural mortality for all forested land in the planning area in order to determine the maximum sustained yield capacity of the forested land base and to establish a baseline by which the Secretary of the Interior shall meas-ure incremental effects on the sustained yield 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3154 May 25, 2016 
capacity and environmental impacts from man-agement prescriptions in all other alternatives. (c) A
DDITIONAL ALTERNATIVES .— (1) C
ARBON SEQUESTRATION ALTERNATIVE .— The Secretary of the Interior shall develop and consider an additional alternative with the goal of maximizing the total carbon benefits from for-est storage and wood product storage. To the ex-tent practicable, the analysis shall consider— (A) the future risks to forest carbon from wildfires, insects, and disease; (B) the amount of carbon stored in products or in landfills; (C) the life cycle benefits of harvested wood products compared to non-renewable products; and (D) the energy produced from wood residues. (2) S
USTAINED YIELD ALTERNATIVE .—The Sec- retary of the Interior shall develop and consider an additional alternative that produces the greater of 500 million board feet or the annual net growth on the acres classified as timberland, excluding any congressionally reserved areas. The projected harvest levels, as nearly as prac-ticable, shall be distributed among the Districts referred to in subsection (a) in the same propor-tion as the maximum yield capacity of each such District bears to maximum yield capacity of the planning area as a whole. (d) A
DDITIONAL ANALYSIS AND PUBLIC PAR-
TICIPATION .—The Secretary of the Interior shall publish the reference analysis and additional alternatives and analyze their environmental and economic consequences in a supplemental draft environmental impact statement. The draft environmental impact statement and supple-mental draft environmental impact statement shall be made available for public comment for a period of not less than 180 days. The Secretary shall respond to any comments received before making a final decision between all alternatives. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall affect the obligation of the Sec-retary of the Interior to manage the timberlands as required by the Act of August 28, 1937 (50 Stat. 874; 43 U.S.C. 1181a–1181j). 
SEC. 810. LANDSCAPE-SCALE FOREST RESTORA-TION PROJECT. 
The Secretary of Agriculture shall develop and implement at least one landscape-scale for-est restoration project that includes, as a de-fined purpose of the project, the generation of material that will be used to promote advanced wood products. The project shall be developed through a collaborative process. TITLE IX—MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
SEC. 901. WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
Section 102(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(2)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘means’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) M
AJOR DISASTER .— ‘‘(A) M
AJOR DISASTER .—The term ‘major dis-aster’ means’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
AJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FED -
ERAL LANDS .—The term ‘major disaster for wild-fire on Federal lands’ means any wildfire or wildfires, which in the determination of the President under section 802 warrants assistance under section 803 to supplement the efforts and resources of the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture— ‘‘(i) on Federal lands; or ‘‘(ii) on non-Federal lands pursuant to a fire protection agreement or cooperative agree-ment.’’. 
SEC. 902. DECLARATION OF A MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
The Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘TITLE VIII—MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
‘‘SEC. 801. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘As used in this title— ‘‘(1) FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘Federal land’ means— ‘‘(A) any land under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; and ‘‘(B) any land under the jurisdiction of the United States Forest Service. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCIES .— The term ‘Federal land management agencies’ means— ‘‘(A) the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(B) the National Park Service; ‘‘(C) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; ‘‘(D) the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice; and ‘‘(E) the United States Forest Service. ‘‘(3) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS .—The term ‘wildfire suppression operations’ means the emergency and unpredictable aspects of wildland firefighting, including support, re-sponse, emergency stabilization activities, and other emergency management activities of wildland firefighting on Federal lands (or on non-Federal lands pursuant to a fire protection agreement or cooperative agreement) by the Fed-eral land management agencies covered by the wildfire suppression subactivity of the Wildland Fire Management account or the FLAME Wild-fire Suppression Reserve Fund account of the Federal land management agencies. 
‘‘SEC. 802. PROCEDURE FOR DECLARATION OF A MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior or the Secretary of Agriculture may submit a request to the President consistent with the re-quirements of this title for a declaration by the President that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A request for a declara-tion by the President that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists shall— ‘‘(1) be made in writing by the respective Sec-retary; ‘‘(2) certify that the amount appropriated in the current fiscal year for wildfire suppression operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary, net of any concurrently enacted re-scissions of wildfire suppression funds, increases the total unobligated balance of amounts avail-able for wildfire suppression by an amount equal to or greater than the average total costs incurred by the Federal land management agen-cies per year for wildfire suppression operations, including the suppression costs in excess of ap-propriated amounts, over the previous ten fiscal years; ‘‘(3) certify that the amount available for wildfire suppression operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdic-tion of the respective Secretary will be obligated not later than 30 days after such Secretary noti-fies the President that wildfire suppression funds will be exhausted to fund ongoing and anticipated wildfire suppression operations re-lated to the wildfire on which the request for the declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands pursuant to this title is based; and ‘‘(4) specify the amount required in the cur-rent fiscal year to fund wildfire suppression op-erations related to the wildfire on which the re-quest for the declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands pursuant to this title is based. ‘‘(c) D
ECLARATION .—Based on the request of the respective Secretary under this title, the President may declare that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists. 
‘‘SEC. 803. WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS ASSIST-ANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands, the President may transfer funds, only from the account estab-lished pursuant to subsection (b), to the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agri-culture to conduct wildfire suppression oper-ations on Federal lands (and non-Federal lands pursuant to a fire protection agreement or coop-erative agreement). ‘‘(b) WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS AC-
COUNT .—The President shall establish a specific account for the assistance available pursuant to a declaration under section 802. Such account may only be used to fund assistance pursuant to this title. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION OF TRANSFER .—The assist-ance available pursuant to a declaration under section 802 is limited to the transfer of the amount requested pursuant to section 802(b)(4). The assistance available for transfer shall not exceed the amount contained in the wildfire suppression operations account established pur-suant to subsection (b). ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Funds under this section shall be transferred from the wildfire suppression operations account to the wildfire suppression subactivity of the Wildland Fire Management Account. ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION OF OTHER TRANSFERS .—Ex- cept as provided in this section, no funds may be transferred to or from the account established pursuant to subsection (b) to or from any other fund or account. ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR WILDFIRE SUPPRES -
SION OPERATIONS ON NON-FEDERAL LAND.—If amounts transferred under subsection (c) are used to conduct wildfire suppression operations on non-Federal land, the respective Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) secure reimbursement for the cost of such wildfire suppression operations conducted on the non-Federal land; and ‘‘(2) transfer the amounts received as reim-bursement to the wildfire suppression operations account established pursuant to subsection (b). ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year for which assistance is received pursuant to this section, the respective Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Ag-riculture, Appropriations, the Budget, Natural Resources, and Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry, Appropriations, the Budget, Energy and Natural Resources, Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and Indian Affairs of the Senate, and make available to the public, a re-port that includes the following: ‘‘(1) The risk-based factors that influenced management decisions regarding wildfire sup-pression operations of the Federal land manage-ment agencies under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary concerned. ‘‘(2) Specific discussion of a statistically sig-nificant sample of large fires, in which each fire is analyzed for cost drivers, effectiveness of risk management techniques, resulting positive or negative impacts of fire on the landscape, im-pact of investments in preparedness, suggested corrective actions, and such other factors as the respective Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(3) Total expenditures for wildfire suppres-sion operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary, broken out by fire sizes, cost, regional location, and such other factors as the such Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(4) Lessons learned. ‘‘(5) Such other matters as the respective Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(g) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this title shall limit the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, Indian tribe, or a State from receiving assistance through a declaration made by the President under this Act when the criteria for such declaration have been met.’’. 
SEC. 903. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFERS. 
No funds may be transferred to or from the Federal land management agencies’ wildfire suppression operations accounts referred to in section 801(3) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to or from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3155 May 25, 2016 
any account or subactivity of the Federal land management agencies, as defined in section 801(2) of such Act, that is not used to cover the cost of wildfire suppression operations. DIVISION C—NATURAL RESOURCES TITLE I—WESTERN WATER AND AMERICAN FOOD SECURITY ACT 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) As established in the Proclamation of a State of Emergency issued by the Governor of the State on January 17, 2014, the State is expe-riencing record dry conditions. (2) Extremely dry conditions have persisted in the State since 2012, and the drought conditions are likely to persist into the future. (3) The water supplies of the State are at record-low levels, as indicated by the fact that all major Central Valley Project reservoir levels were at 20–35 percent of capacity as of Sep-tember 25, 2014. (4) The lack of precipitation has been a sig-nificant contributing factor to the 6,091 fires ex-perienced in the State as of September 15, 2014, and which covered nearly 400,000 acres. (5) According to a study released by the Uni-versity of California, Davis in July 2014, the drought has led to the fallowing of 428,000 acres of farmland, loss of $810 million in crop revenue, loss of $203 million in dairy and other livestock value, and increased groundwater pumping costs by $454 million. The statewide economic costs are estimated to be $2.2 billion, with over 17,000 seasonal and part-time agricultural jobs lost. (6) CVPIA Level II water deliveries to refuges have also been reduced by 25 percent in the north of Delta region, and by 35 percent in the south of Delta region. (7) Only one-sixth of the usual acres of rice fields are being flooded this fall, which leads to a significant decline in habitat for migratory birds and an increased risk of disease at the re-maining wetlands due to overcrowding of such birds. (8) The drought of 2013 through 2014 con-stitutes a serious emergency that poses imme-diate and severe risks to human life and safety and to the environment throughout the State. (9) The serious emergency described in para-graph (4) requires— (A) immediate and credible action that re-spects the complexity of the water system of the State and the importance of the water system to the entire State; and (B) policies that do not pit stakeholders against one another, which history shows only leads to costly litigation that benefits no one and prevents any real solutions. (10) Data on the difference between water de-mand and reliable water supplies for various re-gions of California south of the Delta, including the San Joaquin Valley, indicate there is a sig-nificant annual gap between reliable water sup-plies to meet agricultural, municipal and indus-trial, groundwater, and refuges water needs within the Delta Division, San Luis Unit and Friant Division of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project south of the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin River Delta and the de-mands of those areas. This gap varies depending on the methodology of the analysis performed, but can be represented in the following ways: (A) For Central Valley Project South-of-Delta water service contractors, if it is assumed that a water supply deficit is the difference in the amount of water available for allocation versus the maximum contract quantity, then the water supply deficits that have developed from 1992 to 2014 as a result of legislative and regulatory changes besides natural variations in hydrology during this timeframe range between 720,000 and 1,100,000 acre-feet. (B) For Central Valley Project and State Water Project water service contractors south of the Delta and north of the Tehachapi mountain range, if it is assumed that a water supply def-icit is the difference between reliable water sup-plies, including maximum water contract deliv-eries, safe yield of groundwater, safe yield of local and surface supplies and long-term con-tracted water transfers, and water demands, in-cluding water demands from agriculture, munic-ipal and industrial and refuge contractors, then the water supply deficit ranges between ap-proximately 2,500,000 to 2,700,000 acre-feet. (11) Data of pumping activities at the Central Valley Project and State Water Project delta pumps identifies that, on average from Water Year 2009 to Water Year 2014, take of Delta smelt is 80 percent less than allowable take lev-els under the biological opinion issued December 15, 2008. (12) Data of field sampling activities of the Interagency Ecological Program located in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Estuary identifies that, on average from 2005 to 2013, the program ‘‘takes’’ 3,500 delta smelt during annual surveys with an authorized ‘‘take’’ level of 33,480 delta smelt annually—according to the biological opinion issued December 9, 1997. (13) In 2015, better information exists than was known in 2008 concerning conditions and operations that may or may not lead to high sal-vage events that jeopardize the fish populations, and what alternative management actions can be taken to avoid jeopardy. (14) Alternative management strategies, re-moving non-native species, enhancing habitat, monitoring fish movement and location in real- time, and improving water quality in the Delta can contribute significantly to protecting and recovering these endangered fish species, and at potentially lower costs to water supplies. (15) Resolution of fundamental policy ques-tions concerning the extent to which application of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 affects the operation of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project is the responsibility of Con-gress. 
SEC. 1003. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) D
ELTA.—The term ‘‘Delta’’ means the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin Delta and the Suisun Marsh, as defined in sections 12220 and 29101 of the California Public Resources Code. (2) E
XPORT PUMPING RATES .—The term ‘‘ex-port pumping rates’’ means the rates of pumping at the C.W. ‘‘Bill’’ Jones Pumping Plant and the Harvey O. Banks Pumping Plant, in the south-ern Delta. (3) L
ISTED FISH SPECIES .—The term ‘‘listed fish species’’ means listed salmonid species and the Delta smelt. (4) L
ISTED SALMONID SPECIES .—The term ‘‘list-ed salmonid species’’ means natural origin steelhead, natural origin genetic spring run Chi-nook, and genetic winter run Chinook salmon including hatchery steelhead or salmon popu-lations within the evolutionary significant unit (ESU) or distinct population segment (DPS). (5) N
EGATIVE IMPACT ON THE LONG -TERM SUR -
VIVAL .—The term ‘‘negative impact on the long- term survival’’ means to reduce appreciably the likelihood of the survival of a listed species in the wild by reducing the reproduction, numbers, or distribution of that species. (6) OMR.—The term ‘‘OMR’’ means the Old and Middle River in the Delta. (7) OMR 
FLOW OF ¥5,000 CUBIC FEET PER SEC -
OND.—The term ‘‘OMR flow of ¥5,000 cubic feet per second’’ means Old and Middle River flow of negative 5,000 cubic feet per second as described in— (A) the smelt biological opinion; and (B) the salmonid biological opinion. (8) S
ALMONID BIOLOGICAL OPINION .—The term ‘‘salmonid biological opinion’’ means the bio-logical opinion issued by the National Marine Fisheries Service on June 4, 2009. (9) S
MELT BIOLOGICAL OPINION .—The term ‘‘smelt biological opinion’’ means the biological opinion on the Long-Term Operational Criteria and Plan for coordination of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project issued by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on De-cember 15, 2008. (10) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of California. Subtitle A—ADJUSTING DELTA SMELT MANAGEMENT BASED ON INCREASED REAL-TIME MONITORING AND UPDATED SCIENCE 
SEC. 1011. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service. (2) D
ELTA SMELT .—The term ‘‘Delta smelt’’ means the fish species with the scientific name Hypomesus transpacificus. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (4) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commissioner’’ means the Commissioner of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. 
SEC. 1012. REVISE INCIDENTAL TAKE LEVEL CAL-CULATION FOR DELTA SMELT TO RE-FLECT NEW SCIENCE. 
(a) R EVIEW AND MODIFICATION .—Not later than October 1, 2016, and at least every five years thereafter, the Director, in cooperation with other Federal, State, and local agencies, shall use the best scientific and commercial data available to complete a review and, modify the method used to calculate the incidental take lev-els for adult and larval/juvenile Delta smelt in the smelt biological opinion that takes into ac-count all life stages, among other consider-ations— (1) salvage information collected since at least 1993; (2) updated or more recently developed statis-tical models; (3) updated scientific and commercial data; and (4) the most recent information regarding the environmental factors affecting Delta smelt sal-vage. (b) M
ODIFIED INCIDENTAL TAKELEVEL.—Un- less the Director determines in writing that one or more of the requirements described in para-graphs (1) through (4) are not appropriate, the modified incidental take level described in sub-section (a) shall— (1) be normalized for the abundance of prespawning adult Delta smelt using the Fall Midwater Trawl Index or other index; (2) be based on a simulation of the salvage that would have occurred from 1993 through 2012 if OMR flow has been consistent with the smelt biological opinions; (3) base the simulation on a correlation be-tween annual salvage rates and historic water clarity and OMR flow during the adult salvage period; and (4) set the incidental take level as the 80 per-cent upper prediction interval derived from sim-ulated salvage rates since at least 1993. 
SEC. 1013. FACTORING INCREASED REAL-TIME MONITORING AND UPDATED SCIENCE INTO DELTA SMELT MAN-AGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall use the best scientific and commercial data available to implement, continuously evaluate, and refine or amend, as appropriate, the reasonable and pru-dent alternative described in the smelt biological opinion, and any successor opinions or court order. The Secretary shall make all significant decisions under the smelt biological opinion, or any successor opinions that affect Central Val-ley Project and State Water Project operations, in writing, and shall document the significant facts upon which such decisions are made, con-sistent with section 706 of title 5, United States Code. (b) I
NCREASED MONITORING TOINFORM REAL- T
IMEOPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall conduct 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3156 May 25, 2016 
additional surveys, on an annual basis at the appropriate time of the year based on environ-mental conditions, in collaboration with other Delta science interests. (1) In implementing this section, the Secretary shall— (A) use the most accurate survey methods available for the detection of Delta smelt to de-termine the extent that adult Delta smelt are distributed in relation to certain levels of tur-bidity, or other environmental factors that may influence salvage rate; and (B) use results from appropriate survey meth-ods for the detection of Delta smelt to determine how the Central Valley Project and State Water Project may be operated more efficiently to mini-mize salvage while maximizing export pumping rates without causing a significant negative im-pact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt. (2) During the period beginning on December 1, 2015, and ending March 31, 2016, and in each successive December through March period, if suspended sediment loads enter the Delta from the Sacramento River and the suspended sedi-ment loads appear likely to raise turbidity levels in the Old River north of the export pumps from values below 12 Nephelometric Turbidity Units (NTU) to values above 12 NTU, the Secretary shall— (A) conduct daily monitoring using appro-priate survey methods at locations including, but not limited to, the vicinity of Station 902 to determine the extent that adult Delta smelt are moving with turbidity toward the export pumps; and (B) use results from the monitoring surveys referenced in paragraph (A) to determine how increased trawling can inform daily real-time Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations to minimize salvage while maximizing export pumping rates without causing a signifi-cant negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt. (c) P
ERIODIC REVIEW OF MONITORING .—With- in 12 months of the date of enactment of this title, and at least once every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate whether the monitoring program under subsection (b), combined with other moni-toring programs for the Delta, is providing suffi-cient data to inform Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations to minimize sal-vage while maximizing export pumping rates without causing a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt; and (2) determine whether the monitoring efforts should be changed in the short or long term to provide more useful data. (d) D
ELTA SMELT DISTRIBUTION STUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No later than January 1, 2016, and at least every five years thereafter, the Secretary, in collaboration with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, the California Department of Water Resources, public water agencies, and other interested entities, shall im-plement new targeted sampling and monitoring specifically designed to understand Delta smelt abundance, distribution, and the types of habi-tat occupied by Delta smelt during all life stages. (2) S
AMPLING .—The Delta smelt distribution study shall, at a minimum— (A) include recording water quality and tidal data; (B) be designed to understand Delta smelt abundance, distribution, habitat use, and move-ment throughout the Delta, Suisun Marsh, and other areas occupied by the Delta smelt during all seasons; (C) consider areas not routinely sampled by existing monitoring programs, including wetland channels, near-shore water, depths below 35 feet, and shallow water; and (D) use survey methods, including sampling gear, best suited to collect the most accurate data for the type of sampling or monitoring. (e) SCIENTIFICALLY SUPPORTED IMPLEMENTA -
TION OF OMR F LOW REQUIREMENTS .—In imple- menting the provisions of the smelt biological opinion, or any successor biological opinion or court order, pertaining to management of re-verse flow in the Old and Middle Rivers, the Secretary shall— (1) consider the relevant provisions of the bio-logical opinion or any successor biological opin-ion; (2) to maximize Central Valley project and State Water Project water supplies, manage ex-port pumping rates to achieve a reverse OMR flow rate of ¥5,000 cubic feet per second unless information developed by the Secretary under paragraphs (3) and (4) leads the Secretary to reasonably conclude that a less negative OMR flow rate is necessary to avoid a negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt. If information available to the Secretary indicates that a reverse OMR flow rate more negative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second can be estab-lished without an imminent negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt, the Secretary shall manage export pumping rates to achieve that more negative OMR flow rate; (3) document in writing any significant facts about real-time conditions relevant to the deter-minations of OMR reverse flow rates, includ-ing— (A) whether targeted real-time fish monitoring in the Old River pursuant to this section, in-cluding monitoring in the vicinity of Station 902, indicates that a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt is imminent; and (B) whether near-term forecasts with avail-able salvage models show under prevailing con-ditions that OMR flow of ¥5,000 cubic feet per second or higher will cause a significant nega-tive impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt; (4) show in writing that any determination to manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second is necessary to avoid a significant negative impact on the long- term survival of the Delta smelt, including an explanation of the data examined and the con-nection between those data and the choice made, after considering— (A) the distribution of Delta smelt throughout the Delta; (B) the potential effects of documented, quan-tified entrainment on subsequent Delta smelt abundance; (C) the water temperature; (D) other significant factors relevant to the determination; and (E) whether any alternative measures could have a substantially lesser water supply impact; and (5) for any subsequent biological opinion, make the showing required in paragraph (4) for any determination to manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than the most negative limit in the biological opinion if the most nega-tive limit in the biological opinion is more nega-tive than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second. (f) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—No later than December 1, 2015, the Commissioner and the Director will execute a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to ensure that the smelt biological opinion is implemented in a manner that maximizes water supply while complying with applicable laws and regulations. If that MOU alters any procedures set out in the bio-logical opinion, there will be no need to reini-tiate consultation if those changes will not have a significant negative impact on the long-term survival on listed species and the implementa-tion of the MOU would not be a major change to implementation of the biological opinion. Any change to procedures that does not create a sig-nificant negative impact on the long-term sur-vival to listed species will not alter application of the take permitted by the incidental take statement in the biological opinion under sec-tion 7(o)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (g) CALCULATION OF REVERSE FLOW IN  OMR.—Within 90 days of the enactment of this title, the Secretary is directed, in consultation with the California Department of Water Re-sources to revise the method used to calculate reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers for imple-mentation of the reasonable and prudent alter-natives in the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion, and any succeeding biological opinions, for the purpose of increas-ing Central Valley Project and State Water Project water supplies. The method of calcu-lating reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers shall be reevaluated not less than every five years thereafter to achieve maximum export pumping rates within limits established by the smelt biological opinion, the salmonid biological opinion, and any succeeding biological opin-ions. Subtitle B—ENSURING SALMONID MAN-AGEMENT IS RESPONSIVE TO NEW SCIENCE 
SEC. 1021. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
SSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘As-sistant Administrator’’ means the Assistant Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration for Fisheries. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (3) O
THER AFFECTED INTERESTS .—The term ‘‘other affected interests’’ means the State of California, Indian tribes, subdivisions of the State of California, public water agencies and those who benefit directly and indirectly from the operations of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project. (4) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commissioner’’ means the Commissioner of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. (5) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service. 
SEC. 1022. PROCESS FOR ENSURING SALMONID MANAGEMENT IS RESPONSIVE TO NEW SCIENCE. 
(a) G ENERAL DIRECTIVE .—The reasonable and prudent alternative described in the salmonid biological opinion allows for and anticipates ad-justments in Central Valley Project and State Water Project operation parameters to reflect the best scientific and commercial data cur-rently available, and authorizes efforts to test and evaluate improvements in operations that will meet applicable regulatory requirements and maximize Central Valley Project and State Water Project water supplies and reliability. Im-plementation of the reasonable and prudent al-ternative described in the salmonid biological opinion shall be adjusted accordingly as new scientific and commercial data are developed. The Commissioner and the Assistant Adminis-trator shall fully utilize these authorities as de-scribed below. (b) A
NNUAL REVIEWS OF CERTAIN CENTRAL  V
ALLEY PROJECT AND STATE WATER PROJECT  O
PERATIONS .—No later than December 31, 2016, and at least annually thereafter: (1) The Commissioner, with the assistance of the Assistant Administrator, shall examine and identify adjustments to the initiation of Action IV.2.3 as set forth in the Biological Opinion and Conference Opinion on the Long-Term Oper-ations of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project, Endangered Species Act Section 7 Consultation, issued by the National Marine Fisheries Service on June 4, 2009, pertaining to negative OMR flows, subject to paragraph (5). (2) The Commissioner, with the assistance of the Assistant Administrator, shall examine and identify adjustments in the timing, triggers or other operational details relating to the imple-mentation of pumping restrictions in Action IV.2.1 pertaining to the inflow to export ratio, subject to paragraph (5). (3) Pursuant to the consultation and assess-ments carried out under paragraphs (1) and (2) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3157 May 25, 2016 
of this subsection, the Commissioner and the As-sistant Administrator shall jointly make rec-ommendations to the Secretary of the Interior and to the Secretary on adjustments to project operations that, in the exercise of the adaptive management provisions of the salmonid biologi-cal opinion, will reduce water supply impacts of the salmonid biological opinion on the Central Valley Project and the California State Water Project and are consistent with the requirements of applicable law and as further described in subsection (c). (4) The Secretary and the Secretary of the In-terior shall direct the Commissioner and Assist-ant Administrator to implement recommended adjustments to Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations for which the condi-tions under subsection (c) are met. (5) The Assistant Administrator and the Com-missioner shall review and identify adjustments to Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations with water supply restric-tions in any successor biological opinion to the salmonid biological opinion, applying the provi-sions of this section to those water supply re-strictions where there are references to Actions IV.2.1 and IV.2.3. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION OF OPERATIONAL ADJUST -
MENTS .—After reviewing the recommendations under subsection (b), the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary shall direct the Commis-sioner and the Assistant Administrator to imple-ment those operational adjustments, or any combination, for which, in aggregate— (1) the net effect on listed species is equivalent to those of the underlying project operational parameters in the salmonid biological opinion, taking into account both— (A) efforts to minimize the adverse effects of the adjustment to project operations; and (B) whatever additional actions or measures may be implemented in conjunction with the ad-justments to operations to offset the adverse ef-fects to listed species, consistent with (d), that are in excess of the adverse effects of the under-lying operational parameters, if any; and (2) the effects of the adjustment can be rea-sonably expected to fall within the incidental take authorizations. (d) E
VALUATION OF OFFSETTING MEASURES .— When examining and identifying opportunities to offset the potential adverse effect of adjust-ments to operations under subsection (c)(1)(B), the Commissioner and the Assistant Adminis-trator shall take into account the potential spe-cies survival improvements that are likely to re-sult from other measures which, if implemented in conjunction with such adjustments, would offset adverse effects, if any, of the adjustments. When evaluating offsetting measures, the Com-missioner and the Assistant Administrator shall consider the type, timing and nature of the ad-verse effects, if any, to specific species and en-sure that the measures likely provide equivalent overall benefits to the listed species in the aggre-gate, as long as the change will not cause a sig-nificant negative impact on the long-term sur-vival of a listed salmonid species. (e) F
RAMEWORK FOR EXAMINING OPPORTUNI -
TIES TOMINIMIZE OR OFFSET THE POTENTIAL  A
DVERSE EFFECT OF ADJUSTMENTS TO OPER-
ATIONS .—Not later than December 31, 2015, and every five years thereafter, the Assistant Admin-istrator shall, in collaboration with the Director of the California Department of Fish and Wild-life, based on the best scientific and commercial data available and for each listed salmonid spe-cies, issue estimates of the increase in through- Delta survival the Secretary expects to be achieved— (1) through restrictions on export pumping rates as specified by Action IV.2.3 as compared to limiting OMR flow to a fixed rate of ¥5,000 cubic feet per second within the time period Ac-tion IV.2.3 is applicable, based on a given rate of San Joaquin River inflow to the Delta and holding other relevant factors constant; (2) through San Joaquin River inflow to ex-port restrictions on export pumping rates speci-fied within Action IV.2.1 as compared to the re-strictions in the April/May period imposed by the State Water Resources Control Board deci-sion D–1641, based on a given rate of San Joa-quin River inflow to the Delta and holding other relevant factors constant; (3) through physical habitat restoration im-provements; (4) through predation control programs; (5) through the installation of temporary bar-riers, the management of Cross Channel Gates operations, and other projects affecting flow in the Delta; (6) through salvaging fish that have been en-trained near the entrance to Clifton Court Forebay; (7) through any other management measures that may provide equivalent or better protec-tions for listed species while maximizing export pumping rates without causing a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of a listed salmonid species; and (8) through development and implementation of conservation hatchery programs for salmon and steelhead to aid in the recovery of listed salmon and steelhead species. (f) SURVIVAL ESTIMATES .— (1) To the maximum extent practicable, the Assistant Administrator shall make quantitative estimates of survival such as a range of percent-age increases in through-Delta survival that could result from the management measures, and if the scientific information is lacking for quantitative estimates, shall do so on qualitative terms based upon the best available science. (2) If the Assistant Administrator provides qualitative survival estimates for a species re-sulting from one or more management measures, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent fea-sible, rank the management measures described in subsection (e) in terms of their most likely ex-pected contribution to increased through-Delta survival relative to the other measures. (3) If at the time the Assistant Administrator conducts the reviews under subsection (b), the Secretary has not issued an estimate of in-creased through-Delta survival from different management measures pursuant to subsection (e), the Secretary shall compare the protections to the species from different management meas-ures based on the best scientific and commercial data available at the time. (g) C
OMPARISON OF ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES  
FOR ALTERNATIVE MANAGEMENT MEASURES OF  E
QUIVALENT PROTECTION FOR A SPECIES .— (1) For the purposes of this subsection and subsection (c)— (A) the alternative management measure or combination of alternative management meas-ures identified in paragraph (2) shall be known as the ‘‘equivalent alternative measure’’; (B) the existing measure or measures identi-fied in subparagraphs (2) (A), (B), (C), or (D) shall be known as the ‘‘equivalent existing measure’’; and (C) an ‘‘equivalent increase in through-Delta survival rates for listed salmonid species’’ shall mean an increase in through-Delta survival rates that is equivalent when considering the change in through-Delta survival rates for the listed salmonid species in the aggregate, and not the same change for each individual species, as long as the change in survival rates will not cause a significant negative impact on the long- term survival of a listed salmonid species. (2) As part of the reviews of project operations pursuant to subsection (b), the Assistant Admin-istrator shall determine whether any alternative management measures or combination of alter-native management measures listed in sub-section (e) (3) through (8) would provide an in-crease in through-Delta survival rates for listed salmonid species that is equivalent to the in-crease in through-Delta survival rates for listed salmonid species from the following: (A) Through restrictions on export pumping rates as specified by Action IV.2.3, as compared to limiting OMR flow to a fixed rate of ¥5,000 cubic feet per second within the time period Ac-tion IV.2.3 is applicable. (B) Through restrictions on export pumping rates as specified by Action IV.2.3, as compared to a modification of Action IV.2.3 that would provide additional water supplies, other than that described in subparagraph (A). (C) Through San Joaquin River inflow to ex-port restrictions on export pumping rates speci-fied within Action IV.2.1, as compared to the re-strictions in the April/May period imposed by the State Water Resources Control Board deci-sion D–1641. (D) Through San Joaquin River inflow to ex-port restrictions on export pumping rates speci-fied within Action IV.2.1, as compared to a modification of Action IV.2.1 that would reduce water supply impacts of the salmonid biological opinion on the Central Valley Project and the California State Water Project, other than that described in subparagraph (C). (3) If the Assistant Administrator identifies an equivalent alternative measure pursuant to paragraph (2), the Assistant Administrator shall determine whether— (A) it is technically feasible and within Fed-eral jurisdiction to implement the equivalent al-ternative measure; (B) the State of California, or subdivision thereof, or local agency with jurisdiction has certified in writing within 10 calendar days to the Assistant Administrator that it has the au-thority and capability to implement the perti-nent equivalent alternative measure; or (C) the adverse consequences of doing so are less than the adverse consequences of the equiv-alent existing measure, including a concise eval-uation of the adverse consequences to other af-fected interests. (4) If the Assistant Administrator makes the determinations in subparagraph (3)(A) or (3)(B), the Commissioner shall adjust project operations to implement the equivalent alternative measure in place of the equivalent existing measure in order to increase export rates of pumping to the greatest extent possible while maintaining a net combined effect of equivalent through-Delta sur-vival rates for the listed salmonid species. (h) TRACKING ADVERSE EFFECTS BEYOND THE  R
ANGE OF EFFECTS ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE  S
ALMONID BIOLOGICAL OPINION AND COORDI -
NATED OPERATION WITH THE DELTA SMELT BIO-
LOGICAL OPINION .— (1) Among the adjustments to the project oper-ations considered through the adaptive manage-ment process under this section, the Assistant Administrator and the Commissioner shall— (A) evaluate the effects on listed salmonid spe-cies and water supply of the potential adjust-ment to operational criteria described in sub-paragraph (B); and (B) consider requiring that before some or all of the provisions of Actions IV.2.1. or IV.2.3 are imposed in any specific instance, the Assistant Administrator show that the implementation of these provisions in that specific instance is nec-essary to avoid a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of a listed salmonid spe-cies. (2) The Assistant Administrator, the Director, and the Commissioner, in coordination with State officials as appropriate, shall establish operational criteria to coordinate management of OMR flows under the smelt and salmonid bio-logical opinions, in order to take advantage of opportunities to provide additional water sup-plies from the coordinated implementation of the biological opinions. (3) The Assistant Administrator and the Com-missioner shall document the effects of any adaptive management decisions related to the coordinated operation of the smelt and salmonid biological opinions that prioritizes the mainte-nance of one species at the expense of the other. (i) R
EAL-TIME MONITORING AND MANAGE -
MENT .—Notwithstanding the calendar based triggers described in the salmonid biological opinion Reasonable and Prudent Alternative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3158 May 25, 2016 
(RPA), the Assistant Administrator and the Commissioner shall not limit OMR reverse flow to ¥5,000 cubic feet per second unless current monitoring data indicate that this OMR flow limitation is reasonably required to avoid a sig-nificant negative impact on the long-term sur-vival of a listed salmonid species. (j) E
VALUATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF  M
ANAGEMENT MEASURES .—If the quantitative estimates of through-Delta survival established by the Secretary for the adjustments in sub-section (b)(2) exceed the through-Delta survival established for the RPAs, the Secretary shall evaluate and implement the management meas-ures in subsection (b)(2) as a prerequisite to im-plementing the RPAs contained in the Salmonid Biological Opinion. (k) A
CCORDANCE WITHOTHER LAW.—Con- sistent with section 706 of title 5, United States Code, decisions of the Assistant Administrator and the Commissioner described in subsections (b) through (j) shall be made in writing, on the basis of best scientific and commercial data cur-rently available, and shall include an expla-nation of the data examined at the connection between those data and the decisions made. 
SEC. 1023. NON-FEDERAL PROGRAM TO PROTECT NATIVE ANADROMOUS FISH IN THE STANISLAUS RIVER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF NONNATIVE PREDATOR  F
ISHREMOVAL PROGRAM .—The Secretary and the districts, in consultation with the Director, shall jointly develop and conduct a nonnative predator fish removal program to remove non-native striped bass, smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, black bass, and other non-native predator fish species from the Stanislaus River. The program shall— (1) be scientifically based; (2) include methods to quantify the number and size of predator fish removed each year, the impact of such removal on the overall abun-dance of predator fish, and the impact of such removal on the populations of juvenile anad-romous fish found in the Stanislaus River by, among other things, evaluating the number of juvenile anadromous fish that migrate past the rotary screw trap located at Caswell; (3) among other methods, use wire fyke trap-ping, portable resistance board weirs, and boat electrofishing; and (4) be implemented as quickly as possible fol-lowing the issuance of all necessary scientific research. (b) M
ANAGEMENT .—The management of the program shall be the joint responsibility of the Secretary and the districts. Such parties shall work collaboratively to ensure the performance of the program, and shall discuss and agree upon, among other things, changes in the struc-ture, management, personnel, techniques, strat-egy, data collection, reporting, and conduct of the program. (c) C
ONDUCT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—By agreement between the Secretary and the districts, the program may be conducted by their own personnel, qualified pri-vate contractors hired by the districts, personnel of, on loan to, or otherwise assigned to the Na-tional Marine Fisheries Service, or a combina-tion thereof. (2) P
ARTICIPATION BY THE NATIONAL MARINE  
FISHERIES SERVICE .—If the districts elect to con-duct the program using their own personnel or qualified private contractors hired by them in accordance with paragraph (1), the Secretary may assign an employee of, on loan to, or other-wise assigned to the National Marine Fisheries Service, to be present for all activities performed in the field. Such presence shall ensure compli-ance with the agreed-upon elements specified in subsection (b). The districts shall pay the cost of such participation in accordance with sub-section (d). (3) T
IMING OF ELECTION .—The districts shall notify the Secretary of their election on or be-fore October 15 of each calendar year of the pro-gram. Such an election shall apply to the work performed in the subsequent calendar year. (d) FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The districts shall be respon-sible for 100 percent of the cost of the program. (2) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may accept and use contributions of funds from the districts to carry out activities under the pro-gram. (3) E
STIMATION OF COST .—On or before De-cember 1 of each year of the program, the Sec-retary shall submit to the districts an estimate of the cost to be incurred by the National Marine Fisheries Service for the program in the fol-lowing calendar year, if any, including the cost of any data collection and posting under sub-section (e). If an amount equal to the estimate is not provided through contributions pursuant to paragraph (2) before December 31 of that year— (A) the Secretary shall have no obligation to conduct the program activities otherwise sched-uled for such following calendar year until such amount is contributed by the districts; and (B) the districts may not conduct any aspect of the program until such amount is contributed by the districts. (4) A
CCOUNTING .—On or before September 1 of each year, the Secretary shall provide to the dis-tricts an accounting of the costs incurred by the Secretary for the program in the preceding cal-endar year. If the amount contributed by the districts pursuant to paragraph (2) for that year was greater than the costs incurred by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall— (A) apply the excess contributions to costs of activities to be performed by the Secretary under the program, if any, in the next calendar year; or (B) if no such activities are to be performed, repay the excess contribution to the districts. (e) P
OSTING AND EVALUATION .—On or before the 15th day of each month, the Secretary shall post on the Internet website of the National Ma-rine Fisheries Service a tabular summary of the raw data collected under the program in the preceding month. (f) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The program is hereby found to be consistent with the requirements of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575). No provision, plan or defi-nition established or required by the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575) shall be used to prohibit the imposition of the program, or to prevent the accomplish-ment of its goals. (g) T
REATMENT OF STRIPED BASS.—For pur- poses of the application of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575) with respect to the program, striped bass shall not be treated as anadromous fish. (h) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘districts’’ means the Oakdale Ir-rigation District and the South San Joaquin Ir-rigation District, California. 
SEC. 1024. PILOT PROJECTS TO IMPLEMENT CALFED INVASIVE SPECIES PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2017, the Secretary of the Interior, in collabora-tion with the Secretary of Commerce, the Direc-tor of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, and other relevant agencies and inter-ested parties, shall begin pilot projects to imple-ment the invasive species control program au-thorized pursuant to section 103(d)(6)(A)(iv) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1690). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot projects shall— (1) seek to reduce invasive aquatic vegetation, predators, and other competitors which con-tribute to the decline of native listed pelagic and anadromous species that occupy the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers and their tributaries and the Sacramento-San Joaquin Bay-Delta; and (2) remove, reduce, or control the effects of species, including Asiatic clams, silversides, gobies, Brazilian water weed, water hyacinth, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, striped bass, crappie, bluegill, white and channel catfish, and brown bullheads. (c) SUNSET .—The authorities provided under this subsection shall expire seven years after the Secretaries commence implementation of the pilot projects pursuant to subsection (a). (d) E
MERGENCY ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— To expedite the environmentally beneficial pro-grams for the conservation of threatened and endangered species, the Secretaries shall consult with the Council on Environmental Quality in accordance with section 1506.11 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), to develop alternative arrangements to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for the projects pursuant to subsection (a). Subtitle C—OPERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY AND DROUGHT RELIEF 
SEC. 1031. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
ENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Central Valley Project’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3403 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4707). (2) R
ECLAMATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Rec-lamation Project’’ means a project constructed pursuant to the authorities of the reclamation laws and whose facilities are wholly or partially located in the State. (3) S
ECRETARIES .—The term ‘‘Secretaries’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture; (B) the Secretary of Commerce; and (C) the Secretary of the Interior. (4) S
TATE WATER PROJECT .—The term ‘‘State Water Project’’ means the water project de-scribed by California Water Code section 11550 et seq. and operated by the California Depart-ment of Water Resources. (5) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of California. 
SEC. 1032. OPERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY IN TIMES OF DROUGHT. 
(a) W ATER SUPPLIES .—For the period of time such that in any year that the Sacramento Val-ley Index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, the Secretaries shall pro-vide the maximum quantity of water supplies practicable to all individuals or district who re-ceive Central Valley Project water under water service or repayments contracts, water rights settlement contracts, exchange contracts, or ref-uge contracts or agreements entered into prior to or after the date of enactment of this title; State Water Project contractors, and any other tribe, locality, water agency, or municipality in the State, by approving, consistent with applicable laws (including regulations), projects and oper-ations to provide additional water supplies as quickly as practicable based on available infor-mation to address the emergency conditions. (b) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretaries shall, consistent with applicable laws (including regulations)— (1) issue all necessary permit decisions under the authority of the Secretaries not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretaries re-ceive a completed application from the State to place and use temporary barriers or operable gates in Delta channels to improve water quan-tity and quality for the State Water Project and the Central Valley Project south of Delta water contractors and other water users, on the condi-tion that the barriers or operable gates— (A) do not result in a significant negative im-pact on the long-term survival of listed species within the Delta and provide benefits or have a neutral impact on in-Delta water user water quality; and (B) are designed so that formal consultations under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) are not necessary; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3159 May 25, 2016 
(2) require the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Commissioner of Reclamation— (A) to complete, not later than 30 days after the date on which the Director or the Commis-sioner receives a complete written request for water transfer, all requirements under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) necessary to make final permit decisions on the request; and (B) to approve any water transfer request de-scribed in subparagraph (A) to maximize the quantity of water supplies available for non-habitat uses, on the condition that actions asso-ciated with the water transfer comply with ap-plicable Federal laws (including regulations); (3) adopt a 1:1 inflow to export ratio, as meas-ured as a 3-day running average at Vernalis during the period beginning on April 1, and ending on May 31, absent a determination in writing that a more restrictive inflow to export ratio is required to avoid a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of a listed salmonid species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); provided that the 1:1 inflow to export ratio shall apply for the increment of increased flow of the San Joaquin River resulting from the voluntary sale, trans-fers, or exchanges of water from agencies with rights to divert water from the San Joaquin River or its tributaries and provided that the movement of the acquired, transferred, or ex-changed water through the Delta consistent with the Central Valley Project’s and the State Water Project’s permitted water rights and pro-vided that movement of the Central Valley Project water is consistent with the require-ments of section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act; and (4) allow and facilitate, consistent with exist-ing priorities, water transfers through the C.W. ‘‘Bill’’ Jones Pumping Plant or the Harvey O. Banks Pumping Plant from April 1 to November 30 provided water transfers comply with State law, including the California Environmental Quality Act. (c) A
CCELERATED PROJECT DECISION AND ELE-
VATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On request by the Governor of the State, the Secretaries shall use the expe-dited procedures under this subsection to make final decisions relating to a Federal project or operation, or to local or State projects or oper-ations that require decisions by the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Commerce to provide additional water supplies if the project’s or operation’s purpose is to provide relief for emergency drought conditions pursuant to sub-sections (a) and (b). (2) R
EQUEST FOR RESOLUTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—On request by the Governor of the State, the Secretaries referenced in para-graph (1), or the head of another Federal agen-cy responsible for carrying out a review of a project, as applicable, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall convene a final project decision meet-ing with the heads of all relevant Federal agen-cies to decide whether to approve a project to provide relief for emergency drought conditions. (B) M
EETING .—The Secretary of the Interior shall convene a meeting requested under sub-paragraph (A) not later than 7 days after the date on which the meeting request is received. (3) N
OTIFICATION .—On receipt of a request for a meeting under paragraph (2), the Secretary of the Interior shall notify the heads of all rel-evant Federal agencies of the request, including information on the project to be reviewed and the date of the meeting. (4) D
ECISION .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which a meeting is requested under paragraph (2), the head of the relevant Federal agency shall issue a final decision on the project, subject to subsection (e)(2). (5) M
EETING CONVENED BY SECRETARY .—The Secretary of the Interior may convene a final project decision meeting under this subsection at any time, at the discretion of the Secretary, re-gardless of whether a meeting is requested under paragraph (2). (d) APPLICATION .—To the extent that a Fed-eral agency, other than the agencies headed by the Secretaries, has a role in approving projects described in subsections (a) and (b), this section shall apply to those Federal agencies. (e) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section au-thorizes the Secretaries to approve projects— (1) that would otherwise require congressional authorization; or (2) without following procedures required by applicable law. (f) D
ROUGHT PLAN.—For the period of time such that in any year that the Sacramento Val-ley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, the Secretaries of Com-merce and the Interior, in consultation with ap-propriate State officials, shall develop a drought operations plan that is consistent with the pro-visions of this Act including the provisions that are intended to provide additional water sup-plies that could be of assistance during the cur-rent drought. 
SEC. 1033. OPERATION OF CROSS-CHANNEL GATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly— (1) authorize and implement activities to en-sure that the Delta Cross Channel Gates remain open to the maximum extent practicable using findings from the United States Geological Sur-vey on diurnal behavior of juvenile salmonids, timed to maximize the peak flood tide period and provide water supply and water quality benefits for the duration of the drought emergency dec-laration of the State, and for the period of time such that in any year that the Sacramento Val-ley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, consistent with oper-ational criteria and monitoring criteria set forth into the Order Approving a Temporary Urgency Change in License and Permit Terms in Re-sponse to Drought Conditions of the California State Water Resources Control Board, effective January 31, 2014 (or a successor order) and other authorizations associated with it; (2) with respect to the operation of the Delta Cross Channel Gates described in paragraph (1), collect data on the impact of that operation on— (A) species listed as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (B) water quality; and (C) water supply; (3) collaborate with the California Department of Water Resources to install a deflection barrier at Georgiana Slough in coordination with Delta Cross Channel Gate diurnal operations to pro-tect migrating salmonids, consistent with knowl-edge gained from activities carried out during 2014 and 2015; (4) evaluate the combined salmonid survival in light of activities carried out pursuant to para-graphs (1) through (3) in deciding how to oper-ate the Delta Cross Channel gates to enhance salmonid survival and water supply benefits; and (5) not later than May 15, 2016, submit to the appropriate committees of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate a notice and expla-nation on the extent to which the gates are able to remain open. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—After assessing the information collected under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall recommend revi-sions to the operation of the Delta Cross-Chan-nel Gates, to the Central Valley Project, and to the State Water Project, including, if appro-priate, any reasonable and prudent alternative contained in the biological opinion issued by the National Marine Fisheries Service on June 4, 2009, that are likely to produce water supply benefits without causing a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the listed fish species within the Delta or on water qual-ity. SEC. 1034. FLEXIBILITY FOR EXPORT/INFLOW RATIO. 
For the period of time such that in any year that the Sacramento Valley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, the Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation shall continue to vary the averaging period of the Delta Export/Inflow ratio pursuant to the California State Water Resources Control Board decision D1641— (1) to operate to a 35-percent Export/Inflow ratio with a 3-day averaging period on the ris-ing limb of a Delta inflow hydrograph; and (2) to operate to a 14-day averaging period on the falling limb of the Delta inflow hydrograph. 
SEC. 1035. EMERGENCY ENVIRONMENTAL RE-VIEWS. 
(a) NEPA C OMPLIANCE .—To minimize the time spent carrying out environmental reviews and to deliver water quickly that is needed to address emergency drought conditions in the State dur-ing the duration of an emergency drought dec-laration, the Secretaries shall, in carrying out this Act, consult with the Council on Environ-mental Quality in accordance with section 1506.11 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (including successor regulations), to develop al-ternative arrangements to comply with the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) during the emergency. (b) D
ETERMINATIONS .—For the purposes of this section, a Secretary may deem a project to be in compliance with all necessary environ-mental regulations and reviews if the Secretary determines that the immediate implementation of the project is necessary to address— (1) human health and safety; or (2) a specific and imminent loss of agriculture production upon which an identifiable region depends for 25 percent or more of its tax revenue used to support public services including schools, fire or police services, city or county health facilities, unemployment services or other associated social services. 
SEC. 1036. INCREASED FLEXIBILITY FOR REG-ULAR PROJECT OPERATIONS. 
The Secretaries shall, consistent with applica-ble laws (including regulations)— (1) in coordination with the California De-partment of Water Resources and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, implement off-site upstream projects in the Delta and upstream of the Sacramento River and San Joaquin basins that offset the effects on species listed as threat-ened or endangered under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) due to ac-tivities carried out pursuant this Act, as deter-mined by the Secretaries; (2) manage reverse flow in the Old and Middle Rivers at ¥6,100 cubic feet per second if real- time monitoring indicates that flows of ¥6,100 cubic feet per second or more negative can be es-tablished for specific periods without causing a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the Delta smelt, or if real-time moni-toring does not support flows of ¥6,100 cubic feet per second than manage OMR flows at ¥5,000 cubic feet per second subject to section 1013(e)(3) and (4); and (3) use all available scientific tools to identify any changes to real-time operations of the Bu-reau of Reclamation, State, and local water projects that could result in the availability of additional water supplies. 
SEC. 1037. TEMPORARY OPERATIONAL FLEXI-BILITY FOR FIRST FEW STORMS OF THE WATER YEAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with avoiding a significant negative impact on the long-term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3160 May 25, 2016 
survival in the short term upon listed fish spe-cies beyond the range of those authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 and other environmental protections under subsection (e), the Secretaries shall authorize the Central Val-ley Project and the State Water Project, com-bined, to operate at levels that result in negative OMR flows at ¥7,500 cubic feet per second (based on United States Geological Survey gauges on Old and Middle Rivers) daily average for 56 cumulative days after October 1 as de-scribed in subsection (c). (b) D
AYS OF TEMPORARY OPERATIONAL FLEXI-
BILITY .—The temporary operational flexibility described in subsection (a) shall be authorized on days that the California Department of Water Resources determines the daily average river flow of the Sacramento River is at, or above, 17,000 cubic feet per second as measured at the Sacramento River at Freeport gauge maintained by the United States Geologic Sur-vey. (c) C
OMPLIANCE WITHENDANGERED SPECIES  A
CTAUTHORIZATIONS .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretaries may continue to impose any requirements under the smelt and salmonid bio-logical opinions during any period of temporary operational flexibility as they determine are rea-sonably necessary to avoid an additional signifi-cant negative impacts on the long-term survival of a listed fish species beyond the range of those authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, provided that the requirements imposed do not reduce water supplies available for the Cen-tral Valley Project and the State Water Project. (d) O
THER ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTIONS .— (1) S
TATE LAW .—The Secretaries’ actions under this section shall be consistent with appli-cable regulatory requirements under State law. (2) F
IRST SEDIMENT FLUSH .—During the first flush of sediment out of the Delta in each water year, and provided that such determination is based upon objective evidence, OMR flow may be managed at rates less negative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second for a minimum duration to avoid movement of adult Delta smelt (Hypomesus transpacificus) to areas in the southern Delta that would be likely to increase entrainment at Central Valley Project and State Water Project pumping plants. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF OPINION .—This section shall not affect the application of the salmonid biological opinion from April 1 to May 31, unless the Secretary of Commerce finds that some or all of such applicable requirements may be adjusted during this time period to provide emergency water supply relief without resulting in addi-tional adverse effects beyond those authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. In addition to any other actions to benefit water supply, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall consider allowing through-Delta water transfers to occur during this period if they can be accomplished con-sistent with section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. Water transfers solely or exclusively through the State Water Project are not required to be consistent with section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. (4) M
ONITORING .—During operations under this section, the Commissioner of Reclamation, in coordination with the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, National Marine Fisheries Service, and California Department of Fish and Wildlife, shall undertake a monitoring program and other data gathering to ensure incidental take levels are not exceeded, and to identify potential nega-tive impacts and actions, if any, necessary to mitigate impacts of the temporary operational flexibility to species listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (e) T
ECHNICAL ADJUSTMENTS TO TARGET PE-
RIOD.—If, before temporary operational flexi-bility has been implemented on 56 cumulative days, the Secretaries operate the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project combined at levels that result in OMR flows less negative than ¥7,500 cubic feet per second during days of temporary operational flexibility as defined in subsection (c), the duration of such operation shall not be counted toward the 56 cumulative days specified in subsection (a). (f) EMERGENCY CONSULTATION ; EFFECT ON  R
UNNING AVERAGES .— (1) If necessary to implement the provisions of this section, the Commissioner is authorized to take any action necessary to implement this sec-tion for up to 56 cumulative days. If during the 56 cumulative days the Commissioner determines that actions necessary to implement this section will exceed 56 days, the Commissioner shall use the emergency consultation procedures under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 and its im-plementing regulation at section 402.05 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, to temporarily adjust the operating criteria under the biologi-cal opinions— (A) solely for extending beyond the 56 cumu-lative days for additional days of temporary operational flexibility— (i) no more than necessary to achieve the pur-poses of this section consistent with the environ-mental protections in subsections (d) and (e); and (ii) including, as appropriate, adjustments to ensure that the actual flow rates during the pe-riods of temporary operational flexibility do not count toward the 5-day and 14-day running averages of tidally filtered daily OMR flow re-quirements under the biological opinions, or (B) for other adjustments to operating criteria or to take other urgent actions to address water supply shortages for the least amount of time or volume of diversion necessary as determined by the Commissioner. (2) Following the conclusion of the 56 cumu-lative days of temporary operational flexibility, or the extended number of days covered by the emergency consultation procedures, the Commis-sioner shall not reinitiate consultation on these adjusted operations, and no mitigation shall be required, if the effects on listed fish species of these operations under this section remain with-in the range of those authorized under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). If the Commissioner reinitiates consulta-tion, no mitigation measures shall be required. (g) L
EVEL OF DETAIL REQUIRED FOR ANAL-
YSIS.—In articulating the determinations re-quired under this section, the Secretaries shall fully satisfy the requirements herein but shall not be expected to provide a greater level of sup-porting detail for the analysis than feasible to provide within the short timeframe permitted for timely decisionmaking in response to changing conditions in the Delta. 
SEC. 1038. EXPEDITING WATER TRANSFERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3405(a) of the Cen-tral Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4709(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as paragraphs (4) through (6), respectively; (2) in the matter preceding paragraph (4) (as so designated)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘In order to’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Ex-cept as provided herein’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) T
ERMS .—Except as otherwise provided in this section’’; (3) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as so designated) the following: ‘‘(2) E
XPEDITED TRANSFER OF WATER .—The Secretary shall take all necessary actions to fa-cilitate and expedite transfers of Central Valley Project water in accordance with— ‘‘(A) this Act; ‘‘(B) any other applicable provision of the rec-lamation laws; and ‘‘(C) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; (4) in paragraph (4) (as so designated)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to com-bination’’ and inserting ‘‘or combination’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘3405(a)(2) of this title’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(5)’’; (5) in paragraph (5) (as so designated), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) The contracting district from which the water is coming, the agency, or the Secretary shall determine if a written transfer proposal is complete within 45 days after the date of sub-mission of the proposal. If the contracting dis-trict or agency or the Secretary determines that the proposal is incomplete, the district or agency or the Secretary shall state with specificity what must be added to or revised for the proposal to be complete.’’; and (6) in paragraph (6) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘3405(a)(1)(A)–(C), (E), (G), (H), (I), (L), and (M) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) through (C), (E), (G), (H), (I), (L), and (M) of paragraph (4)’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575) is amended— (1) in section 3407(c)(1) (106 Stat. 4726), by striking ‘‘3405(a)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘3405(a)(4)(C)’’; and (2) in section 3408(i)(1) (106 Stat. 4729), by striking ‘‘3405(a)(1) (A) and (J) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) and (J) of section 3405(a)(4)’’. 
SEC. 1039. ADDITIONAL EMERGENCY CONSULTA-TION. 
For adjustments to operating criteria other than under section 1038 of this subtitle or to take urgent actions to address water supply shortages for the least amount of time or volume of diversion necessary as determined by the Commissioner of Reclamation, no mitigation measures shall be required during any year that the Sacramento Valley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, and any mitigation measures imposed must be based on quantitative data and required only to the extent that such data demonstrates actual harm to species. 
SEC. 1040. ADDITIONAL STORAGE AT NEW MELONES. 
The Commissioner of Reclamation is directed to work with local water and irrigation districts in the Stanislaus River Basin to ascertain the water storage made available by the Draft Plan of Operations in New Melones Reservoir (DRPO) for water conservation programs, con-junctive use projects, water transfers, resched-uled project water and other projects to maxi-mize water storage and ensure the beneficial use of the water resources in the Stanislaus River Basin. All such programs and projects shall be implemented according to all applicable laws and regulations. The source of water for any such storage program at New Melones Reservoir shall be made available under a valid water right, consistent with the State of California water transfer guidelines and any other appli-cable State water law. The Commissioner shall inform the Congress within 18 months setting forth the amount of storage made available by the DRPO that has been put to use under this program, including proposals received by the Commissioner from interested parties for the purpose of this section. 
SEC. 1041. REGARDING THE OPERATION OF FOL-SOM RESERVOIR. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in collaboration with the Sacramento Water Forum, shall expe-dite evaluation, completion and implementation of the Modified Lower American River Flow Management Standard developed by the Water Forum in 2015 to improve water supply reli-ability for Central Valley Project American River water contractors and resource protection in the lower American River during consecutive dry-years under current and future demand and climate change conditions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3161 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 1042. APPLICANTS. 
In the event that the Bureau of Reclamation or another Federal agency initiates or reiniti-ates consultation with the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service or the National Marine Fisheries Service under section 7(a)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)), with respect to construction or operation of the Cen-tral Valley Project and State Water Project, or any part thereof, the State Water Project con-tractors and the Central Valley Project contrac-tors will be accorded all the rights and respon-sibilities extended to applicants in the consulta-tion process. 
SEC. 1043. SAN JOAQUIN RIVER SETTLEMENT. 
(a) C ALIFORNIA STATE LAWSATISFIED BY  W
ARMWATER FISHERY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Sections 5930 through 5948 of the California Fish and Game Code, and all ap-plicable Federal laws, including the San Joa-quin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) and the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of Cali-fornia, No. Civ. S–88–1658–LKK/GGH), shall be satisfied by the existence of a warm water fish-ery in the San Joaquin River below Friant Dam, but upstream of Gravelly Ford. (2) D
EFINITION OF WARM WATER FISHERY .—For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘warm water fishery’’ means a water system that has an environment suitable for species of fish other than salmon (including all subspecies) and trout (including all subspecies). (b) R
EPEAL OF THE SANJOAQUIN RIVER SET-
TLEMENT .—As of the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of the Interior shall cease any action to implement the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (subtitle A of title X of Public Law 111–11) and the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. Civ. S–88–1658 LKK/GGH). 
SEC. 1044. PROGRAM FOR WATER RESCHEDULING. 
By December 31, 2015, the Secretary of the In-terior shall develop and implement a program, including rescheduling guidelines for Shasta and Folsom Reservoirs, to allow existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractors within the Sacramento River Water-shed, and refuge service and municipal and in-dustrial water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed and the American River Watershed to reschedule water, provided for under their Central Valley Project contracts, from one year to the next; provided, that the program is consistent with existing rescheduling guidelines as utilized by the Bureau of Reclama-tion for rescheduling water for Central Valley Project water service contractors that are lo-cated South of the Delta. Subtitle D—CALFED STORAGE FEASIBILITY STUDIES 
SEC. 1051. STUDIES. 
The Secretary of the Interior, through the Commissioner of Reclamation, shall— (1) complete the feasibility studies described in clauses (i)(I) and (ii)(II) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1684) and sub-mit such studies to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than December 31, 2015; (2) complete the feasibility study described in clause (i)(II) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 and submit such study to the ap-propriate committees of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2016; (3) complete a publicly available draft of the feasibility study described in clause (ii)(I) of sec-tion 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 and sub-mit such study to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2016; (4) complete the feasibility study described in clause (ii)(I) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 and submit such study to the ap-propriate committees of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2017; (5) complete the feasibility study described in section 103(f)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1694) and submit such study to the appro-priate Committees of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate not later than December 31, 2017; (6) provide a progress report on the status of the feasibility studies referred to in paragraphs (1) through (3) to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and each 180 days thereafter until December 31, 2017, as applicable. The re-port shall include timelines for study comple-tion, draft environmental impact statements, final environmental impact statements, and Records of Decision; (7) in conducting any feasibility study under this Act, the reclamation laws, the Central Val-ley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706), the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and other applicable law, for the purposes of determining feasibility the Secretary shall document, delineate, and publish costs di-rectly relating to the engineering and construc-tion of a water storage project separately from the costs resulting from regulatory compliance or the construction of auxiliary facilities nec-essary to achieve regulatory compliance; and (8) communicate, coordinate and cooperate with public water agencies that contract with the United States for Central Valley Project water and that are expected to participate in the cost pools that will be created for the projects proposed in the feasibility studies under this section. SEC. 1052. TEMPERANCE FLAT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘Project’’ means the Temperance Flat Reservoir Project on the Upper San Joaquin River. (2) RMP.—The term ‘‘RMP’’ means the docu-ment titled ‘‘Bakersfield Field Office, Record of Decision and Approved Resource Management Plan,’’ dated December 2014. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF RMP.—The RMP and findings related thereto shall have no effect on or applicability to the Secretary’s determination of feasibility of, or on any findings or environ-mental review documents related to— (1) the Project; or (2) actions taken by the Secretary pursuant to section 103(d)(1)(A)(ii)(II) of the Bay-Delta Au-thorization Act (title I of Public Law 108–361). (c) D
UTIES OF SECRETARY UPONDETERMINA -
TION OF FEASIBILITY .—If the Secretary finds the Project to be feasible, the Secretary shall man-age the land recommended in the RMP for des-ignation under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) in a manner that does not impede any environmental reviews, preconstruction, construction, or other activities of the Project, regardless of whether or not the Secretary submits any official recommendation to Congress under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act. (d) R
ESERVED WATER RIGHTS .—Effective De-cember 22, 2014, there shall be no Federal re-served water rights to any segment of the San Joaquin River related to the Project as a result of any designation made under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.). 
SEC. 1053. CALFED STORAGE ACCOUNTABILITY. 
If the Secretary of the Interior fails to provide the feasibility studies described in section 1051 to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the times pre-scribed, the Secretary shall notify each com-mittee chair individually in person on the status of each project once a month until the feasi-bility study for that project is provided to Con-gress. SEC. 1054. WATER STORAGE PROJECT CONSTRUC-TION. 
(a) P ARTNERSHIP AND AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the Interior, acting through the Com-missioner of the Bureau of Reclamation, may partner or enter into an agreement on the water storage projects identified in section 103(d)(1) of the Water Supply Reliability and Environmental Improvement Act (Public Law 108–361) (and Acts supplemental and amendatory to the Act) with local joint powers authorities formed pur-suant to State law by irrigation districts and other local water districts and local governments within the applicable hydrologic region, to ad-vance those projects. (b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR PROJECT .—If the Sec-retary determines a project described in section 1052(a)(1) and (2) is feasible, the Secretary is au-thorized to carry out the project in a manner that is substantially in accordance with the rec-ommended plan, and subject to the conditions described in the feasibility study, provided that no Federal funding shall be used to construct the project. Subtitle E—WATER RIGHTS PROTECTIONS 
SEC. 1061. OFFSET FOR STATE WATER PROJECT. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION IMPACTS .—The Secretary of the Interior shall confer with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in connection with the implementation of this Act on potential impacts to any consistency determination for operations of the State Water Project issued pursuant to California Fish and Game Code sec-tion 2080.1. (b) A
DDITIONAL YIELD.—If, as a result of the application of this Act, the California Depart-ment of Fish and Wildlife— (1) revokes the consistency determinations pursuant to California Fish and Game Code sec-tion 2080.1 that are applicable to the State Water Project; (2) amends or issues one or more new consist-ency determinations pursuant to California Fish and Game Code section 2080.1 in a manner that directly or indirectly results in reduced water supply to the State Water Project as compared with the water supply available under the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion; or (3) requires take authorization under Cali-fornia Fish and Game Code section 2081 for op-eration of the State Water Project in a manner that directly or indirectly results in reduced water supply to the State Water Project as com-pared with the water supply available under the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid bio-logical opinion, and as a consequence of the De-partment’s action, Central Valley Project yield is greater than it would have been absent the Department’s actions, then that additional yield shall be made available to the State Water Project for delivery to State Water Project con-tractors to offset losses resulting from the De-partment’s action. (c) N
OTIFICATION RELATED TO ENVIRON -
MENTAL PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall immediately notify the Director of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in writing if the Secretary of the Interior deter-mines that implementation of the smelt biologi-cal opinion and the salmonid biological opinion consistent with this Act reduces environmental protections for any species covered by the opin-ions. 
SEC. 1062. AREA OF ORIGIN PROTECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior is directed, in the operation of the Central Valley Project, to adhere to California’s water rights laws governing water rights priorities and to honor water rights senior to those held by the United States for operation of the Central Val-ley Project, regardless of the source of priority, including any appropriative water rights initi-ated prior to December 19, 1914, as well as water 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3162 May 25, 2016 
rights and other priorities perfected or to be per-fected pursuant to California Water Code Part 2 of Division 2. Article 1.7 (commencing with sec-tion 1215 of chapter 1 of part 2 of division 2, sec-tions 10505, 10505.5, 11128, 11460, 11461, 11462, and 11463, and sections 12200 to 12220, inclu-sive). (b) D
IVERSIONS .—Any action undertaken by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce pursuant to both this Act and sec-tion 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) that requires that diversions from the Sacramento River or the San Joaquin River watersheds upstream of the Delta be by-passed shall not be undertaken in a manner that alters the water rights priorities established by California law. (c) E
NDANGERED SPECIES ACT.—Nothing in this subtitle alters the existing authorities pro-vided to and obligations placed upon the Fed-eral Government under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), as amended. (d) C
ONTRACTS .—With respect to individuals and entities with water rights on the Sac-ramento River, the mandates of this section may be met, in whole or in part, through a contract with the Secretary of the Interior executed pur-suant to section 14 of Public Law 76–260; 53 Stat. 1187 (43 U.S.C. 389) that is in conformance with the Sacramento River Settlement Contracts renewed by the Secretary of the Interior in 2005. 
SEC. 1063. NO REDIRECTED ADVERSE IMPACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior shall ensure that, except as otherwise pro-vided for in a water service or repayment con-tract, actions taken in compliance with legal ob-ligations imposed pursuant to or as a result of this Act, including such actions under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) and other applicable Federal and State laws, shall not directly or indirectly— (1) result in the involuntary reduction of water supply or fiscal impacts to individuals or districts who receive water from either the State Water Project or the United States under water rights settlement contracts, exchange contracts, water service contracts, repayment contracts, or water supply contracts; or (2) cause redirected adverse water supply or fiscal impacts to those within the Sacramento River watershed, the San Joaquin River water-shed or the State Water Project service area. (b) C
OSTS.—To the extent that costs are in-curred solely pursuant to or as a result of this Act and would not otherwise have been incurred by any entity or public or local agency or sub-division of the State of California, such costs shall not be borne by any such entity, agency, or subdivision of the State of California, unless such costs are incurred on a voluntary basis. (c) R
IGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS NOTMODIFIED  
ORAMENDED .—Nothing in this Act shall modify or amend the rights and obligations of the par-ties to any existing— (1) water service, repayment, settlement, pur-chase, or exchange contract with the United States, including the obligation to satisfy ex-change contracts and settlement contracts prior to the allocation of any other Central Valley Project water; or (2) State Water Project water supply or settle-ment contract with the State. 
SEC. 1064. ALLOCATIONS FOR SACRAMENTO VAL-LEY CONTRACTORS. 
(a) A LLOCATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and subsection (b), the Secretary of the Interior is directed, in the operation of the Central Valley Project, to allocate water provided for irrigation purposes to existing Central Valley Project agri-cultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed in compliance with the following: (A) Not less than 100 percent of their contract quantities in a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (B) Not less than 100 percent of their contract quantities in an ‘‘Above Normal’’ year. (C) Not less than 100 percent of their contract quantities in a ‘‘Below Normal’’ year that is preceded by an ‘‘Above Normal’’ or a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (D) Not less than 50 percent of their contract quantities in a ‘‘Dry’’ year that is preceded by a ‘‘Below Normal,’’ an ‘‘Above Normal,’’ or a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (E) In all other years not identified herein, the allocation percentage for existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractors within the Sacramento River Watershed shall not be less than twice the allocation per-centage to south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors, up to 100 percent; provided, that nothing herein shall pre-clude an allocation to existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed that is greater than twice the allocation percentage to south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricul-tural water service contractors. (2) CONDITIONS .—The Secretary’s actions under paragraph (a) shall be subject to— (A) the priority of individuals or entities with Sacramento River water rights, including those with Sacramento River Settlement Contracts, that have priority to the diversion and use of Sacramento River water over water rights held by the United States for operations of the Cen-tral Valley Project; (B) the United States obligation to make a substitute supply of water available to the San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors; and (C) the Secretary’s obligation to make water available to managed wetlands pursuant to sec-tion 3406(d) of the Central Valley Project Im-provement Act (Public Law 102–575). (b) P
ROTECTION OF MUNICIPAL AND INDUS-
TRIAL SUPPLIES .—Nothing in subsection (a) shall be deemed to— (1) modify any provision of a water service contract that addresses municipal and indus-trial water shortage policies of the Secretary; (2) affect or limit the authority of the Sec-retary to adopt or modify municipal and indus-trial water shortage policies; (3) affect or limit the authority of the Sec-retary to implement municipal and industrial water shortage policies; or (4) affect allocations to Central Valley Project municipal and industrial contractors pursuant to such policies. Neither subsection (a) nor the Secretary’s imple-mentation of subsection (a) shall constrain, gov-ern or affect, directly, the operations of the Cen-tral Valley Project’s American River Division or any deliveries from that Division, its units or fa-cilities. (c) N
OEFFECT ON ALLOCATIONS .—This section shall not— (1) affect the allocation of water to Friant Di-vision contractors; or (2) result in the involuntary reduction in con-tract water allocations to individuals or entities with contracts to receive water from the Friant Division. (d) P
ROGRAM FOR WATER RESCHEDULING .— The Secretary of the Interior shall develop and implement a program, not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, to provide for the opportunity for existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed to re-schedule water, provided for under their Central Valley Project water service contracts, from one year to the next. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed’’ means water service contractors within the Shasta, Trinity, and Sacramento River Divisions of the Central Valley Project, that have a water service con-tract in effect, on the date of the enactment of this section, that provides water for irrigation. (2) The year type terms used in subsection (a) have the meaning given those year types in the Sacramento Valley Water Year Type (40–30–30) Index. SEC. 1065. EFFECT ON EXISTING OBLIGATIONS. 
Nothing in this Act preempts or modifies any existing obligation of the United States under Federal reclamation law to operate the Central Valley Project in conformity with State law, in-cluding established water rights priorities. Subtitle F—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 1071. AUTHORIZED SERVICE AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authorized service area of the Central Valley Project authorized under the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706) shall in-clude the area within the boundaries of the Kettleman City Community Services District, California, as in existence on the date of enact-ment of this Act. (b) L
ONG-TERMCONTRACT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706) and subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of the Interior, in accordance with the Federal reclamation laws, shall enter into a long-term contract with the Kettleman City Community Services District, California, under terms and conditions mutually agreeable to the parties, for the delivery of up to 900 acre- feet of Central Valley Project water for munic-ipal and industrial use. (2) L
IMITATION .—Central Valley Project water deliveries authorized under the contract entered into under paragraph (1) shall be limited to the minimal quantity necessary to meet the imme-diate needs of the Kettleman City Community Services District, California, in the event that local supplies or State Water Project allocations are insufficient to meet those needs. (c) P
ERMIT .—The Secretary shall apply for a permit with the State for a joint place of use for water deliveries authorized under the contract entered into under subsection (b) with respect to the expanded service area under subsection (a), consistent with State law. (d) A
DDITIONAL COSTS.—If any additional in-frastructure, water treatment, or related costs are needed to implement this section, those costs shall be the responsibility of the non-Federal entity. 
SEC. 1072. OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR RESTORATION FUND. 
(a) P LAN; ADVISORY BOARD .—Section 3407 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4726) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) P
LAN ON EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, the Secretary, in consultation with the Advisory Board, shall submit to Congress a plan for the expenditure of all of the funds deposited into the Restoration Fund during the preceding fis-cal year. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan shall include an analysis of the cost-effectiveness of each ex-penditure. ‘‘(h) A
DVISORY BOARD .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Restoration Fund Advisory Board (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Board’), which shall be composed of 11 members appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ap-point members to the Advisory Board that rep-resent the various Central Valley Project stake-holders, of whom— ‘‘(i) 4 members shall be agricultural users of the Central Valley Project, including at least one agricultural user from north-of-the-Delta and one agricultural user from south-of-the- Delta; ‘‘(ii) 2 members shall be municipal and indus-trial users of the Central Valley Project, includ-ing one municipal and industrial user from north-of-the-Delta and one municipal and in-dustrial user from south-of-the-Delta; ‘‘(iii) 2 members shall be power contractors of the Central Valley Project, including at least 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3163 May 25, 2016 
one power contractor from north-of-the-Delta and from south-of-the-Delta; ‘‘(iv) 1 member shall be a representative of a Federal national wildlife refuge that contracts for Central Valley Project water supplies with the Bureau of Reclamation; ‘‘(v) 1 member shall have expertise in the eco-nomic impacts of the changes to water oper-ations; and ‘‘(vi) 1 member shall be a representative of a wildlife entity that primarily focuses on water-fowl. ‘‘(B) O
BSERVER .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of Commerce may each designate a rep-resentative to act as an observer of the Advisory Board. ‘‘(C) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall appoint 1 of the members described in subparagraph (A) to serve as Chair of the Advisory Board. ‘‘(3) T
ERMS .—The term of each member of the Advisory Board shall be 4 years. ‘‘(4) D
ATE OF APPOINTMENTS .—The appoint-ment of a member of the Panel shall be made not later than— ‘‘(A) the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a vacancy on the Panel de-scribed in subsection (c)(2), the date that is 120 days after the date on which the vacancy oc-curs. ‘‘(5) V
ACANCIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A vacancy on the Panel shall be filled in the manner in which the origi-nal appointment was made and shall be subject to any conditions that applied with respect to the original appointment. ‘‘(B) F
ILLING UNEXPIRED TERM .—An indi- vidual chosen to fill a vacancy shall be ap-pointed for the unexpired term of the member re-placed. ‘‘(C) E
XPIRATION OF TERMS .—The term of any member shall not expire before the date on which the successor of the member takes office. ‘‘(6) R
EMOVAL .—A member of the Panel may be removed from office by the Secretary of the Interior. ‘‘(7) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT .—The Panel shall not be subject to the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act. ‘‘(8) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Advisory Board are— ‘‘(A) to meet not less frequently than semi-annually to develop and make recommendations to the Secretary regarding priorities and spend-ing levels on projects and programs carried out under this title; ‘‘(B) to ensure that any advice given or rec-ommendation made by the Advisory Board re-flects the independent judgment of the Advisory Board; ‘‘(C) not later than December 31, 2015, and an-nually thereafter, to submit to the Secretary and Congress the recommendations under subpara-graph (A); and ‘‘(D) not later than December 31, 2015, and bi-ennially thereafter, to submit to Congress details of the progress made in achieving the actions re-quired under section 3406. ‘‘(9) A
DMINISTRATION .—With the consent of the appropriate agency head, the Advisory Board may use the facilities and services of any Federal agency. ‘‘(10) C
OOPERATION AND ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(A) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Upon re- quest of the Panel Chair for information or as-sistance to facilitate carrying out this section, the Secretary of the Interior shall promptly pro-vide such information, unless otherwise prohib-ited by law. ‘‘(B) S
PACE AND ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of the Interior shall provide the Panel with ap-propriate and adequate office space, together with such equipment, office supplies, and com-munications facilities and services as may be necessary for the operation of the Panel, and shall provide necessary maintenance services for such offices and the equipment and facilities lo-cated therein.’’. SEC. 1073. WATER SUPPLY ACCOUNTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All Central Valley Project water, except Central Valley Project water re-leased pursuant to U.S. Department of the Inte-rior Record of Decision, Trinity River Mainstem Fishery Restoration Final Environmental Im-pact Statement/Environmental Impact Report dated December 2000 used to implement an ac-tion undertaken for a fishery beneficial purpose that was not imposed by terms and conditions existing in licenses, permits, and other agree-ments pertaining to the Central Valley Project under applicable State or Federal law existing on October 30, 1992, shall be credited to the quantity of Central Valley Project yield dedi-cated and managed under this section; provided, that nothing herein shall affect the Secretary of the Interior’s duty to comply with any otherwise lawful requirement imposed on operations of the Central Valley Project under any provision of Federal or State law. (b) R
ECLAMATION POLICIES AND ALLOCA -
TIONS .—Reclamation policies and allocations shall not be based upon any premise or assump-tion that Central Valley Project contract sup-plies are supplemental or secondary to any other contractor source of supply. 
SEC. 1074. IMPLEMENTATION OF WATER RE-PLACEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2016, the Secretary of the Interior shall update and implement the plan required by section 3408(j) of title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575. The Secretary shall notify the Congress annu-ally describing the progress of implementing the plan required by section 3408(j) of title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575. (b) P
OTENTIAL AMENDMENT .—If the plan re-quired in subsection (a) has not increased the Central Valley Project yield by 800,000 acre-feet within 5 years after the enactment of this Act, then section 3406 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575) is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (b)— (A) by amending paragraph (2)(C) to read: ‘‘(C) If by March 15, 2021, and any year there-after the quantity of Central Valley Project water forecasted to be made available to all water service or repayment contractors of the Central Valley Project is below 50 percent of the total quantity of water to be made available under said contracts, the quantity of Central Valley Project yield dedicated and managed for that year under this paragraph shall be reduced by 25 percent.’’. 
SEC. 1075. NATURAL AND ARTIFICIALLY SPAWNED SPECIES. 
After the date of the enactment of this title, and regardless of the date of listing, the Secre-taries of the Interior and Commerce shall not distinguish between natural-spawned and hatchery-spawned or otherwise artificially prop-agated strains of a species in making any deter-mination under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) that relates to any anadromous or pelagic fish species that resides for all or a portion of its life in the Sacramento- San Joaquin Delta or rivers tributary thereto. 
SEC. 1076. TRANSFER THE NEW MELONES UNIT, CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT TO IN-TERESTED PROVIDERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section, the following terms apply: (1) I
NTERESTED LOCAL WATER AND POWER PRO -
VIDERS .—The term ‘‘interested local water and power providers’’ includes the Calaveras County Water District, Calaveras Public Power Agency, Central San Joaquin Water Conservation Dis-trict, Oakdale Irrigation District, Stockton East Water District, South San Joaquin Irrigation District, Tuolumne Utilities District, Tuolumne Public Power Agency, and Union Public Utili-ties District. (2) N
EW MELONES UNIT , CENTRAL VALLEY  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘New Melones Unit, Cen-tral Valley Project’’ means all Federal reclama-tion projects located within or diverting water from or to the watershed of the Stanislaus and San Joaquin rivers and their tributaries as au-thorized by the Act of August 26, 1937 (50 Stat. 850), and all Acts amendatory or supplemental thereto, including the Act of October 23, 1962 (76 Stat. 1173). (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) N
EGOTIATIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into negotiations with in-terested local water and power providers for the transfer ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project to interested local water and power providers with-in the State of California. (c) T
RANSFER .—The Secretary shall transfer the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project in accordance with an agreement reached pursu-ant to negotiations conducted under subsection (b). (d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 360 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the Secretary shall notify the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate— (1) if an agreement is reached pursuant to ne-gotiations conducted under subsection (b), the terms of that agreement; (2) of the status of formal discussions with in-terested local water and power providers for the transfer of ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project to interested local water and power providers; (3) of all unresolved issues that are preventing execution of an agreement for the transfer of ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project to inter-ested local water and power providers; (4) on analysis and review of studies, reports, discussions, hearing transcripts, negotiations, and other information about past and present formal discussions that— (A) have a serious impact on the progress of the formal discussions; (B) explain or provide information about the issues that prevent progress or finalization of formal discussions; or (C) are, in whole or in part, preventing execu-tion of an agreement for the transfer; and (5) of any actions the Secretary recommends that the United States should take to finalize an agreement for that transfer. 
SEC. 1077. BASIN STUDIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZED STUDIES .—The Secretary of the Interior is authorized and directed to ex-pand opportunities and expedite completion of assessments under section 9503(b) of the SE-CURE Water Act (42 U.S.C. 10363(b)), with non- Federal partners, of individual sub-basins and watersheds within major Reclamation river ba-sins; and shall ensure timely decision and expe-dited implementation of adaptation and mitiga-tion strategies developed through the special study process. (b) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The non-Federal partners shall be responsible for 100 percent of the cost of the special studies. (2) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary may accept and use contributions of funds from the non-Federal partners to carry out activities under the special studies. 
SEC. 1078. OPERATIONS OF THE TRINITY RIVER DIVISION. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in the operation of the Trinity River Division of the Central Val-ley Project, shall not make releases from Lewis-ton Dam in excess of the volume for each water- year type required by the U.S. Department of the Interior Record of Decision, Trinity River Mainstem Fishery Restoration Final Environ-mental Impact Statement/Environmental Impact Report dated December 2000. (1) A maximum of 369,000 acre-feet in a ‘‘Criti-cally Dry’’ year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3164 May 25, 2016 
(2) A maximum of 453,000 acre-feet in a ‘‘Dry’’ year. (3) A maximum of 647,000 acre-feet in a ‘‘Nor-mal’’ year. (4) A maximum of 701,000 acre-feet in a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (5) A maximum of 815,000 acre-feet in an ‘‘Ex-tremely Wet’’ year. 
SEC. 1079. AMENDMENT TO PURPOSES. 
Section 3402 of the Central Valley Project Im-provement Act (106 Stat. 4706) is amended— (1) in subsection (f), by striking the period at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) to ensure that water dedicated to fish and wildlife purposes by this title is replaced and provided to Central Valley Project water contractors by December 31, 2018, at the lowest cost reasonably achievable; and ‘‘(h) to facilitate and expedite water transfers in accordance with this Act.’’. 
SEC. 1080. AMENDMENT TO DEFINITION. 
Section 3403 of the Central Valley Project Im-provement Act (106 Stat. 4707) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) the term ‘anadromous fish’ means those native stocks of salmon (including steelhead) and sturgeon that, as of October 30, 1992, were present in the Sacramento and San Joaquin Riv-ers and their tributaries and ascend those rivers and their tributaries to reproduce after matur-ing in San Francisco Bay or the Pacific Ocean;’’; (2) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘and,’’; (3) in subsection (m), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) the term ‘reasonable flow’ means water flows capable of being maintained taking into account competing consumptive uses of water and economic, environmental, and social fac-tors.’’. 
SEC. 1081. REPORT ON RESULTS OF WATER USAGE. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce and the Sec-retary of Natural Resources of the State of Cali-fornia, shall publish an annual report detailing instream flow releases from the Central Valley Project and California State Water Project, their explicit purpose and authority, and all meas-ured environmental benefit as a result of the re-leases. 
SEC. 1082. KLAMATH PROJECT CONSULTATION APPLICANTS. 
If the Bureau of Reclamation initiates or re-initiates consultation with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fish-eries Service under section 7(a)(2) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)), with respect to construction or operation of the Klamath Project (or any part thereof), Klamath Project contractors shall be accorded all the rights and responsibilities extended to appli-cants in the consultation process. Upon request of the Klamath Project contractors, they may be represented through an association or organiza-tion. Subtitle G—Water Supply Permitting Act 
SEC. 1091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Water Sup-ply Permitting Coordination Act’’. 
SEC. 1092. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (2) B
UREAU .—The term ‘‘Bureau’’ means the Bureau of Reclamation. (3) Q
UALIFYING PROJECTS .—The term ‘‘quali-fying projects’’ means new surface water storage projects in the States covered under the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.) constructed on lands administered by the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture, exclusive of any easement, right-of-way, lease, or any pri-vate holding. (4) COOPERATING AGENCIES .—The term ‘‘co-operating agency’’ means a Federal agency with jurisdiction over a review, analysis, opinion, statement, permit, license, or other approval or decision required for a qualifying project under applicable Federal laws and regulations, or a State agency subject to section 1093(c). 
SEC. 1093. ESTABLISHMENT OF LEAD AGENCY AND COOPERATING AGENCIES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF LEAD AGENCY .—The Bureau of Reclamation is established as the lead agency for purposes of coordinating all reviews, analyses, opinions, statements, permits, licenses, or other approvals or decisions required under Federal law to construct qualifying projects. (b) I
DENTIFICATION AND ESTABLISHMENT OF  C
OOPERATING AGENCIES .—The Commissioner of the Bureau shall— (1) identify, as early as practicable upon re-ceipt of an application for a qualifying project, any Federal agency that may have jurisdiction over a review, analysis, opinion, statement, per-mit, license, approval, or decision required for a qualifying project under applicable Federal laws and regulations; and (2) notify any such agency, within a reason-able timeframe, that the agency has been des-ignated as a cooperating agency in regards to the qualifying project unless that agency re-sponds to the Bureau in writing, within a time-frame set forth by the Bureau, notifying the Bu-reau that the agency— (A) has no jurisdiction or authority with re-spect to the qualifying project; (B) has no expertise or information relevant to the qualifying project or any review, analysis, opinion, statement, permit, license, or other ap-proval or decision associated therewith; or (C) does not intend to submit comments on the qualifying project or conduct any review of such a project or make any decision with respect to such project in a manner other than in coopera-tion with the Bureau. (c) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—A State in which a qualifying project is being considered may choose, consistent with State law— (1) to participate as a cooperating agency; and (2) to make subject to the processes of this subtitle all State agencies that— (A) have jurisdiction over the qualifying project; (B) are required to conduct or issue a review, analysis, or opinion for the qualifying project; or (C) are required to make a determination on issuing a permit, license, or approval for the qualifying project. 
SEC. 1094. BUREAU RESPONSIBILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The principal responsibil-ities of the Bureau under this subtitle are to— (1) serve as the point of contact for appli-cants, State agencies, Indian tribes, and others regarding proposed qualifying projects; (2) coordinate preparation of unified environ-mental documentation that will serve as the basis for all Federal decisions necessary to au-thorize the use of Federal lands for qualifying projects; and (3) coordinate all Federal agency reviews nec-essary for project development and construction of qualifying projects. (b) C
OORDINATION PROCESS .—The Bureau shall have the following coordination respon-sibilities: (1) P
RE-APPLICATION COORDINATION .—Notify cooperating agencies of proposed qualifying projects not later than 30 days after receipt of a proposal and facilitate a preapplication meeting for prospective applicants, relevant Federal and State agencies, and Indian tribes to— (A) explain applicable processes, data require-ments, and applicant submissions necessary to complete the required Federal agency reviews within the timeframe established; and (B) establish the schedule for the qualifying project. (2) CONSULTATION WITH COOPERATING AGEN -
CIES.—Consult with the cooperating agencies throughout the Federal agency review process, identify and obtain relevant data in a timely manner, and set necessary deadlines for cooper-ating agencies. (3) S
CHEDULE .—Work with the qualifying project applicant and cooperating agencies to establish a project schedule. In establishing the schedule, the Bureau shall consider, among other factors— (A) the responsibilities of cooperating agencies under applicable laws and regulations; (B) the resources available to the cooperating agencies and the non-Federal qualifying project sponsor, as applicable; (C) the overall size and complexity of the qualifying project; (D) the overall schedule for and cost of the qualifying project; and (E) the sensitivity of the natural and historic resources that may be affected by the qualifying project. (4) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .—Prepare a unified environmental review document for each qualifying project application, incorporating a single environmental record on which all co-operating agencies with authority to issue ap-provals for a given qualifying project shall base project approval decisions. Help ensure that co-operating agencies make necessary decisions, within their respective authorities, regarding Federal approvals in accordance with the fol-lowing timelines: (A) Not later than one year after acceptance of a completed project application when an en-vironmental assessment and finding of no sig-nificant impact is determined to be the appro-priate level of review under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (B) Not later than one year and 30 days after the close of the public comment period for a draft environmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), when an environmental im-pact statement is required under the same. (5) C
ONSOLIDATED ADMINISTRATIVE RECORD .— Maintain a consolidated administrative record of the information assembled and used by the cooperating agencies as the basis for agency de-cisions. (6) P
ROJECT DATA RECORDS .—To the extent practicable and consistent with Federal law, en-sure that all project data is submitted and main-tained in generally accessible electronic format, compile, and where authorized under existing law, make available such project data to cooper-ating agencies, the qualifying project applicant, and to the public. (7) P
ROJECT MANAGER .—Appoint a project manager for each qualifying project. The project manager shall have authority to oversee the project and to facilitate the issuance of the rel-evant final authorizing documents, and shall be responsible for ensuring fulfillment of all Bu-reau responsibilities set forth in this section and all cooperating agency responsibilities under section 1095. 
SEC. 1095. COOPERATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL-ITIES. 
(a) A DHERENCE TO BUREAU SCHEDULE .—Upon notification of an application for a qualifying project, all cooperating agencies shall submit to the Bureau a timeframe under which the co-operating agency reasonably considers it will be able to complete its authorizing responsibilities. The Bureau shall use the timeframe submitted under this subsection to establish the project schedule under section 1094, and the cooper-ating agencies shall adhere to the project sched-ule established by the Bureau. (b) E
NVIRONMENTAL RECORD .—Cooperating agencies shall submit to the Bureau all environ-mental review material produced or compiled in the course of carrying out activities required 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3165 May 25, 2016 
under Federal law consistent with the project schedule established by the Bureau. (c) D
ATA SUBMISSION .—To the extent prac-ticable and consistent with Federal law, the co-operating agencies shall submit all relevant project data to the Bureau in a generally acces-sible electronic format subject to the project schedule set forth by the Bureau. 
SEC. 1096. FUNDING TO PROCESS PERMITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, after public notice in accordance with the Administrative Procedures Act (5 U.S.C. 553), may accept and expend funds contributed by a non-Federal pub-lic entity to expedite the evaluation of a permit of that entity related to a qualifying project. (b) E
FFECT ON PERMITTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall ensure that the use of funds accepted under subsection (a) will not impact impartial decisionmaking with respect to per-mits, either substantively or procedurally. (2) E
VALUATION OF PERMITS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall ensure that the evaluation of permits carried out using funds accepted under this section shall— (A) be reviewed by the Regional Director of the Bureau, or the Regional Director’s designee, of the region in which the qualifying project or activity is located; and (B) use the same procedures for decisions that would otherwise be required for the evaluation of permits for similar projects or activities not carried out using funds authorized under this section. (3) I
MPARTIAL DECISIONMAKING .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary and the cooper-ating agencies receiving funds under this sec-tion for qualifying projects shall ensure that the use of the funds accepted under this section for such projects shall not— (A) impact impartial decisionmaking with re-spect to the issuance of permits, either sub-stantively or procedurally; or (B) diminish, modify, or otherwise affect the statutory or regulatory authorities of such agencies. (c) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—None of the funds accepted under this section shall be used to carry out a review of the evaluation of permits required under subsection (b)(2)(A). (d) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall ensure that all final permit decisions car-ried out using funds authorized under this sec-tion are made available to the public, including on the Internet. Subtitle H—Bureau of Reclamation Project Streamlining 
SEC. 1101. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Project Streamlining Act’’. 
SEC. 1102. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .—The term ‘‘environmental impact statement’’ means the detailed statement of environmental impacts of a project required to be prepared pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (2) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW PROCESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘environmental review process’’ means the process of preparing an environmental impact statement, environ-mental assessment, categorical exclusion, or other document under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for a project study. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘environmental re-view process’’ includes the process for and com-pletion of any environmental permit, approval, review, or study required for a project study under any Federal law other than the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (3) F
EDERAL JURISDICTIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal jurisdictional agency’’ means a Federal agency with jurisdiction delegated by law, regulation, order, or otherwise over a re-view, analysis, opinion, statement, permit, li-cense, or other approval or decision required for a project study under applicable Federal laws (including regulations). (4) FEDERAL LEAD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Fed-eral lead agency’’ means the Bureau of Rec-lamation. (5) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘project’’ means a surface water project, a project under the pur-view of title XVI of Public Law 102–575, or a rural water supply project investigated under Public Law 109–451 to be carried out, funded or operated in whole or in party by the Secretary pursuant to the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.). (6) P
ROJECT SPONSOR .—The term ‘‘project sponsor’’ means a State, regional, or local au-thority or instrumentality or other qualifying entity, such as a water conservation district, ir-rigation district, water conservancy district, joint powers authority, mutual water company, canal company, rural water district or associa-tion, or any other entity that has the capacity to contract with the United States under Fed-eral reclamation law. (7) P
ROJECT STUDY .—The term ‘‘project study’’ means a feasibility study for a project carried out pursuant to the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.). (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (9) S
URFACE WATER STORAGE .—The term ‘‘sur-face water storage’’ means any surface water reservoir or impoundment that would be owned, funded or operated in whole or in part by the Bureau of Reclamation or that would be inte-grated into a larger system owned, operated or administered in whole or in part by the Bureau of Reclamation. 
SEC. 1103. ACCELERATION OF STUDIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To the extent practicable, a project study initiated by the Secretary, after the date of enactment of this Act, under the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto, shall— (1) result in the completion of a final feasi-bility report not later than 3 years after the date of initiation; (2) have a maximum Federal cost of $3,000,000; and (3) ensure that personnel from the local project area, region, and headquarters levels of the Bureau of Reclamation concurrently con-duct the review required under this section. (b) E
XTENSION .—If the Secretary determines that a project study described in subsection (a) will not be conducted in accordance with sub-section (a), the Secretary, not later than 30 days after the date of making the determination, shall— (1) prepare an updated project study schedule and cost estimate; (2) notify the non-Federal project cost-sharing partner that the project study has been delayed; and (3) provide written notice to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate as to the reasons the re-quirements of subsection (a) are not attainable. (c) E
XCEPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the require-ments of subsection (a), the Secretary may ex-tend the timeline of a project study by a period not to exceed 3 years, if the Secretary deter-mines that the project study is too complex to comply with the requirements of subsection (a). (2) F
ACTORS .—In making a determination that a study is too complex to comply with the re-quirements of subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider— (A) the type, size, location, scope, and overall cost of the project; (B) whether the project will use any innova-tive design or construction techniques; (C) whether the project will require significant action by other Federal, State, or local agencies; (D) whether there is significant public dispute as to the nature or effects of the project; and (E) whether there is significant public dispute as to the economic or environmental costs or benefits of the project. (3) NOTIFICATION .—Each time the Secretary makes a determination under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide written notice to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate as to the results of that determination, including an iden-tification of the specific one or more factors used in making the determination that the project is complex. (4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not ex-tend the timeline for a project study for a period of more than 7 years, and any project study that is not completed before that date shall no longer be authorized. (d) R
EVIEWS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the initiation of a project study de-scribed in subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) take all steps necessary to initiate the process for completing federally mandated re-views that the Secretary is required to complete as part of the study, including the environ-mental review process under section 1105; (2) convene a meeting of all Federal, tribal, and State agencies identified under section 1105(d) that may— (A) have jurisdiction over the project; (B) be required by law to conduct or issue a review, analysis, opinion, or statement for the project study; or (C) be required to make a determination on issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the project study; and (3) take all steps necessary to provide informa-tion that will enable required reviews and anal-yses related to the project to be conducted by other agencies in a thorough and timely man-ner. (e) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and make publicly available a report that describes— (1) the status of the implementation of the planning process under this section, including the number of participating projects; (2) a review of project delivery schedules, in-cluding a description of any delays on those studies initiated prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act; and (3) any recommendations for additional au-thority necessary to support efforts to expedite the project. (f) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and make publicly available a re-port that describes— (1) the status of the implementation of this section, including a description of each project study subject to the requirements of this section; (2) the amount of time taken to complete each project study; and (3) any recommendations for additional au-thority necessary to support efforts to expedite the project study process, including an analysis of whether the limitation established by sub-section (a)(2) needs to be adjusted to address the impacts of inflation. 
SEC. 1104. EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF REPORTS. 
The Secretary shall— (1) expedite the completion of any ongoing project study initiated before the date of enact-ment of this Act; and (2) if the Secretary determines that the project is justified in a completed report, proceed di-rectly to preconstruction planning, engineering, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3166 May 25, 2016 
and design of the project in accordance with the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto. 
SEC. 1105. PROJECT ACCELERATION. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This section shall apply to— (A) each project study that is initiated after the date of enactment of this Act and for which an environmental impact statement is prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (B) the extent determined appropriate by the Secretary, to other project studies initiated be-fore the date of enactment of this Act and for which an environmental review process docu-ment is prepared under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (C) any project study for the development of a non-federally owned and operated surface water storage project for which the Secretary deter-mines there is a demonstrable Federal interest and the project— (i) is located in a river basin where other Bu-reau of Reclamation water projects are located; (ii) will create additional water supplies that support Bureau of Reclamation water projects; or (iii) will become integrated into the operation of Bureau of Reclamation water projects. (2) F
LEXIBILITY .—Any authority granted under this section may be exercised, and any re-quirement established under this section may be satisfied, for the conduct of an environmental review process for a project study, a class of project studies, or a program of project studies. (3) L
IST OF PROJECT STUDIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-ally prepare, and make publicly available, a list of all project studies that the Secretary has de-termined— (i) meets the standards described in paragraph (1); and (ii) does not have adequate funding to make substantial progress toward the completion of the project study. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Secretary shall include for each project study on the list under subpara-graph (A) a description of the estimated amounts necessary to make substantial progress on the project study. (b) P
ROJECT REVIEW PROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop and implement a coordinated environmental re-view process for the development of project stud-ies. (2) C
OORDINATED REVIEW .—The coordinated environmental review process described in para-graph (1) shall require that any review, anal-ysis, opinion, statement, permit, license, or other approval or decision issued or made by a Fed-eral, State, or local governmental agency or an Indian tribe for a project study described in sub-section (b) be conducted, to the maximum extent practicable, concurrently with any other appli-cable governmental agency or Indian tribe. (3) T
IMING .—The coordinated environmental review process under this subsection shall be completed not later than the date on which the Secretary, in consultation and concurrence with the agencies identified under section 1105(d), es-tablishes with respect to the project study. (c) L
EADAGENCIES .— (1) J
OINT LEAD AGENCIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the require-ments of section 1506.8 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), in-cluding the concurrence of the proposed joint lead agency, a project sponsor may serve as the joint lead agency. (B) P
ROJECT SPONSOR AS JOINT LEAD AGEN -
CY.—A project sponsor that is a State or local governmental entity may— (i) with the concurrence of the Secretary, serve as a joint lead agency with the Federal lead agency for purposes of preparing any envi-ronmental document under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (ii) prepare any environmental review process document under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) re-quired in support of any action or approval by the Secretary if— (I) the Secretary provides guidance in the preparation process and independently evalu-ates that document; (II) the project sponsor complies with all re-quirements applicable to the Secretary under— (aa) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (bb) any regulation implementing that Act; and (cc) any other applicable Federal law; and (III) the Secretary approves and adopts the document before the Secretary takes any subse-quent action or makes any approval based on that document, regardless of whether the action or approval of the Secretary results in Federal funding. (2) DUTIES .—The Secretary shall ensure that— (A) the project sponsor complies with all de-sign and mitigation commitments made jointly by the Secretary and the project sponsor in any environmental document prepared by the project sponsor in accordance with this subsection; and (B) any environmental document prepared by the project sponsor is appropriately supple-mented to address any changes to the project the Secretary determines are necessary. (3) A
DOPTION AND USE OF DOCUMENTS .—Any environmental document prepared in accord-ance with this subsection shall be adopted and used by any Federal agency making any deter-mination related to the project study to the same extent that the Federal agency could adopt or use a document prepared by another Federal agency under— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (B) parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). (4) R
OLES AND RESPONSIBILITY OF LEAD AGEN -
CY.—With respect to the environmental review process for any project study, the Federal lead agency shall have authority and responsi-bility— (A) to take such actions as are necessary and proper and within the authority of the Federal lead agency to facilitate the expeditious resolu-tion of the environmental review process for the project study; and (B) to prepare or ensure that any required en-vironmental impact statement or other environ-mental review document for a project study re-quired to be completed under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) is completed in accordance with this sec-tion and applicable Federal law. (d) P
ARTICIPATING AND COOPERATING AGEN-
CIES.— (1) I
DENTIFICATION OF JURISDICTIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—With respect to carrying out the environ-mental review process for a project study, the Secretary shall identify, as early as practicable in the environmental review process, all Federal, State, and local government agencies and In-dian tribes that may— (A) have jurisdiction over the project; (B) be required by law to conduct or issue a review, analysis, opinion, or statement for the project study; or (C) be required to make a determination on issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the project study. (2) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—If the environmental review process is being implemented by the Sec-retary for a project study within the boundaries of a State, the State, consistent with State law, may choose to participate in the process and to make subject to the process all State agencies that— (A) have jurisdiction over the project; (B) are required to conduct or issue a review, analysis, opinion, or statement for the project study; or (C) are required to make a determination on issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the project study. (3) INVITATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal lead agency shall invite, as early as practicable in the envi-ronmental review process, any agency identified under paragraph (1) to become a participating or cooperating agency, as applicable, in the en-vironmental review process for the project study. (B) D
EADLINE .—An invitation to participate issued under subparagraph (A) shall set a dead-line by which a response to the invitation shall be submitted, which may be extended by the Federal lead agency for good cause. (4) P
ROCEDURES .—Section 1501.6 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Bureau of Reclamation Project Streamlining Act) shall govern the iden-tification and the participation of a cooperating agency. (5) F
EDERAL COOPERATING AGENCIES .—Any Federal agency that is invited by the Federal lead agency to participate in the environmental review process for a project study shall be des-ignated as a cooperating agency by the Federal lead agency unless the invited agency informs the Federal lead agency, in writing, by the deadline specified in the invitation that the in-vited agency— (A)(i) has no jurisdiction or authority with re-spect to the project; (ii) has no expertise or information relevant to the project; or (iii) does not have adequate funds to partici-pate in the project; and (B) does not intend to submit comments on the project. (6) A
DMINISTRATION .—A participating or co-operating agency shall comply with this section and any schedule established under this section. (7) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—Designation as a participating or cooperating agency under this subsection shall not imply that the participating or cooperating agency— (A) supports a proposed project; or (B) has any jurisdiction over, or special exper-tise with respect to evaluation of, the project. (8) C
ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—Each participating or cooperating agency shall— (A) carry out the obligations of that agency under other applicable law concurrently and in conjunction with the required environmental re-view process, unless doing so would prevent the participating or cooperating agency from con-ducting needed analysis or otherwise carrying out those obligations; and (B) formulate and implement administrative, policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of the environ-mental review process in a timely, coordinated, and environmentally responsible manner. (e) N
ON-FEDERAL PROJECTS INTEGRATED INTO R
ECLAMATION SYSTEMS .—The Federal lead agency shall serve in that capacity for the en-tirety of all non-Federal projects that will be in-tegrated into a larger system owned, operated or administered in whole or in part by the Bureau of Reclamation. (f) N
ON-FEDERAL PROJECT .—If the Secretary determines that a project can be expedited by a non-Federal sponsor and that there is a demon-strable Federal interest in expediting that project, the Secretary shall take such actions as are necessary to advance such a project as a non-Federal project, including, but not limited to, entering into agreements with the non-Fed-eral sponsor of such project to support the plan-ning, design and permitting of such project as a non-Federal project. (g) P
ROGRAMMATIC COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue guidance regarding the use of programmatic ap-proaches to carry out the environmental review process that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3167 May 25, 2016 
(A) eliminates repetitive discussions of the same issues; (B) focuses on the actual issues ripe for anal-yses at each level of review; (C) establishes a formal process for coordi-nating with participating and cooperating agen-cies, including the creation of a list of all data that are needed to carry out an environmental review process; and (D) complies with— (i) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (ii) all other applicable laws. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) as the first step in drafting guidance under that paragraph, consult with relevant Federal, State, and local governmental agencies, Indian tribes, and the public on the appropriate use and scope of the programmatic approaches; (B) emphasize the importance of collaboration among relevant Federal, State, and local gov-ernmental agencies, and Indian tribes in under-taking programmatic reviews, especially with re-spect to including reviews with a broad geo-graphical scope; (C) ensure that the programmatic reviews— (i) promote transparency, including of the analyses and data used in the environmental re-view process, the treatment of any deferred issues raised by Federal, State, and local gov-ernmental agencies, Indian tribes, or the public, and the temporal and special scales to be used to analyze those issues; (ii) use accurate and timely information in the environmental review process, including— (I) criteria for determining the general dura-tion of the usefulness of the review; and (II) the timeline for updating any out-of-date review; (iii) describe— (I) the relationship between programmatic analysis and future tiered analysis; and (II) the role of the public in the creation of fu-ture tiered analysis; and (iv) are available to other relevant Federal, State, and local governmental agencies, Indian tribes, and the public; (D) allow not fewer than 60 days of public no-tice and comment on any proposed guidance; and (E) address any comments received under sub-paragraph (D). (h) C
OORDINATED REVIEWS .— (1) C
OORDINATION PLAN .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Federal lead agen-cy shall, after consultation with and with the concurrence of each participating and cooper-ating agency and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable, establish a plan for coordinating public and agency participation in, and comment on, the environmental review process for a project study or a category of project studies. (B) S
CHEDULE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable but not later than 45 days after the close of the pub-lic comment period on a draft environmental im-pact statement, the Federal lead agency, after consultation with and the concurrence of each participating and cooperating agency and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applica-ble, shall establish, as part of the coordination plan established in subparagraph (A), a sched-ule for completion of the environmental review process for the project study. (ii) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In estab- lishing a schedule, the Secretary shall consider factors such as— (I) the responsibilities of participating and co-operating agencies under applicable laws; (II) the resources available to the project sponsor, joint lead agency, and other relevant Federal and State agencies, as applicable; (III) the overall size and complexity of the project; (IV) the overall schedule for and cost of the project; and (V) the sensitivity of the natural and histor-ical resources that could be affected by the project. (iii) MODIFICATIONS .—The Secretary may— (I) lengthen a schedule established under clause (i) for good cause; and (II) shorten a schedule only with concurrence of the affected participating and cooperating agencies and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable. (iv) D
ISSEMINATION .—A copy of a schedule es-tablished under clause (i) shall be— (I) provided to each participating and cooper-ating agency and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable; and (II) made available to the public. (2) C
OMMENT DEADLINES .—The Federal lead agency shall establish the following deadlines for comment during the environmental review process for a project study: (A) D
RAFT ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATE -
MENTS .—For comments by Federal and State agencies and the public on a draft environ-mental impact statement, a period of not more than 60 days after publication in the Federal Register of notice of the date of public avail-ability of the draft environmental impact state-ment, unless— (i) a different deadline is established by agree-ment of the Federal lead agency, the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable, and all participating and cooperating agencies; or (ii) the deadline is extended by the Federal lead agency for good cause. (B) O
THER ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW PROC -
ESSES .—For all other comment periods estab-lished by the Federal lead agency for agency or public comments in the environmental review process, a period of not more than 30 days after the date on which the materials on which com-ment is requested are made available, unless— (i) a different deadline is established by agree-ment of the Federal lead agency, the project sponsor, or joint lead agency, as applicable, and all participating and cooperating agencies; or (ii) the deadline is extended by the Federal lead agency for good cause. (3) D
EADLINES FOR DECISIONS UNDER OTHER  
LAWS .—In any case in which a decision under any Federal law relating to a project study, in-cluding the issuance or denial of a permit or li-cense, is required to be made by the date de-scribed in subsection (i)(5)(B), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate— (A) as soon as practicable after the 180-day period described in subsection (i)(5)(B), an ini-tial notice of the failure of the Federal agency to make the decision; and (B) every 60 days thereafter until such date as all decisions of the Federal agency relating to the project study have been made by the Federal agency, an additional notice that describes the number of decisions of the Federal agency that remain outstanding as of the date of the addi-tional notice. (4) I
NVOLVEMENT OF THE PUBLIC .—Nothing in this subsection reduces any time period provided for public comment in the environmental review process under applicable Federal law (including regulations). (5) T
RANSPARENCY REPORTING .— (A) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and maintain an electronic database and, in coordination with other Federal and State agencies, issue re-porting requirements to make publicly available the status and progress with respect to compli-ance with applicable requirements of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal, State, or local approval or action required for a project study for which this section is applica-ble. (B) P
ROJECT STUDY TRANSPARENCY .—Con- sistent with the requirements established under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall make publicly available the status and progress of any Federal, State, or local decision, action, or approval required under applicable laws for each project study for which this section is ap-plicable. (i) ISSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— (1) C
OOPERATION .—The Federal lead agency, the cooperating agencies, and any participating agencies shall work cooperatively in accordance with this section to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of the environ-mental review process or result in the denial of any approval required for the project study under applicable laws. (2) F
EDERAL LEAD AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal lead agency shall make information available to the cooper-ating agencies and participating agencies as early as practicable in the environmental review process regarding the environmental and socio-economic resources located within the project area and the general locations of the alter-natives under consideration. (B) D
ATA SOURCES .—The information under subparagraph (A) may be based on existing data sources, including geographic information sys-tems mapping. (3) C
OOPERATING AND PARTICIPATING AGENCY  
RESPONSIBILITIES .—Based on information re-ceived from the Federal lead agency, cooper-ating and participating agencies shall identify, as early as practicable, any issues of concern re-garding the potential environmental or socio-economic impacts of the project, including any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from granting a permit or other ap-proval that is needed for the project study. (4) A
CCELERATED ISSUE RESOLUTION AND ELE -
VATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—On the request of a partici-pating or cooperating agency or project sponsor, the Secretary shall convene an issue resolution meeting with the relevant participating and co-operating agencies and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable, to resolve issues that may— (i) delay completion of the environmental re-view process; or (ii) result in denial of any approval required for the project study under applicable laws. (B) M
EETING DATE .—A meeting requested under this paragraph shall be held not later than 21 days after the date on which the Sec-retary receives the request for the meeting, un-less the Secretary determines that there is good cause to extend that deadline. (C) N
OTIFICATION .—On receipt of a request for a meeting under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify all relevant participating and co-operating agencies of the request, including the issue to be resolved and the date for the meet-ing. (D) E
LEVATION OF ISSUE RESOLUTION .—If a resolution cannot be achieved within the 30-day period beginning on the date of a meeting under this paragraph and a determination is made by the Secretary that all information necessary to resolve the issue has been obtained, the Sec-retary shall forward the dispute to the heads of the relevant agencies for resolution. (E) C
ONVENTION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary may convene an issue resolution meeting under this paragraph at any time, at the discre-tion of the Secretary, regardless of whether a meeting is requested under subparagraph (A). (5) F
INANCIAL PENALTY PROVISIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A Federal jurisdictional agency shall complete any required approval or decision for the environmental review process on an expeditious basis using the shortest existing applicable process. (B) F
AILURE TO DECIDE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .— (I) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—If a Federal jurisdic-tional agency fails to render a decision required under any Federal law relating to a project study that requires the preparation of an envi-ronmental impact statement or environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3168 May 25, 2016 
assessment, including the issuance or denial of a permit, license, statement, opinion, or other approval by the date described in clause (ii), the amount of funds made available to support the office of the head of the Federal jurisdictional agency shall be reduced by an amount of fund-ing equal to the amount specified in item (aa) or (bb) of subclause (II), and those funds shall be made available to the division of the Federal ju-risdictional agency charged with rendering the decision by not later than 1 day after the appli-cable date under clause (ii), and once each week thereafter until a final decision is rendered, sub-ject to subparagraph (C). (II) A
MOUNT TO BE TRANSFERRED .—The amount referred to in subclause (I) is— (aa) $20,000 for any project study requiring the preparation of an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement; or (bb) $10,000 for any project study requiring any type of review under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) other than an environmental assessment or en-vironmental impact statement. (ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF DATE .—The date referred to in clause (i) is the later of— (I) the date that is 180 days after the date on which an application for the permit, license, or approval is complete; and (II) the date that is 180 days after the date on which the Federal lead agency issues a decision on the project under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (C) L
IMITATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—No transfer of funds under subparagraph (B) relating to an individual project study shall exceed, in any fiscal year, an amount equal to 1 percent of the funds made available for the applicable agency office. (ii) F
AILURE TO DECIDE .—The total amount transferred in a fiscal year as a result of a fail-ure by an agency to make a decision by an ap-plicable deadline shall not exceed an amount equal to 5 percent of the funds made available for the applicable agency office for that fiscal year. (iii) A
GGREGATE .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for each fiscal year, the aggre-gate amount of financial penalties assessed against each applicable agency office under this Act and any other Federal law as a result of a failure of the agency to make a decision by an applicable deadline for environmental review, including the total amount transferred under this paragraph, shall not exceed an amount equal to 9.5 percent of the funds made available for the agency office for that fiscal year. (D) N
OTIFICATION OF TRANSFERS .—Not later than 10 days after the last date in a fiscal year on which funds of the Federal jurisdictional agency may be transferred under subparagraph (B)(5) with respect to an individual decision, the agency shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of the House of Representatives and the Senate written notification that includes a de-scription of— (i) the decision; (ii) the project study involved; (iii) the amount of each transfer under sub-paragraph (B) in that fiscal year relating to the decision; (iv) the total amount of all transfers under subparagraph (B) in that fiscal year relating to the decision; and (v) the total amount of all transfers of the agency under subparagraph (B) in that fiscal year. (E) N
O FAULT OF AGENCY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—A transfer of funds under this paragraph shall not be made if the applica-ble agency described in subparagraph (A) noti-fies, with a supporting explanation, the Federal lead agency, cooperating agencies, and project sponsor, as applicable, that— (I) the agency has not received necessary in-formation or approvals from another entity in a manner that affects the ability of the agency to meet any requirements under Federal, State, or local law; (II) significant new information, including from public comments, or circumstances, includ-ing a major modification to an aspect of the project, requires additional analysis for the agency to make a decision on the project appli-cation; or (III) the agency lacks the financial resources to complete the review under the scheduled time-frame, including a description of the number of full-time employees required to complete the re-view, the amount of funding required to com-plete the review, and a justification as to why not enough funding is available to complete the review by the deadline. (ii) LACK OF FINANCIAL RESOURCES .—If the agency provides notice under clause (i)(III), the Inspector General of the agency shall— (I) conduct a financial audit to review the no-tice; and (II) not later than 90 days after the date on which the review described in subclause (I) is completed, submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the results of the audit conducted under subclause (I). (F) L
IMITATION .—The Federal agency from which funds are transferred pursuant to this paragraph shall not reprogram funds to the of-fice of the head of the agency, or equivalent of-fice, to reimburse that office for the loss of the funds. (G) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this paragraph affects or limits the application of, or obligation to comply with, any Federal, State, local, or tribal law. (j) M
EMORANDUM OF AGREEMENTS FOR EARLY C
OORDINATION .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) the Secretary and other Federal agencies with relevant jurisdiction in the environmental review process should cooperate with each other, State and local agencies, and Indian tribes on environmental review and Bureau of Reclamation project delivery activities at the earliest practicable time to avoid delays and du-plication of effort later in the process, prevent potential conflicts, and ensure that planning and project development decisions reflect envi-ronmental values; and (B) the cooperation referred to in subpara-graph (A) should include the development of policies and the designation of staff that advise planning agencies and project sponsors of stud-ies or other information foreseeably required for later Federal action and early consultation with appropriate State and local agencies and Indian tribes. (2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—If requested at any time by a State or project sponsor, the Sec-retary and other Federal agencies with relevant jurisdiction in the environmental review process, shall, to the maximum extent practicable and appropriate, as determined by the agencies, pro-vide technical assistance to the State or project sponsor in carrying out early coordination ac-tivities. (3) M
EMORANDUM OF AGENCY AGREEMENT .—If requested at any time by a State or project spon-sor, the Federal lead agency, in consultation with other Federal agencies with relevant juris-diction in the environmental review process, may establish memoranda of agreement with the project sponsor, Indian tribes, State and local governments, and other appropriate entities to carry out the early coordination activities, in-cluding providing technical assistance in identi-fying potential impacts and mitigation issues in an integrated fashion. (k) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section pre-empts or interferes with— (1) any obligation to comply with the provi-sions of any Federal law, including— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (B) any other Federal environmental law; (2) the reviewability of any final Federal agency action in a court of the United States or in the court of any State; (3) any requirement for seeking, considering, or responding to public comment; or (4) any power, jurisdiction, responsibility, duty, or authority that a Federal, State, or local governmental agency, Indian tribe, or project sponsor has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provision of law applicable to projects. (l) TIMING OF CLAIMS .— (1) T
IMING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of a permit, license, or other approval issued by a Federal agency for a project study shall be barred unless the claim is filed not later than 3 years after publication of a notice in the Federal Register announcing that the permit, license, or other approval is final pursuant to the law under which the agen-cy action is taken, unless a shorter time is speci-fied in the Federal law that allows judicial re-view. (B) A
PPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this sub-section creates a right to judicial review or places any limit on filing a claim that a person has violated the terms of a permit, license, or other approval. (2) N
EW INFORMATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall consider new information received after the close of a comment period if the information satisfies the requirements for a supplemental environmental impact statement under title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (including successor regulations). (B) S
EPARATE ACTION .—The preparation of a supplemental environmental impact statement or other environmental document, if required under this section, shall be considered a sepa-rate final agency action and the deadline for fil-ing a claim for judicial review of the action shall be 3 years after the date of publication of a notice in the Federal Register announcing the action relating to such supplemental environ-mental impact statement or other environmental document. (m) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (A) survey the use by the Bureau of Reclama-tion of categorical exclusions in projects since 2005; (B) publish a review of the survey that in-cludes a description of— (i) the types of actions that were categorically excluded or could be the basis for developing a new categorical exclusion; and (ii) any requests previously received by the Secretary for new categorical exclusions; and (C) solicit requests from other Federal agen-cies and project sponsors for new categorical ex-clusions. (2) N
EW CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, if the Secretary has identified a category of activities that merit establishing a categorical exclusion that did not exist on the day before the date of enactment this Act based on the re-view under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall publish a notice of proposed rulemaking to pro-pose that new categorical exclusion, to the ex-tent that the categorical exclusion meets the cri-teria for a categorical exclusion under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulation). (n) R
EVIEW OF PROJECT ACCELERATION RE-
FORMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (A) assess the reforms carried out under this section; and (B) not later than 5 years and not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, submit to the Committee on Natural Resources 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3169 May 25, 2016 
of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes the results of the assessment. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The reports under paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of impacts of the reforms carried out under this section on— (A) project delivery; (B) compliance with environmental laws; and (C) the environmental impact of projects. (o) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—The Sec- retary shall establish a program to measure and report on progress made toward improving and expediting the planning and environmental re-view process. (p) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS IN EMER-
GENCIES .—For the repair, reconstruction, or re-habilitation of a Bureau of Reclamation surface water storage project that is in operation or under construction when damaged by an event or incident that results in a declaration by the President of a major disaster or emergency pur-suant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Secretary shall treat such repair, re-construction, or rehabilitation activity as a class of action categorically excluded from the re-quirements relating to environmental assess-ments or environmental impact statements under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations), if the repair or reconstruction activity is— (1) in the same location with the same capac-ity, dimensions, and design as the original Bu-reau of Reclamation surface water storage project as before the declaration described in this section; and (2) commenced within a 2-year period begin-ning on the date of a declaration described in this subsection. 
SEC. 1106. ANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 1 of each year, the Secretary shall develop and sub-mit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate an annual report, to be entitled ‘‘Report to Con-gress on Future Water Project Development’’, that identifies the following: (1) P
ROJECT REPORTS .—Each project report that meets the criteria established in subsection (c)(1)(A). (2) P
ROPOSED PROJECT STUDIES .—Any pro- posed project study submitted to the Secretary by a non-Federal interest pursuant to sub-section (b) that meets the criteria established in subsection (c)(1)(A). (3) P
ROPOSED MODIFICATIONS .—Any proposed modification to an authorized water project or project study that meets the criteria established in subsection (c)(1)(A) that— (A) is submitted to the Secretary by a non- Federal interest pursuant to subsection (b); or (B) is identified by the Secretary for author-ization. (4) E
XPEDITED COMPLETION OF REPORT AND  
DETERMINATIONS .—Any project study that was expedited and any Secretarial determinations under section 1104. (b) R
EQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS .— (1) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than May 1 of each year, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a notice requesting proposals from non-Federal interests for proposed project studies and proposed modifications to author-ized projects and project studies to be included in the annual report. (2) D
EADLINE FOR REQUESTS .—The Secretary shall include in each notice required by this subsection a requirement that non-Federal in-terests submit to the Secretary any proposals de-scribed in paragraph (1) by not later than 120 days after the date of publication of the notice in the Federal Register in order for the pro-posals to be considered for inclusion in the an-nual report. (3) N
OTIFICATION .—On the date of publication of each notice required by this subsection, the Secretary shall— (A) make the notice publicly available, includ-ing on the Internet; and (B) provide written notification of the publi-cation to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. (c) CONTENTS .— (1) P
ROJECT REPORTS , PROPOSED PROJECT  
STUDIES , AND PROPOSED MODIFICATIONS .— (A) C
RITERIA FOR INCLUSION IN REPORT .—The Secretary shall include in the annual report only those project reports, proposed project studies, and proposed modifications to author-ized projects and project studies that— (i) are related to the missions and authorities of the Bureau of Reclamation; (ii) require specific congressional authoriza-tion, including by an Act of Congress; (iii) have not been congressionally authorized; (iv) have not been included in any previous annual report; and (v) if authorized, could be carried out by the Bureau of Reclamation. (B) D
ESCRIPTION OF BENEFITS .— (i) D
ESCRIPTION .—The Secretary shall describe in the annual report, to the extent applicable and practicable, for each proposed project study and proposed modification to an authorized water resources development project or project study included in the annual report, the bene-fits, as described in clause (ii), of each such study or proposed modification. (ii) B
ENEFITS .—The benefits (or expected bene-fits, in the case of a proposed project study) de-scribed in this clause are benefits to— (I) the protection of human life and property; (II) improvement to domestic irrigated water and power supplies; (III) the national economy; (IV) the environment; or (V) the national security interests of the United States. (C) I
DENTIFICATION OF OTHER FACTORS .—The Secretary shall identify in the annual report, to the extent practicable— (i) for each proposed project study included in the annual report, the non-Federal interest that submitted the proposed project study pursuant to subsection (b); and (ii) for each proposed project study and pro-posed modification to a project or project study included in the annual report, whether the non- Federal interest has demonstrated— (I) that local support exists for the proposed project study or proposed modification to an au-thorized project or project study (including the surface water storage development project that is the subject of the proposed feasibility study or the proposed modification to an authorized project study); and (II) the financial ability to provide the re-quired non-Federal cost share. (2) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Secretary shall in-clude in the annual report, for each project re-port, proposed project study, and proposed modification to a project or project study in-cluded under paragraph (1)(A)— (A) the name of the associated non-Federal interest, including the name of any non-Federal interest that has contributed, or is expected to contribute, a non-Federal share of the cost of— (i) the project report; (ii) the proposed project study; (iii) the authorized project study for which the modification is proposed; or (iv) construction of— (I) the project that is the subject of— (aa) the water report; (bb) the proposed project study; or (cc) the authorized project study for which a modification is proposed; or (II) the proposed modification to a project; (B) a letter or statement of support for the water report, proposed project study, or pro-posed modification to a project or project study from each associated non-Federal interest; (C) the purpose of the feasibility report, pro-posed feasibility study, or proposed modification to a project or project study; (D) an estimate, to the extent practicable, of the Federal, non-Federal, and total costs of— (i) the proposed modification to an authorized project study; and (ii) construction of— (I) the project that is the subject of— (aa) the project report; or (bb) the authorized project study for which a modification is proposed, with respect to the change in costs resulting from such modifica-tion; or (II) the proposed modification to an author-ized project; and (E) an estimate, to the extent practicable, of the monetary and nonmonetary benefits of— (i) the project that is the subject of— (I) the project report; or (II) the authorized project study for which a modification is proposed, with respect to the benefits of such modification; or (ii) the proposed modification to an author-ized project. (3) CERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall in-clude in the annual report a certification stat-ing that each feasibility report, proposed feasi-bility study, and proposed modification to a project or project study included in the annual report meets the criteria established in para-graph (1)(A). (4) A
PPENDIX .—The Secretary shall include in the annual report an appendix listing the pro-posals submitted under subsection (b) that were not included in the annual report under para-graph (1)(A) and a description of why the Sec-retary determined that those proposals did not meet the criteria for inclusion under such para-graph. (d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INITIAL ANNUAL RE-
PORT.—Notwithstanding any other deadlines re-quired by this section, the Secretary shall— (1) not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, publish in the Federal Reg-ister a notice required by subsection (b)(1); and (2) include in such notice a requirement that non-Federal interests submit to the Secretary any proposals described in subsection (b)(1) by not later than 120 days after the date of publi-cation of such notice in the Federal Register in order for such proposals to be considered for in-clusion in the first annual report developed by the Secretary under this section. (e) P
UBLICATION .—Upon submission of an an-nual report to Congress, the Secretary shall make the annual report publicly available, in-cluding through publication on the Internet. (f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘project report’’ means a final feasibility report developed under the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto. Subtitle I—Accelerated Revenue, Repayment, and Surface Water Storage Enhancement 
SEC. 1111. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Accelerated Revenue, Repayment, and Surface Water Stor-age Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 1112. PREPAYMENT OF CERTAIN REPAYMENT CONTRACTS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND CONTRACTORS OF FED-ERALLY DEVELOPED WATER SUP-PLIES. 
(a) C ONVERSION AND PREPAYMENT OF CON-
TRACTS .— (1) C
ONVERSION .—Upon request of the con-tractor, the Secretary of the Interior shall con-vert any water service contract in effect on the date of enactment of this Act and between the United States and a water users’ association to allow for prepayment of the repayment contract pursuant to paragraph (2) under mutually agreeable terms and conditions. The manner of conversion under this paragraph shall be as fol-lows: (A) Water service contracts that were entered into under section 9(e) of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1196), to be converted under this section shall be converted to repayment con-tracts under section 9(d) of that Act (53 Stat. 1195). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3170 May 25, 2016 
(B) Water service contracts that were entered under subsection (c)(2) of section 9 of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1194), to be converted under this section shall be converted to a con-tract under subsection (c)(1) of section 9 of that Act (53 Stat. 1195). (2) P
REPAYMENT .—Except for those repayment contracts under which the contractor has pre-viously negotiated for prepayment, all repay-ment contracts under section 9(d) of that Act (53 Stat. 1195) in effect on the date of enactment of this Act at the request of the contractor, and all contracts converted pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall— (A) provide for the repayment, either in lump sum or by accelerated prepayment, of the re-maining construction costs identified in water project specific irrigation rate repayment sched-ules, as adjusted to reflect payment not reflected in such schedule, and properly assignable for ultimate return by the contractor, or if made in approximately equal installments, no later than 3 years after the effective date of the repayment contract, such amount to be discounted by 
1⁄2 the Treasury rate. An estimate of the remaining construction costs, as adjusted, shall be pro-vided by the Secretary to the contractor no later than 90 days following receipt of request of the contractor; (B) require that construction costs or other capitalized costs incurred after the effective date of the contract or not reflected in the rate schedule referenced in subparagraph (A), and properly assignable to such contractor shall be repaid in not more than 5 years after notifica-tion of the allocation if such amount is a result of a collective annual allocation of capital costs to the contractors exercising contract conversa-tion under this subsection of less than $5,000,000. If such amount is $5,000,000 or great-er, such cost shall be repaid as provided by ap-plicable reclamation law; (C) provide that power revenues will not be available to aid in repayment of construction costs allocated to irrigation under the contract; and (D) continue so long as the contractor pays applicable charges, consistent with section 9(d) of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1195), and applicable law. (3) C
ONTRACT REQUIREMENTS .—Except for those repayment contracts under which the con-tractor has previously negotiated for prepay-ment, the following shall apply with regard to all repayment contracts under subsection (c)(1) of section 9 of that Act (53 Stat. 1195) in effect on the date of enactment of this Act at the re-quest of the contractor, and all contracts con-verted pursuant to paragraph (1)(B): (A) Provide for the repayment in lump sum of the remaining construction costs identified in water project specific municipal and industrial rate repayment schedules, as adjusted to reflect payments not reflected in such schedule, and properly assignable for ultimate return by the contractor. An estimate of the remaining con-struction costs, as adjusted, shall be provided by the Secretary to the contractor no later than 90 days after receipt of request of contractor. (B) The contract shall require that construc-tion costs or other capitalized costs incurred after the effective date of the contract or not re-flected in the rate schedule referenced in sub-paragraph (A), and properly assignable to such contractor, shall be repaid in not more than 5 years after notification of the allocation if such amount is a result of a collective annual alloca-tion of capital costs to the contractors exercising contract conversation under this subsection of less than $5,000,000. If such amount is $5,000,000 or greater, such cost shall be repaid as provided by applicable reclamation law. (C) Continue so long as the contractor pays applicable charges, consistent with section 9(c)(1) of the Act of August 4, 1939 (53 Stat. 1195), and applicable law. (4) C
ONDITIONS .—All contracts entered into pursuant to paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) shall— (A) not be adjusted on the basis of the type of prepayment financing used by the water users’ association; (B) conform to any other agreements, such as applicable settlement agreements and new con-structed appurtenant facilities; and (C) not modify other water service, repayment, exchange and transfer contractual rights be-tween the water users’ association, and the Bu-reau of Reclamation, or any rights, obligations, or relationships of the water users’ association and their landowners as provided under State law. (b) ACCOUNTING .—The amounts paid pursuant to subsection (a) shall be subject to adjustment following a final cost allocation by the Sec-retary of the Interior. In the event that the final cost allocation indicates that the costs properly assignable to the contractor are greater than what has been paid by the contractor, the con-tractor shall be obligated to pay the remaining allocated costs. The term of such additional re-payment contract shall be not less than one year and not more than 10 years, however, mu-tually agreeable provisions regarding the rate of repayment of such amount may be developed by the parties. In the event that the final cost allo-cation indicates that the costs properly assign-able to the contractor are less than what the contractor has paid, the Secretary shall credit such overpayment as an offset against any out-standing or future obligation of the contractor. (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— (1) E
FFECT OF EXISTING LAW .—Upon a con-tractor’s compliance with and discharge of the obligation of repayment of the construction costs pursuant to a contract entered into pursu-ant to subsection (a)(2)(A), subsections (a) and (b) of section 213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 1269) shall apply to affected lands. (2) E
FFECT OF OTHER OBLIGATIONS .—The obli- gation of a contractor to repay construction costs or other capitalized costs described in sub-section (a)(2)(B), (a)(3)(B), or (b) shall not af-fect a contractor’s status as having repaid all of the construction costs assignable to the con-tractor or the applicability of subsections (a) and (b) of section 213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 1269) once the amount re-quired to be paid by the contractor under the re-payment contract entered into pursuant to sub-section (a)(2)(A) have been paid. (d) E
FFECT ON EXISTING LAWNOTALTERED .— Implementation of the provisions of this subtitle shall not alter— (1) the repayment obligation of any water service or repayment contractor receiving water from the same water project, or shift any costs that would otherwise have been properly assign-able to the water users’ association identified in subsections (a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(3) absent this section, including operation and maintenance costs, construction costs, or other capitalized costs incurred after the date of the enactment of this Act, or to other contractors; and (2) specific requirements for the disposition of amounts received as repayments by the Sec-retary under the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.). (e) S
URFACE WATER STORAGE ENHANCEMENT  P
ROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (d)(2), three years following the date of enactment of this Act, 50 percent of receipts gen-erated from prepayment of contracts under this section beyond amounts necessary to cover the amount of receipts forgone from scheduled pay-ments under current law for the 10-year period following the date of enactment of this Act shall be directed to the Reclamation Surface Water Storage Account under paragraph (2). (2) S
URFACE STORAGE ACCOUNT .—The Sec- retary shall allocate amounts collected under paragraph (1) into the ‘‘Reclamation Surface Storage Account’’ to fund the construction of surface water storage. The Secretary may also enter into cooperative agreements with water users’ associations for the construction of sur-face water storage and amounts within the Sur-face Storage Account may be used to fund such construction. Surface water storage projects that are otherwise not federally authorized shall not be considered Federal facilities as a result of any amounts allocated from the Surface Storage Account for part or all of such facilities. (3) REPAYMENT .—Amounts used for surface water storage construction from the Account shall be fully reimbursed to the Account con-sistent with the requirements under Federal rec-lamation law (the law (the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093))), and Acts supple-mental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.) except that all funds reimbursed shall be deposited in the Account established under paragraph (2). (4) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts de-posited in the Account under this subsection shall— (A) be made available in accordance with this section, subject to appropriation; and (B) be in addition to amounts appropriated for such purposes under any other provision of law. (5) P
URPOSES OF SURFACE WATER STORAGE .— Construction of surface water storage under this section shall be made for the following purposes: (A) Increased municipal and industrial water supply. (B) Agricultural floodwater, erosion, and sedi-mentation reduction. (C) Agricultural drainage improvements. (D) Agricultural irrigation. (E) Increased recreation opportunities. (F) Reduced adverse impacts to fish and wild-life from water storage or diversion projects within watersheds associated with water storage projects funded under this section. (G) Any other purposes consistent with rec-lamation laws or other Federal law. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this subtitle, the following definitions apply: (1) A
CCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Account’’ means the Reclamation Surface Water Storage Account es-tablished under subsection (e)(2). (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The term ‘‘construction’’ means the designing, materials engineering and testing, surveying, and building of surface water storage including additions to existing surface water storage and construction of new surface water storage facilities, exclusive of any Federal statutory or regulatory obligations re-lating to any permit, review, approval, or other such requirement. (3) S
URFACE WATER STORAGE .—The term ‘‘sur-face water storage’’ means any federally owned facility under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Reclamation or any non-Federal facility used for the surface storage and supply of water re-sources. (4) T
REASURY RATE .—The term ‘‘Treasury rate’’ means the 20-year Constant Maturity Treasury (CMT) rate published by the United States Department of the Treasury existing on the effective date of the contract. (5) W
ATER USERS ’ ASSOCIATION .—The term ‘‘water users’ association’’ means— (A) an entity organized and recognized under State laws that is eligible to enter into contracts with reclamation to receive contract water for delivery to and users of the water and to pay applicable charges; and (B) includes a variety of entities with dif-ferent names and differing functions, such as associations, conservatory district, irrigation district, municipality, and water project con-tract unit. Subtitle J—Safety of Dams 
SEC. 1121. AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL PROJECT BENEFITS. 
The Reclamation Safety of Dams Act of 1978 is amended— (1) in section 3, by striking ‘‘Construction’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 5B, construction’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3171 May 25, 2016 
(2) by inserting after section 5A (43 U.S.C. 509) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5B. AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL PROJECT BENEFITS. 
‘‘Notwithstanding section 3, if the Secretary determines that additional project benefits, in-cluding but not limited to additional conserva-tion storage capacity, are feasible and not in-consistent with the purposes of this Act, the Secretary is authorized to develop additional project benefits through the construction of new or supplementary works on a project in conjunc-tion with the Secretary’s activities under section 2 of this Act and subject to the conditions de-scribed in the feasibility study, provided— ‘‘(1) the Secretary determines that developing additional project benefits through the construc-tion of new or supplementary works on a project will promote more efficient management of water and water-related facilities; ‘‘(2) the feasibility study pertaining to addi-tional project benefits has been authorized pur-suant to section 8 of the Federal Water Project Recreation Act of 1965 (16 U.S.C. 4601–18); and ‘‘(3) the costs associated with developing the additional project benefits are agreed to in writ-ing between the Secretary and project pro-ponents and shall be allocated to the authorized purposes of the structure and repaid consistent with all provisions of Federal Reclamation law (the Act of June 17, 1902, 43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.) and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act.’’. Subtitle K—Water Rights Protection 
SEC. 1131. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Water Rights Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 1132. DEFINITION OF WATER RIGHT. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘water right’’ means any surface or groundwater right filed, per-mitted, certified, confirmed, decreed, adju-dicated, or otherwise recognized by a judicial proceeding or by the State in which the user ac-quires possession of the water or puts the water to beneficial use, including water rights for fed-erally recognized Indian tribes. 
SEC. 1133. TREATMENT OF WATER RIGHTS. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall not— (1) condition or withhold, in whole or in part, the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allot-ment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or occupancy agreement on— (A) limitation or encumbrance of any water right, or the transfer of any water right (includ-ing joint and sole ownership), directly or indi-rectly to the United States or any other des-ignee; or (B) any other impairment of any water right, in whole or in part, granted or otherwise recog-nized under State law, by Federal or State adju-dication, decree, or other judgment, or pursuant to any interstate water compact; (2) require any water user (including any fed-erally recognized Indian tribe) to apply for or acquire a water right in the name of the United States under State law as a condition of the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or oc-cupancy agreement; (3) assert jurisdiction over groundwater with-drawals or impacts on groundwater resources, unless jurisdiction is asserted, and any regu-latory or policy actions taken pursuant to such assertion are, consistent with, and impose no greater restrictions or regulatory requirements than, applicable State laws (including regula-tions) and policies governing the protection and use of groundwater resources; or (4) infringe on the rights and obligations of a State in evaluating, allocating, and adjudi-cating the waters of the State originating on or under, or flowing from, land owned or managed by the Federal Government. SEC. 1134. RECOGNITION OF STATE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out section 1133, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall— (1) recognize the longstanding authority of the States relating to evaluating, protecting, al-locating, regulating, and adjudicating ground-water by any means, including a rulemaking, permitting, directive, water court adjudication, resource management planning, regional au-thority, or other policy; and (2) coordinate with the States in the adoption and implementation by the Secretary of the In-terior or the Secretary of Agriculture of any rulemaking, policy, directive, management plan, or other similar Federal action so as to ensure that such actions are consistent with, and im-pose no greater restrictions or regulatory re-quirements than, State groundwater laws and programs. (b) E
FFECT ON STATE WATER RIGHTS .—In car- rying out this subtitle, the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall not take any action that adversely affects— (1) any water rights granted by a State; (2) the authority of a State in adjudicating water rights; (3) definitions established by a State with re-spect to the term ‘‘beneficial use’’, ‘‘priority of water rights’’, or ‘‘terms of use’’; (4) terms and conditions of groundwater with-drawal, guidance and reporting procedures, and conservation and source protection measures es-tablished by a State; (5) the use of groundwater in accordance with State law; or (6) any other rights and obligations of a State established under State law. 
SEC. 1135. EFFECT OF TITLE. 
(a) E FFECT ON EXISTING AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this subtitle limits or expands any existing le-gally recognized authority of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to issue, grant, or condition any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or occupancy agreement on Federal land subject to the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Ag-riculture, respectively. (b) E
FFECT ON RECLAMATION CONTRACTS .— Nothing in this subtitle interferes with Bureau of Reclamation contracts entered into pursuant to the reclamation laws. (c) E
FFECT ON ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT.— Nothing in this subtitle affects the implementa-tion of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (d) E
FFECT ON FEDERAL RESERVED WATER R
IGHTS .—Nothing in this subtitle limits or ex-pands any existing or claimed reserved water rights of the Federal Government on land ad-ministered by the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture. (e) E
FFECT ON FEDERAL POWER ACT.—Nothing in this subtitle limits or expands authorities under sections 4(e), 10(j), or 18 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 797(e), 803(j), 811). (f) E
FFECT ON INDIAN WATER RIGHTS .—Noth- ing in this subtitle limits or expands any water right or treaty right of any federally recognized Indian tribe. TITLE II—SPORTSMEN’S HERITAGE AND RECREATIONAL ENHANCEMENT ACT 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Sportsmen’s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act’’ or the ‘‘SHARE Act’’. 
SEC. 2002. REPORT ON ECONOMIC IMPACT. 
Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Interior shall submit a report to Congress that assesses expected economic impacts of the Act. Such re-port shall include— (1) a review of any expected increases in rec-reational hunting, fishing, shooting, and con-servation activities; (2) an estimate of any jobs created in each in-dustry expected to support such activities de-scribed in paragraph (1), including in the sup-ply, manufacturing, distribution, and retail sec-tors; (3) an estimate of wages related to jobs de-scribed in paragraph (2); and (4) an estimate of anticipated new local, State, and Federal revenue related to jobs described in paragraph (2). Subtitle A—Hunting, Fishing and Recreational Shooting Protection Act SEC. 2011. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Hunting, Fishing, and Recreational Shooting Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2012. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION. 
Section 3(2)(B) of the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act (15 U.S.C. 2602(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and in-serting ‘‘, or any component of any such article including, without limitation, shot, bullets and other projectiles, propellants, and primers,’’; (2) in clause (vi) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (3) by inserting after clause (vi) the following: ‘‘(vii) any sport fishing equipment (as such term is defined in subsection (a) of section 4162 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) the sale of which is subject to the tax imposed by section 4161(a) of such Code (determined without regard to any exemptions from such tax as provided by section 4162 or 4221 or any other provision of such Code), and sport fishing equipment compo-nents.’’. 
SEC. 2013. LIMITATION ON AUTHORITY TO REGU-LATE AMMUNITION AND FISHING TACKLE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sec-tion 20.21 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, or any substantially similar suc-cessor regulation thereto, the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, and, ex-cept as provided by subsection (b), any bureau, service, or office of the Department of the Inte-rior or the Department of Agriculture, may not regulate the use of ammunition cartridges, am-munition components, or fishing tackle based on the lead content thereof if such use is in compli-ance with the law of the State in which the use occurs. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Park Serv-ice. Subtitle B—Target Practice and Marksmanship Training Support Act 
SEC. 2021. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Target Practice and Marksmanship Training Support Act’’. 
SEC. 2022. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the use of firearms and archery equipment for target practice and marksmanship training activities on Federal land is allowed, except to the extent specific portions of that land have been closed to those activities; (2) in recent years preceding the date of en-actment of this Act, portions of Federal land have been closed to target practice and marks-manship training for many reasons; (3) the availability of public target ranges on non-Federal land has been declining for a vari-ety of reasons, including continued population growth and development near former ranges; (4) providing opportunities for target practice and marksmanship training at public target ranges on Federal and non-Federal land can help— (A) to promote enjoyment of shooting, rec-reational, and hunting activities; and (B) to ensure safe and convenient locations for those activities; (5) Federal law in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act, including the Pittman-Robert-son Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669 et 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3172 May 25, 2016 
seq.), provides Federal support for construction and expansion of public target ranges by mak-ing available to States amounts that may be used for construction, operation, and mainte-nance of public target ranges; and (6) it is in the public interest to provide in-creased Federal support to facilitate the con-struction or expansion of public target ranges. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this subtitle is to facilitate the construction and expansion of public target ranges, including ranges on Fed-eral land managed by the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management. 
SEC. 2023. DEFINITION OF PUBLIC TARGET RANGE. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘public target range’’ means a specific location that— (1) is identified by a governmental agency for recreational shooting; (2) is open to the public; (3) may be supervised; and (4) may accommodate archery or rifle, pistol, or shotgun shooting. 
SEC. 2024. AMENDMENTS TO PITTMAN-ROBERT-SON WILDLIFE RESTORATION ACT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669a) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (8) as paragraphs (3) through (9), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) the term ‘public target range’ means a specific location that— ‘‘(A) is identified by a governmental agency for recreational shooting; ‘‘(B) is open to the public; ‘‘(C) may be supervised; and ‘‘(D) may accommodate archery or rifle, pis-tol, or shotgun shooting;’’. (b) E
XPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF WILD-
LIFEAREAS AND RESOURCES .—Section 8(b) of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669g(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(b) Each State’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
XPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF  W
ILDLIFE AREAS AND RESOURCES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), each State’’; (2) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘construction, operation,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘operation’’; (3) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The non-Federal share’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share’’; (4) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as des-ignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the limita-tion described in paragraph (1), a State may pay up to 90 percent of the cost of acquiring land for, expanding, or constructing a public target range.’’. (c) F
IREARM AND BOWHUNTER EDUCATION  
AND SAFETY PROGRAM GRANTS .—Section 10 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669h–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION OF ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS .— Of the amount apportioned to a State for any fiscal year under section 4(b), the State may elect to allocate not more than 10 percent, to be combined with the amount apportioned to the State under paragraph (1) for that fiscal year, for acquiring land for, expanding, or con-structing a public target range.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) C
OSTSHARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out using a grant under this section shall not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the activity. ‘‘(2) PUBLIC TARGET RANGE CONSTRUCTION OR  
EXPANSION .—The Federal share of the cost of acquiring land for, expanding, or constructing a public target range in a State on Federal or non-Federal land pursuant to this section or section 8(b) shall not exceed 90 percent of the cost of the activity.’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Amounts made’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), amounts made’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Amounts provided for ac-quiring land for, constructing, or expanding a public target range shall remain available for expenditure and obligation during the 5-fiscal- year period beginning on October 1 of the first fiscal year for which the amounts are made available.’’. 
SEC. 2025. LIMITS ON LIABILITY. 
(a) D ISCRETIONARY FUNCTION .—For purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’), any action by an agent or em-ployee of the United States to manage or allow the use of Federal land for purposes of target practice or marksmanship training by a member of the public shall be considered to be the exer-cise or performance of a discretionary function. (b) C
IVILACTION OR CLAIMS .—Except to the extent provided in chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, the United States shall not be sub-ject to any civil action or claim for money dam-ages for any injury to or loss of property, per-sonal injury, or death caused by an activity oc-curring at a public target range that is— (1) funded in whole or in part by the Federal Government pursuant to the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669 et seq.); or (2) located on Federal land. 
SEC. 2026. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING CO-OPERATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that, consistent with applicable laws and regulations, the Chief of the Forest Service and the Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management should cooperate with State and local authorities and other enti-ties to carry out waste removal and other activi-ties on any Federal land used as a public target range to encourage continued use of that land for target practice or marksmanship training. Subtitle C—Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act 
SEC. 2031. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act’’. 
SEC. 2032. PERMITS FOR IMPORTATION OF POLAR BEAR TROPHIES TAKEN IN SPORT HUNTS IN CANADA. 
Section 104(c)(5)(D) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1374(c)(5)(D)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D)(i) The Secretary of the Interior shall, ex-peditiously after the expiration of the applicable 30-day period under subsection (d)(2), issue a permit for the importation of any polar bear part (other than an internal organ) from a polar bear taken in a sport hunt in Canada to any person— ‘‘(I) who submits, with the permit application, proof that the polar bear was legally harvested by the person before February 18, 1997; or ‘‘(II) who has submitted, in support of a per-mit application submitted before May 15, 2008, proof that the polar bear was legally harvested by the person before May 15, 2008, from a polar bear population from which a sport-hunted tro-phy could be imported before that date in ac-cordance with section 18.30(i) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary shall issue permits under clause (i)(I) without regard to subparagraphs (A) and (C)(ii) of this paragraph, subsection (d)(3), and sections 101 and 102. Sections 101(a)(3)(B) and 102(b)(3) shall not apply to the importation of any polar bear part authorized by a permit issued under clause (i)(I). This clause shall not apply to polar bear parts that were imported before June 12, 1997. ‘‘(iii) The Secretary shall issue permits under clause (i)(II) without regard to subparagraph (C)(ii) of this paragraph or subsection (d)(3). Sections 101(a)(3)(B) and 102(b)(3) shall not apply to the importation of any polar bear part authorized by a permit issued under clause (i)(II). This clause shall not apply to polar bear parts that were imported before the date of en-actment of the Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act.’’. Subtitle D—Recreational Lands Self-Defense Act SEC. 2041. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Rec-reational Lands Self-Defense Act’’. 
SEC. 2042. PROTECTING AMERICANS FROM VIO-LENT CRIME. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The Second Amendment to the Constitu-tion provides that ‘‘the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed’’. (2) Section 327.13 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, provides that, except in special cir-cumstances, ‘‘possession of loaded firearms, am-munition, loaded projectile firing devices, bows and arrows, crossbows, or other weapons is pro-hibited’’ at water resources development projects administered by the Secretary of the Army. (3) The regulations described in paragraph (2) prevent individuals complying with Federal and State laws from exercising the second amend-ment rights of the individuals while at such water resources development projects. (4) The Federal laws should make it clear that the second amendment rights of an individual at a water resources development project should not be infringed. (b) P
ROTECTING THE RIGHT OF INDIVIDUALS TO B
EAR ARMS AT WATER RESOURCES DEVELOP -
MENT PROJECTS .—The Secretary of the Army shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from possessing a firearm, including an assembled or functional firearm, at a water resources development project covered under section 327.0 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if— (1) the individual is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing the firearm; and (2) the possession of the firearm is in compli-ance with the law of the State in which the water resources development project is located. Subtitle E—Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council Advisory Committee 
SEC. 2051. WILDLIFE AND HUNTING HERITAGE CONSERVATION COUNCIL ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10. WILDLIFE AND HUNTING HERITAGE CONSERVATION COUNCIL ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby estab-lished the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Con-servation Council Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Advisory Committee’) to advise the Secretaries of the Interior and Ag-riculture on wildlife and habitat conservation, hunting, and recreational shooting. ‘‘(b) C
ONTINUANCE AND ABOLISHMENT OF EX-
ISTING WILDLIFE AND HUNTING HERITAGE CON-
SERVATION COUNCIL .—The Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council established pur-suant to section 441 of the Revised Statutes (43 U.S.C. 1457), section 2 of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a), and other Acts ap-plicable to specific bureaus of the Department of the Interior— ‘‘(1) shall continue until the date of the first meeting of the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3173 May 25, 2016 
Conservation Council established by the amend-ment made by subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) is hereby abolished effective on that date. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES OF THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— The Advisory Committee shall advise the Secre-taries with regard to— ‘‘(1) implementation of Executive Order No. 13443: Facilitation of Hunting Heritage and Wildlife Conservation, which directs Federal agencies ‘to facilitate the expansion and en-hancement of hunting opportunities and the management of game species and their habitat’; ‘‘(2) policies or programs to conserve and re-store wetlands, agricultural lands, grasslands, forest, and rangeland habitats; ‘‘(3) policies or programs to promote opportu-nities and access to hunting and shooting sports on Federal lands; ‘‘(4) policies or programs to recruit and retain new hunters and shooters; ‘‘(5) policies or programs that increase public awareness of the importance of wildlife con-servation and the social and economic benefits of recreational hunting and shooting; and ‘‘(6) policies or programs that encourage co-ordination among the public, the hunting and shooting sports community, wildlife conserva-tion groups, and States, tribes, and the Federal Government. ‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall consist of no more than 16 discretionary members and 8 ex officio members. ‘‘(B) E
X OFFICIO MEMBERS .—The ex officio members are— ‘‘(i) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service or a designated representative of the Director; ‘‘(ii) the Director of the Bureau of Land Man-agement or a designated representative of the Director; ‘‘(iii) the Director of the National Park Serv-ice or a designated representative of the Direc-tor; ‘‘(iv) the Chief of the Forest Service or a des-ignated representative of the Chief; ‘‘(v) the Chief of the Natural Resources Con-servation Service or a designated representative of the Chief; ‘‘(vi) the Administrator of the Farm Service Agency or a designated representative of the Administrator; ‘‘(vii) the Executive Director of the Associa-tion of Fish and Wildlife Agencies; and ‘‘(viii) the Administrator of the Small Business Administration or designated representative. ‘‘(C) D
ISCRETIONARY MEMBERS .—The discre-tionary members shall be appointed jointly by the Secretaries from at least one of each of the following: ‘‘(i) State fish and wildlife agencies. ‘‘(ii) Game bird hunting organizations. ‘‘(iii) Wildlife conservation organizations. ‘‘(iv) Big game hunting organizations. ‘‘(v) Waterfowl hunting organizations. ‘‘(vi) The tourism, outfitter, or guiding indus-try. ‘‘(vii) The firearms or ammunition manufac-turing industry. ‘‘(viii) The hunting or shooting equipment re-tail industry. ‘‘(ix) Tribal resource management organiza-tions. ‘‘(x) The agriculture industry. ‘‘(xi) The ranching industry. ‘‘(xii) Women’s hunting and fishing advocacy, outreach, or education organization. ‘‘(xiii) Minority hunting and fishing advo-cacy, outreach, or education organization. ‘‘(xiv) Veterans service organization. ‘‘(D) E
LIGIBILITY .—Prior to the appointment of the discretionary members, the Secretaries shall determine that all individuals nominated for appointment to the Advisory Committee, and the organization each individual represents, ac-tively support and promote sustainable-use hunting, wildlife conservation, and recreational shooting. ‘‘(2) TERMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), members of the Advisory Com-mittee shall be appointed for a term of 4 years. Members shall not be appointed for more than 3 consecutive or nonconsecutive terms. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS OF INITIAL APPOINTEES .—As des- ignated by the Secretary at the time of appoint-ment, of the members first appointed— ‘‘(i) 6 members shall be appointed for a term of 4 years; ‘‘(ii) 5 members shall be appointed for a term of 3 years; and ‘‘(iii) 5 members shall be appointed for a term of 2 years. ‘‘(3) P
RESERVATION OF PUBLIC ADVISORY STA -
TUS.—No individual may be appointed as a dis-cretionary member of the Advisory Committee while serving as an officer or employee of the Federal Government. ‘‘(4) V
ACANCY AND REMOVAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any vacancy on the Advi-sory Committee shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. ‘‘(B) R
EMOVAL .—Advisory Committee members shall serve at the discretion of the Secretaries and may be removed at any time for good cause. ‘‘(5) C
ONTINUATION OF SERVICE .—Each ap- pointed member may continue to serve after the expiration of the term of office to which such member was appointed until a successor has been appointed. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson of the Advisory Committee shall be appointed for a 3- year term by the Secretaries, jointly, from among the members of the Advisory Committee. An individual may not be appointed as Chair-person for more than 2 consecutive or non-consecutive terms. ‘‘(7) P
AY AND EXPENSES .—Members of the Ad-visory Committee shall serve without pay for such service, but each member of the Advisory Committee may be reimbursed for travel and lodging incurred through attending meetings of the Advisory Committee approved subgroup meetings in the same amounts and under the same conditions as Federal employees (in ac-cordance with section 5703 of title 5, United States Code). ‘‘(8) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall meet at the call of the Secretaries, the chairperson, or a majority of the members, but not less frequently than twice annually. ‘‘(B) O
PEN MEETINGS .—Each meeting of the Advisory Committee shall be open to the public. ‘‘(C) P
RIOR NOTICE OF MEETINGS .—Timely no-tice of each meeting of the Advisory Committee shall be published in the Federal Register and be submitted to trade publications and publica-tions of general circulation. ‘‘(D) S
UBGROUPS .—The Advisory Committee may establish such workgroups or subgroups as it deems necessary for the purpose of compiling information or conducting research. However, such workgroups may not conduct business without the direction of the Advisory Committee and must report in full to the Advisory Com-mittee. ‘‘(9) Q
UORUM .—Nine members of the Advisory Committee shall constitute a quorum. ‘‘(e) E
XPENSES .—The expenses of the Advisory Committee that the Secretaries determine to be reasonable and appropriate shall be paid by the Secretaries. ‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT , T ECHNICAL  S
ERVICES , AND ADVICE .—A designated Federal Officer shall be jointly appointed by the Secre-taries to provide to the Advisory Committee the administrative support, technical services, and advice that the Secretaries determine to be rea-sonable and appropriate. ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIRED .—Not later than September 30 of each year, the Advisory Committee shall sub-mit a report to the Secretaries, the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. If circumstances arise in which the Advisory Committee cannot meet the September 30 deadline in any year, the Secretaries shall advise the Chairpersons of each such Committee of the reasons for such delay and the date on which the submission of the report is anticipated. ‘‘(2) CONTENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall describe— ‘‘(A) the activities of the Advisory Committee during the preceding year; ‘‘(B) the reports and recommendations made by the Advisory Committee to the Secretaries during the preceding year; and ‘‘(C) an accounting of actions taken by the Secretaries as a result of the recommendations. ‘‘(h) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— The Advisory Committee shall be exempt from the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. Subtitle F—Recreational Fishing and Hunting Heritage Opportunities Act 
SEC. 2061. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Rec-reational Fishing and Hunting Heritage and Opportunities Act’’. 
SEC. 2062. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) recreational fishing and hunting are im-portant and traditional activities in which mil-lions of Americans participate; (2) recreational anglers and hunters have been and continue to be among the foremost supporters of sound fish and wildlife manage-ment and conservation in the United States; (3) recreational fishing and hunting are envi-ronmentally acceptable and beneficial activities that occur and can be provided on Federal lands and waters without adverse effects on other uses or users; (4) recreational anglers, hunters, and sporting organizations provide direct assistance to fish and wildlife managers and enforcement officers of the Federal Government as well as State and local governments by investing volunteer time and effort to fish and wildlife conservation; (5) recreational anglers, hunters, and the as-sociated industries have generated billions of dollars of critical funding for fish and wildlife conservation, research, and management by pro-viding revenues from purchases of fishing and hunting licenses, permits, and stamps, as well as excise taxes on fishing, hunting, and rec-reational shooting equipment that have gen-erated billions of dollars of critical funding for fish and wildlife conservation, research, and management; (6) recreational shooting is also an important and traditional activity in which millions of Americans participate; (7) safe recreational shooting is a valid use of Federal lands, including the establishment of safe and convenient recreational shooting ranges on such lands, and participation in rec-reational shooting helps recruit and retain hunters and contributes to wildlife conserva-tion; (8) opportunities to recreationally fish, hunt, and shoot are declining, which depresses par-ticipation in these traditional activities, and de-pressed participation adversely impacts fish and wildlife conservation and funding for important conservation efforts; and (9) the public interest would be served, and our citizens’ fish and wildlife resources bene-fitted, by action to ensure that opportunities are facilitated to engage in fishing and hunting on Federal land as recognized by Executive Order No. 12962, relating to recreational fisheries, and Executive Order No. 13443, relating to facilita-tion of hunting heritage and wildlife conserva-tion. 
SEC. 2063. FISHING, HUNTING, AND REC-REATIONAL SHOOTING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3174 May 25, 2016 
(1) F EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means any land or water that is owned by the United States and under the administrative ju-risdiction of the Bureau of Land Management or the Forest Service. (2) F
EDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT OFFICIALS .— The term ‘‘Federal land management officials’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior and Director of the Bureau of Land Management regarding Bureau of Land Management lands and inter-ests in lands under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Bureau of Land Management; and (B) the Secretary of Agriculture and Chief of the Forest Service regarding National Forest System lands. (3) H
UNTING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the term ‘‘hunting’’ means use of a firearm, bow, or other authorized means in the lawful— (i) pursuit, shooting, capture, collection, trap-ping, or killing of wildlife; (ii) attempt to pursue, shoot, capture, collect, trap, or kill wildlife; or (iii) the training of hunting dogs, including field trials. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘hunting’’ does not include the use of skilled volunteers to cull excess animals (as defined by other Federal law). (4) R
ECREATIONAL FISHING .—The term ‘‘rec-reational fishing’’ means the lawful— (A) pursuit, capture, collection, or killing of fish; or (B) attempt to capture, collect, or kill fish. (5) R
ECREATIONAL SHOOTING .—The term ‘‘rec-reational shooting’’ means any form of sport, training, competition, or pastime, whether for-mal or informal, that involves the discharge of a rifle, handgun, or shotgun, or the use of a bow and arrow. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and subsection (e), and cooperation with the respective State fish and wildlife agency, Federal land management officials shall exercise authority under existing law, including provi-sions regarding land use planning, to facilitate use of and access to Federal lands, including National Monuments, Wilderness Areas, Wilder-ness Study Areas, and lands administratively classified as wilderness eligible or suitable and primitive or semi-primitive areas, for fishing, hunting, and recreational shooting, except as limited by— (1) statutory authority that authorizes action or withholding action for reasons of national se-curity, public safety, or resource conservation; (2) any other Federal statute that specifically precludes fishing, hunting, or recreational shooting on specific Federal lands, waters, or units thereof; and (3) discretionary limitations on fishing, hunt-ing, and recreational shooting determined to be necessary and reasonable as supported by the best scientific evidence and advanced through a transparent public process. (c) M
ANAGEMENT .—Consistent with subsection (a), Federal land management officials shall ex-ercise their land management discretion— (1) in a manner that supports and facilitates fishing, hunting, and recreational shooting op-portunities; (2) to the extent authorized under applicable State law; and (3) in accordance with applicable Federal law. (d) P
LANNING .— (1) E
VALUATION OF EFFECTS ON OPPORTUNITIES  
TO ENGAGE IN FISHING , HUNTING , OR REC -
REATIONAL SHOOTING .—Planning documents that apply to Federal lands, including land re-sources management plans, resource manage-ment plans, travel management plans, and gen-eral management plans shall include a specific evaluation of the effects of such plans on oppor-tunities to engage in fishing, hunting, or rec-reational shooting. (2) S
TRATEGIC GROWTH POLICY FOR THE NA -
TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE SYSTEM .—Section 4(a)(3) of the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd(a)(3)) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (B), the following: ‘‘(C) the Secretary shall integrate wildlife-de-pendent recreational uses in accordance with their status as priority general public uses into proposed or existing regulations, policies, cri-teria, plans, or other activities to alter or amend the manner in which individual refuges or the National Wildlife Refuge System (System) are managed, including, but not limited to, any ac-tivities which target or prioritize criteria for long and short term System acquisitions;’’. (3) NO MAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .—No action taken under this subtitle, or under section 4 of the National Wildlife Refuge System Adminis-tration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd), either indi-vidually or cumulatively with other actions in-volving Federal lands or lands managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, shall be considered to be a major Federal action signifi-cantly affecting the quality of the human envi-ronment, and no additional identification, anal-ysis, or consideration of environmental effects, including cumulative effects, is necessary or re-quired. (4) O
THER ACTIVITY NOT CONSIDERED .—Fed- eral land management officials are not required to consider the existence or availability of fish-ing, hunting, or recreational shooting opportu-nities on adjacent or nearby public or private lands in the planning for or determination of which Federal lands are open for these activities or in the setting of levels of use for these activi-ties on Federal lands, unless the combination or coordination of such opportunities would en-hance the fishing, hunting, or recreational shooting opportunities available to the public. (e) F
EDERAL LANDS.— (1) L
ANDS OPEN .—Lands under the jurisdic-tion of the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service, including Wilderness Areas, Wilderness Study Areas, lands designated as wilderness or administratively classified as wil-derness eligible or suitable and primitive or semi-primitive areas and National Monuments, but excluding lands on the Outer Continental Shelf, shall be open to fishing, hunting, and rec-reational shooting unless the managing Federal agency acts to close lands to such activity. Lands may be subject to closures or restrictions if determined by the head of the agency to be necessary and reasonable and supported by facts and evidence, for purposes including re-source conservation, public safety, energy or mineral production, energy generation or trans-mission infrastructure, water supply facilities, protection of other permittees, protection of pri-vate property rights or interest, national secu-rity, or compliance with other law. (2) R
ECREATIONAL SHOOTING RANGES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal agency shall use his or her authorities in a man-ner consistent with this Act and other applica-ble law, to— (i) lease or permit use of lands under the juris-diction of the agency for recreational shooting ranges; and (ii) designate specific lands under the jurisdic-tion of the agency for recreational shooting ac-tivities. (B) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Any designa-tion under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall not sub-ject the United States to any civil action or claim for monetary damages for injury or loss of property or personal injury or death caused by any activity occurring at or on such designated lands. (f) N
ECESSITY IN WILDERNESS AREAS AND  ‘‘W
ITHIN AND SUPPLEMENTAL TO ’’ W ILDERNESS  P
URPOSES .— (1) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR ADMINISTRA -
TION.—The provision of opportunities for fish-ing, hunting, and recreational shooting, and the conservation of fish and wildlife to provide sus-tainable use recreational opportunities on des-ignated Federal wilderness areas shall con-stitute measures necessary to meet the minimum requirements for the administration of the wil-derness area, provided that this determination shall not authorize or facilitate commodity de-velopment, use, or extraction, motorized rec-reational access or use that is not otherwise al-lowed under the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), or permanent road construction or maintenance within designated wilderness areas. (2) APPLICATION OF WILDERNESS ACT .—Provi- sions of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), stipulating that wilderness purposes are ‘‘within and supplemental to’’ the purposes of the underlying Federal land unit are reaffirmed. When seeking to carry out fish and wildlife con-servation programs and projects or provide fish and wildlife dependent recreation opportunities on designated wilderness areas, each Federal land management official shall implement these supplemental purposes so as to facilitate, en-hance, or both, but not to impede the under-lying Federal land purposes when seeking to carry out fish and wildlife conservation pro-grams and projects or provide fish and wildlife dependent recreation opportunities in des-ignated wilderness areas, provided that such im-plementation shall not authorize or facilitate commodity development, use or extraction, or permanent road construction or maintenance within designated wilderness areas. (g) N
OPRIORITY .—Nothing in this section re-quires a Federal land management official to give preference to fishing, hunting, or rec-reational shooting over other uses of Federal land or over land or water management prior-ities established by Federal law. (h) C
ONSULTATION WITHCOUNCILS .—In ful- filling the duties under this section, Federal land management officials shall consult with re-spective advisory councils as established in Ex-ecutive Order Nos. 12962 and 13443. (i) A
UTHORITY OF THE STATES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as interfering with, diminishing, or conflicting with the au-thority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of any State to exercise primary management, control, or regulation of fish and wildlife under State law (including regulations) on land or water within the State, including on Federal land. (j) F
EDERAL LICENSES .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to authorize a Federal land management official to require a license, fee, or permit to fish, hunt, or trap on land or water in a State, including on Federal land in the States, except that this subsection shall not affect the Migratory Bird Stamp requirement set forth in the Migratory Bird Hunting and Con-servation Stamp Act (16 U.S.C. 718 et seq.). 
SEC. 2064. VOLUNTEER HUNTERS; REPORTS; CLO-SURES AND RESTRICTIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) P
UBLIC LAND .—The term ‘‘public land’’ means— (A) units of the National Park System; (B) National Forest System lands; and (C) land and interests in land owned by the United States and under the administrative ju-risdiction of— (i) the Fish and Wildlife Service; or (ii) the Bureau of Land Management. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior and includes the Director of the National Park Service, with regard to units of the National Park System; (B) the Secretary of the Interior and includes the Director of the Fish and Wildlife Service, with regard to Fish and Wildlife Service lands and waters; (C) the Secretary of the Interior and includes the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, with regard to Bureau of Land Manage-ment lands and waters; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3175 May 25, 2016 
(D) the Secretary of Agriculture and includes the Chief of the Forest Service, with regard to National Forest System lands. (3) V
OLUNTEER FROM THE HUNTING COMMU -
NITY.—The term ‘‘volunteer from the hunting community’’ means a volunteer who holds a valid hunting license issued by a State. (b) V
OLUNTEER HUNTERS .—When planning wildlife management involving reducing the size of a wildlife population on public land, the Sec-retary shall consider the use of and may use vol-unteers from the hunting community as agents to assist in carrying out wildlife management on public land. The Secretary shall not reject the use of volunteers from the hunting community as agents without the concurrence of the appro-priate State wildlife management authorities. (c) R
EPORT .—Beginning on the second Octo-ber 1 after the date of the enactment of this Act and biennially on October 1 thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (1) any public land administered by the Sec-retary that was closed to fishing, hunting, and recreational shooting at any time during the preceding year; and (2) the reason for the closure. (d) C
LOSURES OR SIGNIFICANT RESTRICTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Other than closures estab-lished or prescribed by land planning actions re-ferred to in section 2064(e) or emergency closures described in paragraph (2), a permanent or tem-porary withdrawal, change of classification, or change of management status of public land that effectively closes or significantly restricts any acreage of public land to access or use for fishing, hunting, recreational shooting, or ac-tivities related to fishing, hunting, or rec-reational shooting, or a combination of those ac-tivities, shall take effect only if, before the date of withdrawal or change, the Secretary— (A) publishes appropriate notice of the with-drawal or change, respectively; (B) demonstrates that coordination has oc-curred with a State fish and wildlife agency; and (C) submits to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate written notice of the withdrawal or change, respectively. (2) E
MERGENCY CLOSURES .—Nothing in this Act prohibits the Secretary from establishing or implementing emergency closures or restrictions of the smallest practicable area to provide for public safety, resource conservation, national security, or other purposes authorized by law. Such an emergency closure shall terminate after a reasonable period of time unless converted to a permanent closure consistent with this Act. Subtitle G—Farmer and Hunter Protection Act 
SEC. 2071. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Hunter and Farmer Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2072. BAITING OF MIGRATORY GAME BIRDS. 
Section 3 of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 704) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION OF BAITING .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) B
AITED AREA .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘baited area’ means— ‘‘(I) any area on which salt, grain, or other feed has been placed, exposed, deposited, dis-tributed, or scattered, if the salt, grain, or feed could lure or attract migratory game birds; and ‘‘(II) in the case of waterfowl, cranes (family Gruidae), and coots (family Rallidae), a stand-ing, unharvested crop that has been manipu-lated through activities such as mowing, discing, or rolling, unless the activities are nor-mal agricultural practices. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—An area shall not be con-sidered to be a ‘baited area’ if the area— ‘‘(I) has been treated with a normal agricul-tural practice; ‘‘(II) has standing crops that have not been manipulated; or ‘‘(III) has standing crops that have been or are flooded. ‘‘(B) BAITING .—The term ‘baiting’ means the direct or indirect placing, exposing, depositing, distributing, or scattering of salt, grain, or other feed that could lure or attract migratory game birds to, on, or over any areas on which a hun-ter is attempting to take migratory game birds. ‘‘(C) M
IGRATORY GAME BIRD .—The term ‘mi-gratory game bird’ means migratory bird spe-cies— ‘‘(i) that are within the taxonomic families of Anatidae, Columbidae, Gruidae, Rallidae, and Scolopacidae; and ‘‘(ii) for which open seasons are prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior. ‘‘(D) N
ORMAL AGRICULTURAL PRACTICE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘normal agricul-tural practice’ means any practice in 1 annual growing season that— ‘‘(I) is carried out in order to produce a mar-ketable crop, including planting, harvest, postharvest, or soil conservation practices; and ‘‘(II) is recommended for the successful har-vest of a given crop by the applicable State of-fice of the Cooperative Extension System of the Department of Agriculture, in consultation with, and if requested, the concurrence of, the head of the applicable State department of fish and wildlife. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), the term ‘normal agricultural practice’ includes the destruction of a crop in accordance with practices required by the Federal Crop Insur-ance Corporation for agricultural producers to obtain crop insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) on land on which a crop during the current or immediately preceding crop year was not harvestable due to a natural disaster (including any hurricane, storm, tornado, flood, high water, wind-driven water, tidal wave, tsunami, earthquake, vol-canic eruption, landslide, mudslide, drought, fire, snowstorm, or other catastrophe that is de-clared a major disaster by the President in ac-cordance with section 401 of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170)). ‘‘(II) L
IMITATIONS .—The term ‘normal agricul-tural practice’ only includes a crop described in subclause (I) that has been destroyed or manip-ulated through activities that include (but are not limited to) mowing, discing, or rolling if the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation certifies that flooding was not an acceptable method of destruction to obtain crop insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.). ‘‘(E) W
ATERFOWL .—The term ‘waterfowl’ means native species of the family Anatidae. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—It shall be unlawful for any person— ‘‘(A) to take any migratory game bird by bait-ing or on or over any baited area, if the person knows or reasonably should know that the area is a baited area; or ‘‘(B) to place or direct the placement of bait on or adjacent to an area for the purpose of causing, inducing, or allowing any person to take or attempt to take any migratory game bird by baiting or on or over the baited area. ‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior may promulgate regulations to implement this subsection. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .—Annually, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a report that describes any changes to normal agricultural practices across the range of crops grown by agricultural producers in each region of the United States in which the recommendations are provided to agricultural producers.’’. Subtitle H—Transporting Bows Across National Park Service Lands SEC. 2081. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Hunter Ac-cess Corridors Act’’. 
SEC. 2082. BOWHUNTING OPPORTUNITY AND WILDLIFE STEWARDSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 1015 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 101513. Hunter access corridors ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) N
OT READY FOR IMMEDIATE USE .—The term ‘not ready for immediate use’ means— ‘‘(A) a bow or crossbow, the arrows of which are secured or stowed in a quiver or other arrow transport case; and ‘‘(B) with respect to a crossbow, uncocked. ‘‘(2) V
ALID HUNTING LICENSE .—The term ‘valid hunting license’ means a State-issued hunting license that authorizes an individual to hunt on private or public land adjacent to the System unit in which the individual is located while in possession of a bow or crossbow that is not ready for immediate use. ‘‘(b) T
RANSPORTATION AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall not re-quire a permit for, or promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from transporting bows and crossbows that are not ready for immediate use across any System unit if— ‘‘(A) in the case of an individual traversing the System unit on foot— ‘‘(i) the individual is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing the bows and crossbows; ‘‘(ii) the bows or crossbows are not ready for immediate use throughout the period during which the bows or crossbows are transported across the System unit; ‘‘(iii) the possession of the bows and crossbows is in compliance with the law of the State in which the System unit is located; and ‘‘(iv)(I) the individual possesses a valid hunt-ing license; ‘‘(II) the individual is traversing the System unit en route to a hunting access corridor estab-lished under subsection (c)(1); or ‘‘(III) the individual is traversing the System unit in compliance with any other applicable regulations or policies; or ‘‘(B) the bows or crossbows are not ready for immediate use and remain inside a vehicle. ‘‘(2) E
NFORCEMENT .—Nothing in this sub-section limits the authority of the Director to enforce laws (including regulations) prohibiting hunting or the taking of wildlife in any System unit. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF HUNTER ACCESS COR-
RIDORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On a determination by the Director under paragraph (2), the Director may establish and publish (in accordance with sec-tion 1.5 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation)), on a publicly avail-able map, hunter access corridors across System units that are used to access public land that is— ‘‘(A) contiguous to a System unit; and ‘‘(B) open to hunting. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION BY DIRECTOR .—The de- termination referred to in paragraph (1) is a de-termination that the hunter access corridor would provide wildlife management or visitor experience benefits within the boundary of the System unit in which the hunter access corridor is located. ‘‘(3) H
UNTING SEASON .—The hunter access cor-ridors shall be open for use during hunting sea-sons. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION .—The Director may establish limited periods during which access through the hunter access corridors is closed for reasons of public safety, administration, or compliance with applicable law. Such closures shall be clearly marked with signs and dates of closures, and shall not include gates, chains, walls, or other barriers on the hunter access corridor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3176 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(5) I DENTIFICATION OF CORRIDORS .—The Di- rector shall— ‘‘(A) make information regarding hunter ac-cess corridors available on the individual website of the applicable System unit; and ‘‘(B) provide information regarding any proc-esses established by the Director for trans-porting legally taken game through individual hunter access corridors. ‘‘(6) R
EGISTRATION ; TRANSPORTATION OF  
GAME .—The Director may— ‘‘(A) provide registration boxes to be located at the trailhead of each hunter access corridor for self-registration; ‘‘(B) provide a process for online self-registra-tion; and ‘‘(C) allow nonmotorized conveyances to transport legally taken game through a hunter access corridor established under this sub-section, including game carts and sleds. ‘‘(7) C
ONSULTATION WITH STATES .—The Direc-tor shall consult with each applicable State wildlife agency to identify appropriate hunter access corridors. ‘‘(d) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— ‘‘(1) diminishes, enlarges, or modifies any Federal or State authority with respect to rec-reational hunting, recreational shooting, or any other recreational activities within the bound-aries of a System unit; or ‘‘(2) authorizes— ‘‘(A) the establishment of new trails in System units; or ‘‘(B) authorizes individuals to access areas in System units, on foot or otherwise, that are not open to such access. ‘‘(e) N
OMAJOR FEDERAL ACTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any action taken under this section shall not be considered a major Fed-eral action significantly affecting the quality of the human environment under the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(2) N
O ADDITIONAL ACTION REQUIRED .—No additional identification, analyses, or consider-ation of environmental effects (including cumu-lative environmental effects) is necessary or re-quired with respect to an action taken under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 101512 the following: ‘‘101513. Hunter access corridors.’’. Subtitle I—Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act Reauthorization (FLTFA) 
SEC. 2091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act Reauthoriza-tion’’. 
SEC. 2092. FEDERAL LAND TRANSACTION FACILI-TATION ACT. 
The Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act is amended— (1) in section 203(1) (43 U.S.C. 2302(1)), by striking ‘‘cultural, or’’ and inserting ‘‘cultural, recreational access and use, or other’’; (2) in section 203(2) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘on the date of enactment of this Act was’’ and inserting ‘‘is’’; (3) in section 205 (43 U.S.C. 2304)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 206’’ and all that follows through the period and in-serting the following: ‘‘section 206— ‘‘(1) to complete appraisals and satisfy other legal requirements for the sale or exchange of public land identified for disposal under ap-proved land use plans under section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); ‘‘(2) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act Reauthorization, to establish and make available to the public, on the website of the Department of the Interior, a database containing a comprehensive list of all the land referred to in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(3) to maintain the database referred to in paragraph (2).’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘11’’ and in-serting ‘‘22’’; (4) by amending section 206(c)(1) (43 U.S.C. 2305(c)(1)) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) USE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Funds in the Federal Land Disposal Account shall be expended, subject to appropriation, in accordance with this sub-section. ‘‘(B) P
URPOSES .—Except as authorized under paragraph (2), funds in the Federal Land Dis-posal Account shall be used for one or more of the following purposes: ‘‘(i) To purchase lands or interests therein that are otherwise authorized by law to be ac-quired and are one or more of the following: ‘‘(I) Inholdings. ‘‘(II) Adjacent to federally designated areas and contain exceptional resources. ‘‘(III) Provide opportunities for hunting, rec-reational fishing, recreational shooting, and other recreational activities. ‘‘(IV) Likely to aid in the performance of de-ferred maintenance or the reduction of oper-ation and maintenance costs or other deferred costs. ‘‘(ii) To perform deferred maintenance or other maintenance activities that enhance op-portunities for recreational access.’’; (5) in section 206(c)(2) (43 U.S.C. 2305(c)(2))— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), re-spectively; (C) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated by this paragraph)— (i) by striking ‘‘
PURCHASES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
LAND PURCHASES AND PERFORMANCE OF DE -
FERRED MAINTENANCE ACTIVITIES ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (C)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘for the activities outlined in paragraph (2)’’ after ‘‘generated’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Any funds made available under sub-paragraph (C) that are not obligated or ex-pended by the end of the fourth full fiscal year after the date of the sale or exchange of land that generated the funds may be expended in any State.’’; (6) in section 206(c)(3) (43 U.S.C. 2305(c)(3))— (A) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) the extent to which the acquisition of the land or interest therein will increase the public availability of resources for, and facilitate pub-lic access to, hunting, fishing, and other rec-reational activities;’’; and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D); (7) in section 206(f) (43 U.S.C. 2305(f)), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) any remaining balance in the account shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, except that in the case of a fis-cal year for which there is no Federal budget deficit, such amounts shall be used to reduce the Federal debt (in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate).’’; and (8) in section 207(b) (43 U.S.C. 2306(b))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘96–568’’ and inserting ‘‘96– 586’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semi-colon; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘Public Law 105–263;’’ before ‘‘112 Stat.’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and in-serting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3028); ‘‘(4) the Lincoln County Conservation, Recre-ation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2403); ‘‘(5) subtitle F of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(6) subtitle O of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 460www note, 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(7) section 2601 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1108); or ‘‘(8) section 2606 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1121).’’. Subtitle J—African Elephant Conservation and Legal Ivory Possession Act SEC. 2101. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘African Ele-phant Conservation and Legal Ivory Possession Act’’. 
SEC. 2102. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, whenever in this subtitle an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of the Afri-can Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). 
SEC. 2103. PLACEMENT OF UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE LAW EN-FORCEMENT OFFICERS IN EACH AF-RICAN ELEPHANT RANGE COUNTRY. 
Part I (16 U.S.C. 4211 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2105. PLACEMENT OF UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE LAW EN-FORCEMENT OFFICERS IN EACH AF-RICAN ELEPHANT RANGE COUNTRY. 
‘‘The Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, may station United States Fish and Wildlife Service law enforcement officers in the primary United States diplomatic or con-sular post in each African country that has a significant population of African elephants, who shall assist local wildlife rangers in the protection of African elephants and facilitate the apprehension of individuals who illegally kill, or assist the illegal killing of, African ele-phants.’’. 
SEC. 2104. TREATMENT OF ELEPHANT IVORY. 
Section 2203 (16 U.S.C. 4223) is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF ELEPHANT IVORY .—Noth- ing in this Act or the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538) shall be construed— ‘‘(1) to prohibit, or to authorize prohibiting, the possession, sale, delivery, receipt, shipment, or transportation of African elephant ivory, or any product containing African elephant ivory, that is in the United States because it has been lawfully imported or crafted in the United States; or ‘‘(2) to authorize using any means of deter-mining for purposes of this Act or the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 whether African ele-phant ivory that is present in the United States has been lawfully imported, including any pre-sumption or burden of proof applied in such de-termination, other than such means used by the Secretary as of February 24, 2014.’’. 
SEC. 2105. AFRICAN ELEPHANT CONSERVATION ACT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE PRI-ORITY AND REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) F INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PRIORITY .—Section 2101 (16 U.S.C. 4211) is amended by redesig-nating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively, and by inserting after sub-section (d) the following: ‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In providing financial assist-ance under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to projects designed to facilitate the ac-quisition of equipment and training of wildlife officials in ivory producing countries to be used in anti-poaching efforts.’’. (b) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 2306(a) (16 U.S.C. 4245(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3177 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 2106. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-FICE STUDY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study ex-amining the effects of a ban of the trade in of fossilized ivory from mammoths and mastodons on the illegal importation and trade of African and Asian elephant ivory within the United States, with the exception of importation or trade thereof related to museum exhibitions or scientific research, and report to Congress the findings of such study. Subtitle K—Respect for Treaties and Rights 
SEC. 2111. RESPECT FOR TREATIES AND RIGHTS. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect or mod-ify any treaty or other right of any federally recognized Indian tribe. Subtitle L—State Approval of Fishing Restriction 
SEC. 2131. STATE OR TERRITORIAL APPROVAL OF RESTRICTION OF RECREATIONAL OR COMMERCIAL FISHING ACCESS TO CERTAIN STATE OR TERRITORIAL WATERS. 
(a) A PPROVAL REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall not restrict recreational or commercial fishing access to any State or territorial marine waters or Great Lakes waters within the juris-diction of the National Park Service or the Of-fice of National Marine Sanctuaries, respec-tively, unless those restrictions are developed in coordination with, and approved by, the fish and wildlife management agency of the State or territory that has fisheries management author-ity over those waters. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘marine waters’’ includes coastal waters and es-tuaries. Subtitle M—Hunting and Recreational Fishing Within Certain National Forests 
SEC. 2141. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) H
UNTING .—The term ‘‘hunting’’ means use of a firearm, bow, or other authorized means in the lawful pursuit, shooting, capture, collection, trapping, or killing of wildlife; attempt to pur-sue, shoot, capture, collect, trap, or kill wildlife; or the training and use of hunting dogs, includ-ing field trials. (2) R
ECREATIONAL FISHING .—The term ‘‘rec-reational fishing’’ means the lawful pursuit, capture, collection, or killing of fish; or attempt to capture, collect, or kill fish. (3) F
OREST PLAN .—The term ‘‘forest plan’’ means a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (4) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Forest System’’ has the meaning given that term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)) 
SEC. 2142. HUNTING AND RECREATIONAL FISH-ING WITHIN THE NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM. 
(a) P ROHIBITION OF RESTRICTIONS .—The Sec- retary of Agriculture or Chief of the Forest Serv-ice may not establish policies, directives, or reg-ulations that restrict the type, season, or meth-od of hunting or recreational fishing on lands within the National Forest System that are oth-erwise open to those activities and are con-sistent with the applicable forest plan. (b) P
RIOR RESTRICTIONS VOID.—Any restric-tions imposed by the Secretary of Agriculture or Chief of the Forest Service regarding the type, season, or method of hunting or recreational fishing on lands within the National Forest Sys-tem that are otherwise open to those activities in force on the date of the enactment of this Act shall be void and have no force or effect. (c) APPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply only to the Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana, the De Soto National Forest in the State of Mississippi, the Mark Twain Na-tional Forest in the State of Missouri, and the Ozark National Forest, the St. Francis National Forest and the Ouachita National Forest in the States of Arkansas and Oklahoma. (d) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this sec-tion, section 1 of the Act of June 4, 1897 (16 U.S.C. 551), or section 32 of the Act of July 22, 1937 (7 U.S.C. 1011) shall affect the authority of States to manage hunting or recreational fishing on lands within the National Forest System. 
SEC. 2143. PUBLICATION OF CLOSURE OF ROADS IN FORESTS. 
The Chief of the Forest Service shall publish a notice in the Federal Register for the closure of any public road on Forest System lands, along with a justification for the closure. Subtitle N—Grand Canyon Bison Management Act 
SEC. 2151. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Grand Can-yon Bison Management Act’’. 
SEC. 2152. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘manage-ment plan’’ means the management plan pub-lished under section 2153(a). (2) P
ARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means the Grand Canyon National Park. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (4) S
KILLED PUBLIC VOLUNTEER .—The term ‘‘skilled public volunteer’’ means an individual who possesses— (A) a valid hunting license issued by the State of Arizona; and (B) such other qualifications as the Secretary may require, after consultation with the Ari-zona Game and Fish Commission. 
SEC. 2153. BISON MANAGEMENT PLAN FOR GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK. 
(a) P UBLICATION OF PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a management plan to reduce, through humane lethal culling by skilled public volunteers and by other nonlethal means, the population of bison in the Park that the Secretary determines are detrimental to the use of the Park. (b) R
EMOVAL OF ANIMAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a skilled public vol-unteer may remove a full bison harvested from the Park. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate with the Arizona Game and Fish Com-mission regarding the development and imple-mentation of the management plan. (d) NEPA C
OMPLIANCE .—In developing the management plan, the Secretary shall comply with all applicable Federal environmental laws (including regulations), including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (e) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this subtitle ap-plies to the taking of wildlife in the Park for any purpose other than the implementation of the management plan. Subtitle O—Open Book on Equal Access to Justice 
SEC. 2161. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act’’. 
SEC. 2162. MODIFICATION OF EQUAL ACCESS TO JUSTICE PROVISIONS. 
(a) A GENCY PROCEEDINGS .—Section 504 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (i); and (3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e)(1) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States, after consulta-tion with the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration, shall report to the Congress, not later than March 31 of each year through the 6th calendar year beginning after the initial report under this subsection is submitted, on the amount of fees and other ex-penses awarded during the preceding fiscal year pursuant to this section. The report shall de-scribe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the controversy, and any other relevant information that may aid the Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards. The report shall be made available to the public online. ‘‘(2)(A) The report required by paragraph (1) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this section that are made pursuant to a settlement agreement, re-gardless of whether the settlement agreement is sealed or otherwise subject to nondisclosure pro-visions. ‘‘(B) The disclosure of fees and other expenses required under subparagraph (A) does not affect any other information that is subject to non-disclosure provisions in the settlement agree-ment. ‘‘(f) The Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference shall create and maintain, during the period beginning on the date the initial report under subsection (e) is submitted and ending one year after the date on which the final re-port under that subsection is submitted, online a searchable database containing the following information with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this section: ‘‘(1) The case name and number of the adver-sary adjudication, if available. ‘‘(2) The name of the agency involved in the adversary adjudication. ‘‘(3) A description of the claims in the adver-sary adjudication. ‘‘(4) The name of each party to whom the award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other agency document making the award. ‘‘(5) The amount of the award. ‘‘(6) The basis for the finding that the position of the agency concerned was not substantially justified. ‘‘(g) The online searchable database described in subsection (f) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is prohibited by law or court order. ‘‘(h) The head of each agency shall provide to the Chairman of the Administrative Conference in a timely manner all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the requirements of subsections (e), (f), and (g).’’. (b) COURT CASES.—Section 2412(d) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States shall submit to the Congress, not later than March 31 of each year through the 6th calendar year beginning after the initial report under this paragraph is submitted, a report on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded during the preceding fiscal year pursuant to this subsection. The re-port shall describe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in each controversy, and any other relevant infor-mation that may aid the Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards. The re-port shall be made available to the public on-line. ‘‘(B)(i) The report required by subparagraph (A) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this subsection that are made pursuant to a settlement agree-ment, regardless of whether the settlement agreement is sealed or otherwise subject to non-disclosure provisions. ‘‘(ii) The disclosure of fees and other expenses required under clause (i) does not affect any other information that is subject to nondisclo-sure provisions in the settlement agreement. ‘‘(C) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference shall include and clearly identify in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3178 May 25, 2016 
the annual report under subparagraph (A), for each case in which an award of fees and other expenses is included in the report— ‘‘(i) any amounts paid from section 1304 of title 31 for a judgment in the case; ‘‘(ii) the amount of the award of fees and other expenses; and ‘‘(iii) the statute under which the plaintiff filed suit. ‘‘(6) The Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference shall create and maintain, during the period beginning on the date the initial report under paragraph (5) is submitted and ending one year after the date on which the final re-port under that paragraph is submitted, online a searchable database containing the following information with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this subsection: ‘‘(A) The case name and number. ‘‘(B) The name of the agency involved in the case. ‘‘(C) The name of each party to whom the award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. ‘‘(D) A description of the claims in the case. ‘‘(E) The amount of the award. ‘‘(F) The basis for the finding that the posi-tion of the agency concerned was not substan-tially justified. ‘‘(7) The online searchable database described in paragraph (6) may not reveal any informa-tion the disclosure of which is prohibited by law or court order. ‘‘(8) The head of each agency (including the Attorney General of the United States) shall provide to the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States in a timely manner all information requested by the Chair-man to comply with the requirements of para-graphs (5), (6), and (7).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘United States Code,’’; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘of section 2412 of title 28, United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘of this sec-tion’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘of such title’’ and inserting ‘‘of this title’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall first apply with re-spect to awards of fees and other expenses that are made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) I
NITIAL REPORTS .—The first reports re-quired by section 504(e) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(5) of title 28, United States Code, shall be submitted not later than March 31 of the calendar year following the first calendar year in which a fiscal year begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) O
NLINE DATABASES .—The online databases required by section 504(f) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(6) of title 28, United States Code, shall be established as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but in no case later than the date on which the first reports under section 504(e) of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412(d)(5) of title 28, United States Code, are re-quired to be submitted under paragraph (2) of this subsection. Subtitle P—Utility Terrain Vehicles 
SEC. 2171. UTILITY TERRAIN VEHICLES IN KISATCHIE NATIONAL FOREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Forest Administrator shall amend the applicable travel plan to allow utility terrain vehicles access on all roads nomi-nated by the Secretary of Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries in the Kisatchie National Forest, except when such designation would pose an unacceptable safety risk, in which case the For-est Administrator shall publish a notice in the Federal Register with a justification for the clo-sure. (b) UTILITY TERRAIN VEHICLES DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘utility ter-rain vehicle’’— (1) means any recreational motor vehicle de-signed for and capable of travel over designated roads, traveling on four or more tires with a maximum tire width of 27 inches, a maximum wheel cleat or lug of 
3⁄4of an inch, a minimum width of 50 inches but not exceeding 74 inches, a minimum weight of at least 700 pounds but not exceeding 2,000 pounds, and a minimum wheel-base of 61 inches but not exceeding 110 inches; (2) includes vehicles not equipped with a cer-tification label as required by part 567.4 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; and (3) does not include golf carts, vehicles spe-cially designed to carry a disabled person, or ve-hicles otherwise registered under section 32.299 of the Louisiana State statutes. Subtitle Q—Good Samaritan Search and Recovery 
SEC. 2181. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Good Sa-maritan Search and Recovery Act’’. 
SEC. 2182. EXPEDITED ACCESS TO CERTAIN FED-ERAL LAND. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE .—The term ‘‘eligible’’, with re-spect to an organization or individual, means that the organization or individual, respec-tively, is— (A) acting in a not-for-profit capacity; and (B) composed entirely of members who, at the time of the good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission, have attained the age of majority under the law of the State where the mission takes place. (2) G
OOD SAMARITAN SEARCH -AND-RECOVERY  
MISSION .—The term ‘‘good Samaritan search- and-recovery mission’’ means a search con-ducted by an eligible organization or individual for 1 or more missing individuals believed to be deceased at the time that the search is initiated. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable. (b) P
ROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Secretary shall develop and implement a process to expedite access to Federal land under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Secretary for eligible organizations and individuals to request access to Federal land to conduct good Samaritan search-and-re-covery missions. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The process developed and implemented under this subsection shall include provisions to clarify that— (A) an eligible organization or individual granted access under this section— (i) shall be acting for private purposes; and (ii) shall not be considered to be a Federal vol-unteer; (B) an eligible organization or individual con-ducting a good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission under this section shall not be consid-ered to be a volunteer under section 102301(c) of title 54, United States Code; (C) chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’), shall not apply to an eligible organiza-tion or individual carrying out a privately re-quested good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission under this section; and (D) an eligible organization or entity who conducts a good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission under this section shall serve without pay from the Federal Government for such serv-ice. (c) R
ELEASE OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT FROM L
IABILITY .—The Secretary shall not require an eligible organization or individual to have liabil-ity insurance as a condition of accessing Fed-eral land under this section, if the eligible orga-nization or individual— (1) acknowledges and consents, in writing, to the provisions described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of subsection (b)(2); and (2) signs a waiver releasing the Federal Gov-ernment from all liability relating to the access granted under this section and agrees to indem-nify and hold harmless the United States from any claims or lawsuits arising from any conduct by the eligible organization or individual on Federal land. (d) APPROVAL AND DENIAL OF REQUESTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall notify an eligible organization or individual of the ap-proval or denial of a request by the eligible or-ganization or individual to carry out a good Sa-maritan search-and-recovery mission under this section by not later than 48 hours after the re-quest is made. (2) D
ENIALS .—If the Secretary denies a request from an eligible organization or individual to carry out a good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission under this section, the Secretary shall notify the eligible organization or individual of— (A) the reason for the denial of the request; and (B) any actions that the eligible organization or individual can take to meet the requirements for the request to be approved. (e) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Each Secretary shall de-velop search-and-recovery-focused partnerships with search-and-recovery organizations— (1) to coordinate good Samaritan search-and- recovery missions on Federal land under the ad-ministrative jurisdiction of the Secretary; and (2) to expedite and accelerate good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission efforts for missing individuals on Federal land under the adminis-trative jurisdiction of the Secretary. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretaries shall submit to Congress a joint report describ-ing— (1) plans to develop partnerships described in subsection (e)(1); and (2) efforts carried out to expedite and accel-erate good Samaritan search-and-recovery mis-sion efforts for missing individuals on Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary pursuant to subsection (e)(2). Subtitle R—Interstate Transportation of Firearms or Ammunition 
SEC. 2191. INTERSTATE TRANSPORTATION OF FIREARMS OR AMMUNITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 926A of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 926A. Interstate transportation of firearms or ammunition ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding any provision of any law, rule, or regulation of a State or any polit-ical subdivision thereof: ‘‘(1) A person who is not prohibited by this chapter from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm or ammunition shall be entitled to transport a firearm for any lawful purpose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the firearm to any other such place if, during the transpor-tation, the firearm is unloaded, and— ‘‘(A) if the transportation is by motor vehicle, the firearm is not directly accessible from the passenger compartment of the vehicle, and, if the vehicle is without a compartment separate from the passenger compartment, the firearm is in a locked container other than the glove com-partment or console, or is secured by a secure gun storage or safety device; or ‘‘(B) if the transportation is by other means, the firearm is in a locked container or secured by a secure gun storage or safety device. ‘‘(2) A person who is not prohibited by this chapter from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm or ammunition shall be entitled to transport ammunition for any lawful purpose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the ammu-nition, to any other such place if, during the transportation, the ammunition is not loaded into a firearm, and— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3179 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(A) if the transportation is by motor vehicle, the ammunition is not directly accessible from the passenger compartment of the vehicle, and, if the vehicle is without a compartment separate from the passenger compartment, the ammuni-tion is in a locked container other than the glove compartment or console; or ‘‘(B) if the transportation is by other means, the ammunition is in a locked container. ‘‘(b) In subsection (a), the term ‘transport’ in-cludes staying in temporary lodging overnight, stopping for food, fuel, vehicle maintenance, an emergency, medical treatment, and any other activity incidental to the transport, but does not include transportation— ‘‘(1) with the intent to commit a crime punish-able by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year that involves the use or threatened use of force against another; or ‘‘(2) with knowledge, or reasonable cause to believe, that such a crime is to be committed in the course of, or arising from, the transpor-tation. ‘‘(c)(1) A person who is transporting a firearm or ammunition may not be arrested or otherwise detained for violation of any law or any rule or regulation of a State or any political subdivision thereof related to the possession, transportation, or carrying of firearms, unless there is probable cause to believe that the person is doing so in a manner not provided for in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) When a person asserts this section as a defense in a criminal proceeding, the prosecu-tion shall bear the burden of proving, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the conduct of the person did not satisfy the conditions set forth in sub-section (a). ‘‘(3) When a person successfully asserts this section as a defense in a criminal proceeding, the court shall award the prevailing defendant a reasonable attorney’s fee. ‘‘(d)(1) A person who is deprived of any right, privilege, or immunity secured by this section, section 926B or 926C, under color of any statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage of any State or any political subdivision thereof, may bring an action in any appropriate court against any other person, including a State or political subdivision thereof, who causes the person to be subject to the deprivation, for dam-ages and other appropriate relief. ‘‘(2) The court shall award a plaintiff pre-vailing in an action brought under paragraph (1) damages and such other relief as the court deems appropriate, including a reasonable attor-ney’s fee.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for such chapter is amended in the item re-lating to section 926A by striking ‘‘firearms’’ and inserting ‘‘firearms or ammunition’’. Subtitle S—Gray Wolves 
SEC. 2201. REISSUANCE OF FINAL RULE REGARD-ING GRAY WOLVES IN THE WESTERN GREAT LAKES. 
Before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on December 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SEC. 2202. REISSUANCE OF FINAL RULE REGARD-ING GRAY WOLVES IN WYOMING. 
Before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on September 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance shall not be subject to judicial review. Subtitle T—Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 2211. PROHIBITION ON ISSUANCE OF FINAL RULE. 
The Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall not issue a final rule that— (1) succeeds the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Non- Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Partici-pation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 887 (January 8, 2016)); or (2) is substantially similar to that proposed rule. SEC. 2212. WITHDRAWAL OF EXISTING RULE RE-GARDING HUNTING AND TRAPPING IN ALASKA. 
The Director of the National Park Service shall withdraw the final rule entitled ‘‘Alaska; Hunting and Trapping in National Preserves’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 64325 (October 23, 2015)) by not later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and shall not issue a rule that is substantially similar to that rule. TITLE III—NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT 
SEC. 3001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Stra-tegic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 3002. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The industrialization of developing nations has driven demand for nonfuel minerals nec-essary for telecommunications, military tech-nologies, healthcare technologies, and conven-tional and renewable energy technologies. (2) The availability of minerals and mineral materials are essential for economic growth, na-tional security, technological innovation, and the manufacturing and agricultural supply chain. (3) The exploration, production, processing, use, and recycling of minerals contribute signifi-cantly to the economic well-being, security, and general welfare of the Nation. (4) The United States has vast mineral re-sources, but is becoming increasingly dependent upon foreign sources of these mineral materials, as demonstrated by the following: (A) Twenty-five years ago the United States was dependent on foreign sources for 45 nonfuel mineral materials, 8 of which the United States imported 100 percent of the Nation’s require-ments, and for another 19 commodities the United States imported more than 50 percent of the Nation’s needs. (B) By 2014 the United States import depend-ence for nonfuel mineral materials increased from 45 to 65 commodities, 19 of which the United States imported for 100 percent of the Nation’s requirements, and an additional 24 of which the United States imported for more than 50 percent of the Nation’s needs. (C) The United States share of worldwide min-eral exploration dollars was 7 percent in 2014, down from 19 percent in the early 1990s. (D) In the 2014 Ranking of Countries for Min-ing Investment (out of 25 major mining coun-tries), found that 7- to 10-year permitting delays are the most significant risk to mining projects in the United States. 
SEC. 3003. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) S
TRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS .—The term ‘‘strategic and critical minerals’’ means minerals that are necessary— (A) for national defense and national security requirements; (B) for the Nation’s energy infrastructure, in-cluding pipelines, refining capacity, electrical power generation and transmission, and renew-able energy production; (C) to support domestic manufacturing, agri-culture, housing, telecommunications, healthcare, and transportation infrastructure; or (D) for the Nation’s economic security and balance of trade. (2) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ means any agency, department, or other unit of Federal, State, local, or tribal government, or Alaska Na-tive Corporation. (3) M
INERAL EXPLORATION OR MINE PERMIT .— The term ‘‘mineral exploration or mine permit’’ includes— (A) Bureau of Land Management and Forest Service authorizations for pre-mining activities that require environmental analyses pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (B) plans of operation issued by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service pur-suant to 43 CFR 3809 and 36 CFR 228A or the authorities listed in 43 CFR 3503.13, respectively, as amended from time to time. Subtitle A—Development of Domestic Sources of Strategic and Critical Minerals SEC. 3011. IMPROVING DEVELOPMENT OF STRA-TEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS. 
Domestic mines that will provide strategic and critical minerals shall be considered an ‘‘infra-structure project’’ as described in Presidential order ‘‘Improving Performance of Federal Per-mitting and Review of Infrastructure Projects’’ dated March 22, 2012. 
SEC. 3012. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE LEAD AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The lead agency with re-sponsibility for issuing a mineral exploration or mine permit shall appoint a project lead within the lead agency who shall coordinate and con-sult with cooperating agencies and any other agency involved in the permitting process, project proponents and contractors to ensure that agencies minimize delays, set and adhere to timelines and schedules for completion of the permitting process, set clear permitting goals and track progress against those goals. (b) D
ETERMINATION UNDER NEPA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) applies to the issuance of any mineral exploration or mine permit, the re-quirements of such Act shall be deemed to have been procedurally and substantively satisfied if the lead agency determines that any State and/ or Federal agency acting pursuant to State or Federal (or both) statutory or procedural au-thorities, has addressed or will address the fol-lowing factors: (A) The environmental impact of the action to be conducted under the permit. (B) Possible adverse environmental effects of actions under the permit. (C) Possible alternatives to issuance of the permit. (D) The relationship between local long- and short-term uses of man’s environment and the maintenance and enhancement of long-term productivity. (E) Any irreversible and irretrievable commit-ment of resources that would be involved in the proposed action. (F) That public participation will occur dur-ing the decisionmaking process for authorizing actions under the permit. (2) W
RITTEN REQUIREMENT .—In reaching a de-termination under paragraph (1), the lead agen-cy shall, by no later than 90 days after receipt of an application for the permit, in a written record of decision— (A) explain the rationale used in reaching its determination; (B) state the facts in the record that are the basis for the determination; and (C) show that the facts in the record could allow a reasonable person to reach the same de-termination as the lead agency did. (c) C
OORDINATION ON PERMITTING PROCESS .— The lead agency with responsibility for issuing a mineral exploration or mine permit shall en-hance government coordination for the permit-ting process by avoiding duplicative reviews, minimizing paperwork, and engaging other agencies and stakeholders early in the process. For purposes of this subsection, the lead agency shall consider the following practices: (1) Deferring to and relying upon baseline data, analyses and reviews performed by State agencies with jurisdiction over the proposed project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3180 May 25, 2016 
(2) Conducting any consultations or reviews concurrently rather than sequentially to the ex-tent practicable and when such concurrent re-view will expedite rather than delay a decision. (d) M
EMORANDUM OF AGENCY AGREEMENT .—If requested at any time by a State or local plan-ning agency, the lead agency with responsibility for issuing a mineral exploration or mine permit, in consultation with other Federal agencies with relevant jurisdiction in the environmental review process, may establish memoranda of agreement with the project sponsor, State and local governments, and other appropriate enti-ties to accomplish the early coordination activi-ties described in subsection (c). (e) S
CHEDULE FOR PERMITTING PROCESS .—For any project for which the lead agency cannot make the determination described in 102(b), at the request of a project proponent the lead agency, cooperating agencies, and any other agencies involved with the mineral exploration or mine permitting process shall enter into an agreement with the project proponent that sets time limits for each part of the permitting proc-ess, including for the following: (1) The decision on whether to prepare a doc-ument required under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (2) A determination of the scope of any docu-ment required under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969. (3) The scope of and schedule for the baseline studies required to prepare a document required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. (4) Preparation of any draft document re-quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. (5) Preparation of a final document required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. (6) Consultations required under applicable laws. (7) Submission and review of any comments required under applicable law. (8) Publication of any public notices required under applicable law. (9) A final or any interim decisions. (f) T
IMELIMIT FOR PERMITTING PROCESS .—In no case should the total review process described in subsection (d) exceed 30 months unless ex-tended by the signatories of the agreement. (g) L
IMITATION ON ADDRESSING PUBLIC COM-
MENTS .—The lead agency is not required to ad-dress agency or public comments that were not submitted during any public comment periods or consultation periods provided during the permit-ting process or as otherwise required by law. (h) F
INANCIAL ASSURANCE .—The lead agency will determine the amount of financial assur-ance for reclamation of a mineral exploration or mining site, which must cover the estimated cost if the lead agency were to contract with a third party to reclaim the operations according to the reclamation plan, including construction and maintenance costs for any treatment facilities necessary to meet Federal, State or tribal envi-ronmental standards. (i) A
PPLICATION TO EXISTING PERMIT APPLICA -
TIONS .—This section shall apply with respect to a mineral exploration or mine permit for which an application was submitted before the date of the enactment of this Act if the applicant for the permit submits a written request to the lead agency for the permit. The lead agency shall begin implementing this section with respect to such application within 30 days after receiving such written request. (j) S
TRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS WITHIN  N
ATIONAL FORESTS .—With respect to strategic and critical minerals within a federally adminis-tered unit of the National Forest System, the lead agency shall— (1) exempt all areas of identified mineral re-sources in Land Use Designations, other than Non-Development Land Use Designations, in ex-istence as of the date of the enactment of this Act from the procedures detailed at and all rules promulgated under part 294 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations; (2) apply such exemption to all additional routes and areas that the lead agency finds nec-essary to facilitate the construction, operation, maintenance, and restoration of the areas of identified mineral resources described in para-graph (1); and (3) continue to apply such exemptions after approval of the Minerals Plan of Operations for the unit of the National Forest System. SEC. 3013. CONSERVATION OF THE RESOURCE. 
In evaluating and issuing any mineral explo-ration or mine permit, the priority of the lead agency shall be to maximize the development of the mineral resource, while mitigating environ-mental impacts, so that more of the mineral re-source can be brought to the marketplace. 
SEC. 3014. FEDERAL REGISTER PROCESS FOR MINERAL EXPLORATION AND MIN-ING PROJECTS. 
(a) P REPARATION OF FEDERAL NOTICES FOR  M
INERAL EXPLORATION AND MINEDEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—The preparation of Federal Register notices required by law associated with the issuance of a mineral exploration or mine permit shall be delegated to the organization level within the agency responsible for issuing the mineral exploration or mine permit. All Federal Register notices regarding official document availability, announcements of meetings, or no-tices of intent to undertake an action shall be originated and transmitted to the Federal Reg-ister from the office where documents are held, meetings are held, or the activity is initiated. (b) D
EPARTMENTAL REVIEW OF FEDERAL REG-
ISTER NOTICES FOR MINERAL EXPLORATION AND  M
INING PROJECTS .—Absent any extraordinary circumstance or except as otherwise required by any Act of Congress, each Federal Register no-tice described in subsection (a) shall undergo any required reviews within the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture and be published in its final form in the Federal Register no later than 30 days after its initial preparation. Subtitle B—Judicial Review of Agency Actions Relating to Exploration and Mine Permits 
SEC. 3021. DEFINITIONS FOR TITLE. 
In this subtitle the term ‘‘covered civil action’’ means a civil action against the Federal Govern-ment containing a claim under section 702 of title 5, United States Code, regarding agency ac-tion affecting a mineral exploration or mine per-mit. 
SEC. 3022. TIMELY FILINGS. 
A covered civil action is barred unless filed no later than the end of the 60-day period begin-ning on the date of the final Federal agency ac-tion to which it relates. 
SEC. 3023. RIGHT TO INTERVENE. 
The holder of any mineral exploration or mine permit may intervene as of right in any covered civil action by a person affecting rights or obli-gations of the permit holder under the permit. 
SEC. 3024. EXPEDITION IN HEARING AND DETER-MINING THE ACTION. 
The court shall endeavor to hear and deter-mine any covered civil action as expeditiously as possible. 
SEC. 3025. LIMITATION ON PROSPECTIVE RELIEF. 
In a covered civil action, the court shall not grant or approve any prospective relief unless the court finds that such relief is narrowly drawn, extends no further than necessary to correct the violation of a legal requirement, and is the least intrusive means necessary to correct that violation. 
SEC. 3026. LIMITATION ON ATTORNEYS’ FEES. 
Section 504 of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412 of title 28, United States Code (to-gether commonly called the Equal Access to Jus-tice Act) do not apply to a covered civil action, nor shall any party in such a covered civil ac-tion receive payment from the Federal Govern-ment for their attorneys’ fees, expenses, and other court costs. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Provisions SEC. 3031. SECRETARIAL ORDER NOT AFFECTED. 
This title shall not apply to any mineral de-scribed in Secretarial Order No. 3324, issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 3, 2012, in any area to which the order applies. TITLE IV—NATIVE AMERICAN ENERGY ACT 
SEC. 4001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Native Amer-ican Energy Act’’. 
SEC. 4002. APPRAISALS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Title XXVI of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2607. APPRAISAL REFORMS. 
‘‘(a) O PTIONS TO INDIAN TRIBES .—With re- spect to a transaction involving Indian land or the trust assets of an Indian tribe that requires the approval of the Secretary, any appraisal re-lating to fair market value required to be con-ducted under applicable law, regulation, or pol-icy may be completed by— ‘‘(1) the Secretary; ‘‘(2) the affected Indian tribe; or ‘‘(3) a certified, third-party appraiser pursu-ant to a contract with the Indian tribe. ‘‘(b) T
IMELIMIT ON SECRETARIAL REVIEW AND  A
CTION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives an appraisal conducted by or for an Indian tribe pursuant to paragraphs (2) or (3) of subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) review the appraisal; and ‘‘(2) provide to the Indian tribe a written no-tice of approval or disapproval of the appraisal. ‘‘(c) F
AILURE OF SECRETARY TOAPPROVE OR  D
ISAPPROVE .—If, after 60 days, the Secretary has failed to approve or disapprove any ap-praisal received, the appraisal shall be deemed approved. ‘‘(d) O
PTION TO INDIAN TRIBES TOWAIVE AP-
PRAISAL .— ‘‘(1) An Indian tribe wishing to waive the re-quirements of subsection (a), may do so after it has satisfied the requirements of paragraphs (2) and (3). ‘‘(2) An Indian tribe wishing to forego the ne-cessity of a waiver pursuant to this section must provide to the Secretary a written resolution, statement, or other unambiguous indication of tribal intent, duly approved by the governing body of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(3) The unambiguous indication of intent provided by the Indian tribe to the Secretary under paragraph (2) must include an express waiver by the Indian tribe of any claims for damages it might have against the United States as a result of the lack of an appraisal under-taken. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘appraisal’ includes appraisals and other estimates of value. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall de-velop regulations for implementing this section, including standards the Secretary shall use for approving or disapproving an appraisal.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13201 note) is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title XXVI the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 2607. Appraisal reforms.’’. 
SEC. 4003. STANDARDIZATION. 
As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall implement procedures to ensure that each agency within the Department of the Inte-rior that is involved in the review, approval, and oversight of oil and gas activities on Indian lands shall use a uniform system of reference numbers and tracking systems for oil and gas wells. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3181 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 4004. ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS OF MAJOR FEDERAL ACTIONS ON INDIAN LANDS. 
Section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) is amended by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before the first sentence, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF MAJOR FEDERAL ACTIONS ON  I
NDIAN LANDS.— ‘‘(1) R
EVIEW AND COMMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the statement required under subsection (a)(2)(C) for a major Federal action regarding an activity on Indian lands of an In-dian tribe shall only be available for review and comment by the members of the Indian tribe, other individuals residing within the affected area, and State, federally recognized tribal, and local governments within the affected area. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a statement for a major Federal action regarding an activity on Indian lands of an In-dian tribe related to gaming under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—The Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality shall develop regulations to implement this section, including descriptions of affected areas for specific major Federal actions, in consultation with Indian tribes. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, each of the terms ‘Indian land’ and ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given that term in section 2601 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501). ‘‘(4) C
LARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in the Native American Energy Act, except sec-tion 6 of that Act, shall give the Secretary any additional authority over energy projects on Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act lands.’’. 
SEC. 4005. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) T IME FOR FILING COMPLAINT .—Any energy related action must be filed not later than the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of the final agency action. Any energy related action not filed within this time period shall be barred. (b) D
ISTRICT COURT VENUE AND DEADLINE .— All energy related actions— (1) shall be brought in the United States Dis-trict Court for the District of Columbia; and (2) shall be resolved as expeditiously as pos-sible, and in any event not more than 180 days after such cause of action is filed. (c) A
PPELLATE REVIEW .—An interlocutory order or final judgment, decree or order of the district court in an energy related action may be reviewed by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The District of Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals shall re-solve such appeal as expeditiously as possible, and in any event not more than 180 days after such interlocutory order or final judgment, de-cree or order of the district court was issued. (d) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN PAYMENTS .—Not- withstanding section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, no award may be made under sec-tion 504 of title 5, United States Code, or under section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, and no amounts may be obligated or expended from the Claims and Judgment Fund of the United States Treasury to pay any fees or other ex-penses under such sections, to any person or party in an energy related action. (e) L
EGAL FEES.—In any energy related action in which the plaintiff does not ultimately pre-vail, the court shall award to the defendant (in-cluding any intervenor-defendants), other than the United States, fees and other expenses in-curred by that party in connection with the en-ergy related action, unless the court finds that the position of the plaintiff was substantially justified or that special circumstances make an award unjust. Whether or not the position of the plaintiff was substantially justified shall be determined on the basis of the administrative record, as a whole, which is made in the energy related action for which fees and other expenses are sought. (f) DEFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this sec-tion, the following definitions apply: (1) A
GENCY ACTION .—The term ‘‘agency ac-tion’’ has the same meaning given such term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) I
NDIAN LAND .—The term ‘‘Indian Land’’ has the same meaning given such term in section 203(c)(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 25 U.S.C. 3501), including lands owned by Native Corporations under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (Public Law 92– 203; 43 U.S.C. 1601). (3) E
NERGY RELATED ACTION .—The term ‘‘en-ergy related action’’ means a cause of action that— (A) is filed on or after the effective date of this Act; and (B) seeks judicial review of a final agency ac-tion to issue a permit, license, or other form of agency permission allowing: (i) any person or entity to conduct activities on Indian Land, which activities involve the ex-ploration, development, production or transpor-tation of oil, gas, coal, shale gas, oil shale, geo-thermal resources, wind or solar resources, un-derground coal gasification, biomass, or the gen-eration of electricity; or (ii) any Indian Tribe, or any organization of two or more entities, at least one of which is an Indian tribe, to conduct activities involving the exploration, development, production or trans-portation of oil, gas, coal, shale gas, oil shale, geothermal resources, wind or solar resources, underground coal gasification, biomass, or the generation of electricity, regardless of where such activities are undertaken. (4) U
LTIMATELY PREVAIL .—The phrase ‘‘ulti-mately prevail’’ means, in a final enforceable judgment, the court rules in the party’s favor on at least one cause of action which is an under-lying rationale for the preliminary injunction, administrative stay, or other relief requested by the party, and does not include circumstances where the final agency action is modified or amended by the issuing agency unless such modification or amendment is required pursuant to a final enforceable judgment of the court or a court-ordered consent decree. 
SEC. 4006. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
The Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 is amended by inserting after section 2 (25 U.S.C. 3115a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall enter into stewardship contracts or other agreements, other than agreements that are exclusively di-rect service contracts, with Indian tribes to carry out demonstration projects to promote bio-mass energy production (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) on Indian forest land and in nearby communities by providing reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—The definitions in section 2 shall apply to this section. ‘‘(c) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each fis-cal year for which projects are authorized, the Secretary shall enter into contracts or other agreements described in subsection (a) to carry out at least 4 new demonstration projects that meet the eligibility criteria described in sub-section (d). ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible to enter into a contract or other agreement under this subsection, an Indian tribe shall submit to the Secretary an application— ‘‘(1) containing such information as the Sec-retary may require; and ‘‘(2) that includes a description of— ‘‘(A) the Indian forest land or rangeland under the jurisdiction of the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(B) the demonstration project proposed to be carried out by the Indian tribe. ‘‘(e) S
ELECTION .—In evaluating the applica-tions submitted under subsection (c), the Sec-retary— ‘‘(1) shall take into consideration the factors set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2(e) of Public Law 108–278; and whether a pro-posed demonstration project would— ‘‘(A) increase the availability or reliability of local or regional energy; ‘‘(B) enhance the economic development of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(C) improve the connection of electric power transmission facilities serving the Indian tribe with other electric transmission facilities; ‘‘(D) improve the forest health or watersheds of Federal land or Indian forest land or range-land; or ‘‘(E) otherwise promote the use of woody bio-mass; and ‘‘(2) shall exclude from consideration any mer-chantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. ‘‘(f) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that the criteria described in sub-section (c) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section; and ‘‘(2) to the maximum extent practicable, con-sult with Indian tribes and appropriate inter-tribal organizations likely to be affected in de-veloping the application and otherwise carrying out this section. ‘‘(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year subse-quent to the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to the reporting pe-riod— ‘‘(1) each individual tribal application re-ceived under this section; and ‘‘(2) each contract and agreement entered into pursuant to this section. ‘‘(h) I
NCORPORATION OF MANAGEMENT  P
LANS.—In carrying out a contract or agree-ment under this section, on receipt of a request from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall incor-porate into the contract or agreement, to the ex-tent practicable, management plans (including forest management and integrated resource management plans) in effect on the Indian for-est land or rangeland of the respective Indian tribe. ‘‘(i) T
ERM.—A stewardship contract or other agreement entered into under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be for a term of not more than 20 years; and ‘‘(2) may be renewed in accordance with this section for not more than an additional 10 years. 
‘‘SEC. 4. TRIBAL FOREST MANAGEMENT DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
‘‘The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture may carry out demonstra-tion projects by which federally recognized In-dian tribes or tribal organizations may contract to perform administrative, management, and other functions of programs of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) through contracts entered into under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 4007. TRIBAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS. 
Unless otherwise explicitly exempted by Fed-eral law enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act, any activity conducted or resources harvested or produced pursuant to a tribal re-source management plan or an integrated re-source management plan approved by the Sec-retary of the Interior under the National Indian Forest Resources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) or the American Indian Agricul-tural Resource Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), shall be considered a sustainable man-agement practice for purposes of any Federal standard, benefit, or requirement that requires a demonstration of such sustainability. 
SEC. 4008. LEASES OF RESTRICTED LANDS FOR THE NAVAJO NATION. 
Subsection (e)(1) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (25 U.S.C. 415(e)(1); commonly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3182 May 25, 2016 
referred to as the ‘‘Long-Term Leasing Act’’), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, except a lease for’’ and in-serting ‘‘, including leases for’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘25’’ the first place it appears and all that follows and inserting ‘‘99 years;’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of a lease for the exploration, development, or extraction of mineral resources, including geothermal resources, 25 years, except that any such lease may include an option to renew for one additional term not to exceed 25 years.’’. 
SEC. 4009. NONAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN RULES. 
No rule promulgated by the Department of the Interior regarding hydraulic fracturing used in the development or production of oil or gas re-sources shall have any effect on any land held in trust or restricted status for the benefit of In-dians except with the express consent of the beneficiary on whose behalf such land is held in trust or restricted status. TITLE V—NORTHPORT IRRIGATION EARLY REPAYMENT 
SEC. 5001. EARLY REPAYMENT OF CONSTRUCTION COSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390mm), any landowner within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Ne-braska (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Dis-trict’’) may repay, at any time, the construction costs of project facilities allocated to the land-owner’s land within the District. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF FULL-COST PRICING  L
IMITATIONS .—On discharge, in full, of the obli-gation for repayment of all construction costs described in subsection (a) that are allocated to all land the landowner owns in the District in question, the parcels of land shall not be subject to the ownership and full-cost pricing limita-tions under Federal reclamation law (the Act of June 17, 1902, 32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.), including the Rec-lamation Reform Act of 1982 (13 U.S.C. 390aa et seq.). (c) C
ERTIFICATION .—On request of a land-owner that has repaid, in full, the construction costs described in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall provide to the landowner a certificate described in section 213(b)(1) of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390mm(b)(1)). (d) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— (1) modifies any contractual rights under, or amends or reopens, the reclamation contract be-tween the District and the United States; or (2) modifies any rights, obligations, or rela-tionships between the District and landowners in the District under Nebraska State law. TITLE VI—OCMULGEE MOUNDS NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK BOUNDARY REVISION ACT 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Re-vision Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 6002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map en-titled ‘‘Ocmulgee National Monument Proposed Boundary Adjustment, numbered 363/125996’’, and dated January 2016. (2) H
ISTORICAL PARK .—The term ‘‘Historical Park’’ means the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park in the State of Georgia, as redes-ignated in section 6003. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 6003. OCMULGEE MOUNDS NATIONAL HIS-TORICAL PARK. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Ocmulgee National Monument, established pursuant to the Act of June 14, 1934 (48 Stat. 958), shall be known and designated as ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National His-torical Park’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to ‘‘Ocmulgee Na-tional Monument’’, other than in this Act, shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park’’. 
SEC. 6004. BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of the Histor-ical Park is revised to include approximately 2,100 acres, as generally depicted on the map. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service, the Department of the Interior. 
SEC. 6005. LAND ACQUISITION; NO BUFFER ZONES. 
(a) L ANDACQUISITION .—The Secretary is au-thorized to acquire land and interests in land within the boundaries of the Historical Park by donation or exchange only (and in the case of an exchange, no payment may be made by the Secretary to any landowner). The Secretary may not acquire by condemnation any land or interest in land within the boundaries of the Historical Park. No private property or non- Federal public property shall be included within the boundaries of the Historical Park without the written consent of the owner of such prop-erty. (b) N
OBUFFER ZONES.—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Historical Park, or the management of the Historical Park shall be con-strued to create buffer zones outside of the His-torical Park. That an activity or use can be seen or heard from within the Historical Park shall not preclude the conduct of that activity or use outside the Historical Park. 
SEC. 6006. ADMINISTRATION. 
The Secretary shall administer any land ac-quired under section 6005 as part of the Histor-ical Park in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
SEC. 6007. OCMULGEE RIVER CORRIDOR SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a special resource study of the Ocmulgee River corridor between the cities of Macon, Georgia, and Hawkinsville, Georgia, to determine— (1) the national significance of the study area; (2) the suitability and feasibility of adding lands in the study area to the National Park System; and (3) the methods and means for the protection and interpretation of the study area by the Na-tional Park Service, other Federal, State, local government entities, affiliated federally recog-nized Indian tribes, or private or nonprofit orga-nizations. (b) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall conduct the study authorized by this Act in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (c) R
ESULTS OF STUDY .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate— (1) the results of the study; and (2) any findings, conclusions, and rec-ommendations of the Secretary. TITLE VII—MEDGAR EVERS HOUSE STUDY ACT 
SEC. 7001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’. 
SEC. 7002. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a special resource study of the home of the late civil rights activist Medgar Evers, located at 2332 Margaret Walker Alex-ander Drive in Jackson, Mississippi. (b) CONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the site; (2) determine the suitability and feasibility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park System; (3) consider other alternatives for preserva-tion, protection, and interpretation of the site by Federal, State, or local governmental entities, or private and nonprofit organizations; (4) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and non-profit organizations or any other interested in-dividuals; (5) determine the effect of the designation of the site as a unit of the National Park System on existing commercial and recreational uses, and the effect on State and local governments to manage those activities; (6) identify any authorities, including con-demnation, that will compel or permit the Sec-retary to influence or participate in local land use decisions (such as zoning) or place restric-tions on non-Federal land if the site is des-ignated a unit of the National Park System; and (7) identify cost estimates for any Federal ac-quisition, development, interpretation, oper-ation, and maintenance associated with the al-ternatives. (c) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—The study required under subsection (a) shall be conducted in ac-cordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (d) S
TUDY RESULTS .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available for the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate the results of the study and any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. TITLE VIII—SKY POINT MOUNTAIN DESIGNATION 
SEC. 8001. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Staff Sergeant Sky Mote, USMC, grew up in El Dorado, California. (2) Staff Sergeant Mote graduated from Union Mine High School. (3) Upon graduation, Staff Sergeant Mote promptly enlisted in the Marine Corps. (4) Staff Sergeant Mote spent 9 years serving his country in the United States Marine Corps, including a deployment to Iraq and two deploy-ments to Afghanistan. (5) By his decisive actions, heroic initiative, and resolute dedication to duty, Staff Sergeant Mote gave his life to protect fellow Marines on August 10, 2012, by gallantly rushing into action during an attack by a rogue Afghan policeman inside the base perimeter in Helmand province. (6) Staff Sergeant Mote was awarded the Navy Cross, a Purple Heart, the Navy-Marine Corps Commendation Medal, a Navy-Marine Corps Achievement Medal, two Combat Action Ribbons, and three Good Conduct Medals. (7) The Congress of the United States, in ac-knowledgment of this debt that cannot be re-paid, honors Staff Sergeant Mote for his ulti-mate sacrifice and recognizes his service to his country, faithfully executed to his last, full measure of devotion. (8) A presently unnamed peak in the center of Humphrey Basin holds special meaning to the friends and family of Sky Mote, as their annual hunting trips set up camp beneath this point; under the stars, the memories made beneath this rounded peak will be cherished forever. 
SEC. 8002. SKY POINT. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest in California, located at 37 °15′16.10091″N 118°43′39.54102″W, shall be known and des-ignated as ‘‘Sky Point’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, record, or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3183 May 25, 2016 
paper of the United States to the mountain de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to ‘‘Sky Point’’. TITLE IX—CHIEF STANDING BEAR TRAIL STUDY 
SEC. 9001. CHIEF STANDING BEAR NATIONAL HIS-TORIC TRAIL FEASIBILITY STUDY. 
Section 5(c) of the National Trails System Act (16 U.S.C. 1244(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(46) C
HIEF STANDING BEAR NATIONAL HIS -
TORIC TRAIL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Standing Bear Trail, extending approximately 550 miles from Niobrara, Nebraska, to Ponca City, Oklahoma, which follows the route taken by Chief Standing Bear and the Ponca people during Federal In-dian removal, and approximately 550 miles from Ponca City, Oklahoma, through Omaha, Ne-braska, to Niobrara, Nebraska, which follows the return route taken by Chief Standing Bear and the Ponca people, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail Feasibility Study’, numbered 903/ 125,630, and dated November 2014. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP .—The map de-scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of the Department of the Interior. ‘‘(C) C
OMPONENTS .—The feasibility study con-ducted under subparagraph (A) shall include a determination on whether the Chief Standing Bear Trail meets the criteria described in sub-section (b) for designation as a national historic trail. ‘‘(D) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the feasibility study under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider input from owners of private land within or adjacent to the study area.’’. TITLE X—JOHN MUIR NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE EXPANSION ACT 
SEC. 10001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘John Muir Na-tional Historic Site Expansion Act’’. 
SEC. 10002. JOHN MUIR NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE LAND ACQUISITION. 
(a) A CQUISITION .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior may acquire by donation the approximately 44 acres of land, and interests in such land, that are identified on the map entitled ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Proposed Boundary Ex-pansion’’, numbered 426/127150, and dated No-vember, 2014. (b) B
OUNDARY .—Upon the acquisition of the land authorized by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall adjust the boundaries of the John Muir Historic Site in Martinez, California, to include the land identified on the map re-ferred to in subsection (a). (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The land and interests in land acquired under subsection (a) shall be administered as part of the John Muir National Historic Site established by the Act of August 31, 1964 (Public Law 88–547; 78 Stat. 753; 16 U.S.C. 461 note). TITLE XI—ARAPAHO NATIONAL FOREST BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT ACT 
SEC. 11001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Arapaho Na-tional Forest Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 11002. ARAPAHO NATIONAL FOREST BOUND-ARY ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of the Arap-aho National Forest in the State of Colorado is adjusted to incorporate the approximately 92.95 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘The Wedge’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment’’ and dated No-vember 6, 2013, and described as lots three, four, eight, and nine of section 13, Township 4 North, Range 76 West, Sixth Principal Meridian, Colo-rado. A lot described in this subsection may be included in the boundary adjustment only after the Secretary of Agriculture obtains written per-mission for such action from the lot owner or owners. (b) BOWEN GULCH PROTECTION AREA.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall include all Fed-eral land within the boundary described in sub-section (a) in the Bowen Gulch Protection Area established under section 6 of the Colorado Wil-derness Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 539j). (c) L
AND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND.— For purposes of section 200306(a)(2)(B)(i) of title 54, United States Code, the boundaries of the Arapaho National Forest, as modified under subsection (a), shall be considered to be the boundaries of the Arapaho National Forest as in existence on January 1, 1965. (d) P
UBLIC MOTORIZED USE.—Nothing in this Act opens privately owned lands within the boundary described in subsection (a) to public motorized use. (e) A
CCESS TO NON-FEDERAL LANDS.—Not- withstanding the provisions of section 6(f) of the Colorado Wilderness Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 539j(f)) regarding motorized travel, the owners of any non-Federal lands within the boundary described in subsection (a) who historically have accessed their lands through lands now or here-after owned by the United States within the boundary described in subsection (a) shall have the continued right of motorized access to their lands across the existing roadway. TITLE XII—PRESERVATION RESEARCH AT INSTITUTIONS SERVING MINORITIES ACT 
SEC. 12001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Preservation Research at Institutions Serving Minorities Act’’ or the ‘‘PRISM Act’’. 
SEC. 12002. ELIGIBILITY OF HISPANIC-SERVING INSTITUTIONS AND ASIAN AMER-ICAN AND NATIVE AMERICAN PA-CIFIC ISLANDER-SERVING INSTITU-TIONS FOR ASSISTANCE FOR PRES-ERVATION EDUCATION AND TRAIN-ING PROGRAMS. 
Section 303903(3) of title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘to Hispanic- serving institutions (as defined in section 502(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a(a))) and Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander-serving institutions (as defined in section 320(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059g(b))),’’ after ‘‘universities,’’. TITLE XIII—ELKHORN RANCH AND WHITE RIVER NATIONAL FOREST CONVEYANCE ACT 
SEC. 13001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Elkhorn Ranch and White River National Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 13002. LAND CONVEYANCE, ELKHORN RANCH AND WHITE RIVER NATIONAL FOREST, COLORADO. 
(a) L ANDCONVEYANCE REQUIRED .—Consistent with the purpose of the Act of March 3, 1909 (43 U.S.C. 772), all right, title, and interest of the United States (subject to subsection (b)) in and to a parcel of land consisting of approximately 148 acres as generally depicted on the map enti-tled ‘‘Elkhorn Ranch Land Parcel–White River National Forest’’ and dated March 2015 shall be conveyed by patent to the Gordman-Leverich Partnership, a Colorado Limited Liability Part-nership (in this section referred to as ‘‘GLP’’). (b) E
XISTING RIGHTS .—The conveyance under subsection (a)— (1) is subject to the valid existing rights of the lessee of Federal oil and gas lease COC–75070 and any other valid existing rights; and (2) shall reserve to the United States the right to collect rent and royalty payments on the lease referred to in paragraph (1) for the dura-tion of the lease. (c) E
XISTING BOUNDARIES .—The conveyance under subsection (a) does not modify the exte-rior boundary of the White River National For-est or the boundaries of Sections 18 and 19 of Township 7 South, Range 93 West, Sixth Prin-cipal Meridian, Colorado, as such boundaries are in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) TIME FOR CONVEYANCE ; PAYMENT OF  C
OSTS.—The conveyance directed under sub-section (a) shall be completed not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The conveyance shall be without consideration, except that all costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior relating to any survey, platting, legal description, or other activities carried out to prepare and issue the patent shall be paid by GLP to the Secretary prior to the land convey-ance. TITLE XIV—NATIONAL LIBERTY MEMORIAL CLARIFICATION ACT 
SEC. 14001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Lib-erty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 14002. COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN STAND-ARDS FOR COMMEMORATIVE WORKS IN ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL LIBERTY MEMORIAL. 
Section 2860(c) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 40 U.S.C. 8903 note) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, except that, under subsections (a)(2) and (b) of section 8905, the Secretary of Agriculture, rather than the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Administrator of General Services, shall be responsible for the consideration of site and design proposals and the submission of such proposals on behalf of the sponsor to the Commission of Fine Arts and National Capital Planning Commission.’’. TITLE XV—CRAGS, COLORADO LAND EXCHANGE ACT 
SEC. 15001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Crags, Colo-rado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 15002. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this title are— (1) to authorize, direct, expedite, and facili-tate the land exchange set forth herein; and (2) to promote enhanced public outdoor rec-reational and natural resource conservation op-portunities in the Pike National Forest near Pikes Peak, Colorado, via acquisition of the non-Federal land and trail easement. 
SEC. 15003. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) BHI.—The term ‘‘BHI’’ means Broadmoor Hotel, Inc., a Colorado corporation. (2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to approximately 83 acres of land within the Pike National Forest, El Paso Coun-ty, Colorado, together with a non-exclusive per-petual access easement to BHI to and from such land on Forest Service Road 371, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange–Federal Parcel–Emerald Valley Ranch’’, dated March 2015. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non-Fed-eral land’’ means the land and trail easement to be conveyed to the Secretary by BHI in the ex-change and is— (A) approximately 320 acres of land within the Pike National Forest, Teller County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Pro-posed Crags Land Exchange–Non-Federal Par-cel–Crags Property’’, dated March 2015; and (B) a permanent trail easement for the Barr Trail in El Paso County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange–Barr Trail Easement to United States’’, dated March 2015, and which shall be considered as a voluntary donation to the United States by BHI for all purposes of law. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, unless otherwise specified. 
SEC. 15004. LAND EXCHANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If BHI offers to convey to the Secretary all right, title, and interest of BHI 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3184 May 25, 2016 
in and to the non-Federal land, the Secretary shall accept the offer and simultaneously con-vey to BHI the Federal land. (b) L
AND TITLE.—Title to the non-Federal land conveyed and donated to the Secretary under this Act shall be acceptable to the Sec-retary and shall conform to the title approval standards of the Attorney General of the United States applicable to land acquisitions by the Federal Government. (c) P
ERPETUAL ACCESS EASEMENT TO BHI.— The nonexclusive perpetual access easement to be granted to BHI as shown on the map referred to in section 15003(2) shall allow— (1) BHI to fully maintain, at BHI’s expense, and use Forest Service Road 371 from its junc-tion with Forest Service Road 368 in accordance with historic use and maintenance patterns by BHI; and (2) full and continued public and administra-tive access and use of FSR 371 in accordance with the existing Forest Service travel manage-ment plan, or as such plan may be revised by the Secretary. (d) R
OUTE AND CONDITION OF ROAD.—BHI and the Secretary may mutually agree to im-prove, relocate, reconstruct, or otherwise alter the route and condition of all or portions of such road as the Secretary, in close consultation with BHI, may determine advisable. (e) E
XCHANGE COSTS.—BHI shall pay for all land survey, appraisal, and other costs to the Secretary as may be necessary to process and consummate the exchange directed by this Act, including reimbursement to the Secretary, if the Secretary so requests, for staff time spent in such processing and consummation. 
SEC. 15005. EQUAL VALUE EXCHANGE AND AP-PRAISALS. 
(a) A PPRAISALS .—The values of the lands to be exchanged under this Act shall be determined by the Secretary through appraisals performed in accordance with— (1) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Fed-eral Land Acquisitions; (2) the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice; (3) appraisal instructions issued by the Sec-retary; and (4) shall be performed by an appraiser mutu-ally agreed to by the Secretary and BHI. (b) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .—The values of the Federal and non-Federal land parcels ex-changed shall be equal, or if they are not equal, shall be equalized as follows: (1) S
URPLUS OF FEDERAL LAND VALUE .—If the final appraised value of the Federal land ex-ceeds the final appraised value of the non-Fed-eral land parcel identified in section 15003(3)(A), BHI shall make a cash equalization payment to the United States as necessary to achieve equal value, including, if necessary, an amount in ex-cess of that authorized pursuant to section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of l976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)). (2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Any cash equalization moneys received by the Secretary under para-graph (1) shall be— (A) deposited in the fund established under Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’; 16 U.S.C. 484a); and (B) made available to the Secretary for the ac-quisition of land or interests in land in Region 2 of the Forest Service. (3) S
URPLUS OF NON -FEDERAL LAND VALUE .—If the final appraised value of the non-Federal land parcel identified in section 15003(3)(A) ex-ceeds the final appraised value of the Federal land, the United States shall not make a cash equalization payment to BHI, and surplus value of the non-Federal land shall be considered a donation by BHI to the United States for all purposes of law. (c) A
PPRAISAL EXCLUSIONS .— (1) S
PECIAL USE PERMIT .—The appraised value of the Federal land parcel shall not reflect any increase or diminution in value due to the spe-cial use permit existing on the date of the enact-ment of this Act to BHI on the parcel and im-provements thereunder. (2) BARR TRAIL EASEMENT .—The Barr Trail easement donation identified in section 15003(3)(B) shall not be appraised for purposes of this Act. 
SEC. 15006. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) W ITHDRAWAL PROVISIONS .— (1) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Lands acquired by the Sec-retary under this Act shall, without further ac-tion by the Secretary, be permanently with-drawn from all forms of appropriation and dis-posal under the public land laws (including the mining and mineral leasing laws) and the Geo-thermal Steam Act of 1930 (30 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). (2) W
ITHDRAWAL REVOCATION .—Any public land order that withdraws the Federal land from appropriation or disposal under a public land law shall be revoked to the extent nec-essary to permit disposal of the Federal land parcel to BHI. (3) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND .—All Fed- eral land authorized to be exchanged under this Act, if not already withdrawn or segregated from appropriation or disposal under the public lands laws upon enactment of this Act, is hereby so withdrawn, subject to valid existing rights, until the date of conveyance of the Federal land to BHI. (b) P
OSTEXCHANGE LAND MANAGEMENT .— Land acquired by the Secretary under this Act shall become part of the Pike-San Isabel Na-tional Forest and be managed in accordance with the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the National Forest System. (c) E
XCHANGE TIMETABLE .—It is the intent of Congress that the land exchange directed by this Act be consummated no later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) M
APS, ESTIMATES , ANDDESCRIPTIONS .— (1) M
INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary and BHI may by mutual agreement make minor boundary adjustments to the Federal and non-Federal lands involved in the exchange, and may correct any minor errors in any map, acreage estimate, or description of any land to be exchanged. (2) C
ONFLICT .—If there is a conflict between a map, an acreage estimate, or a description of land under this Act, the map shall control un-less the Secretary and BHI mutually agree oth-erwise. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—Upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file and make available for public inspection in the headquarters of the Pike-San Isabel National Forest a copy of all maps referred to in this Act. TITLE XVI—REMOVE REVERSIONARY INTEREST IN ROCKINGHAM COUNTY LAND 
SEC. 16001. REMOVAL OF USE RESTRICTION. 
Public Law 101–479 (104 Stat. 1158) is amend-ed— (1) by striking section 2(d); and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. REMOVAL OF USE RESTRICTION. 
‘‘(a) The approximately 1-acre portion of the land referred to in section 3 that is used for pur-poses of a child care center, as authorized by this Act, shall not be subject to the use restric-tion imposed in the deed referred to in section 3. ‘‘(b) Upon enactment of this section, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall execute an instru-ment to carry out subsection (a).’’. TITLE XVII—COLTSVILLE NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK 
SEC. 17001. AMENDMENT TO COLTSVILLE NA-TIONAL HISTORICAL PARK DONA-TION SITE. 
Section 3032(b) of Public Law 113–291 (16 U.S.C. 410qqq) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘East Ar-mory’’ and inserting ‘‘Colt Armory Complex’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL ADMINISTRATIVE CONDI -
TIONS .—No non-Federal property may be in-cluded in the park without the written consent of the owner. The establishment of the park or the management of the park shall not be con-strued to create buffer zones outside of the park. That activities or uses can be seen, heard or de-tected from areas within the park shall not pre-clude, limit, control, regulate, or determine the conduct or management of activities or uses out-side of the park.’’. TITLE XVIII—MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK ACT SEC. 18001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 18002. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK. 
The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to establish the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 96–428) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) of the first section, by striking ‘‘the map entitled ‘Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site Boundary Map’, number 489/80,013B, and dated September 1992’’ and inserting ‘‘the map entitled ‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Proposed Boundary Revision’, numbered 489/128,786 and dated June 2015’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. Na-tional Historical Park’’; (3) by striking ‘‘national historic site’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘national histor-ical park’’; (4) by striking ‘‘historic site’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘historical park’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘historic sites’’ in section 2(a) and inserting ‘‘historical parks’’. 
SEC. 18003. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law (other than this Act), map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to ‘‘Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park’’. TITLE XIX—EXTENSION OF THE AUTHOR-IZATION FOR THE GULLAH/GEECHEE CULTURAL HERITAGE CORRIDOR COM-MISSION 
SEC. 19001. EXTENSION OF THE AUTHORIZATION FOR THE GULLAH/GEECHEE CUL-TURAL HERITAGE CORRIDOR COM-MISSION. 
Section 295D(d) of the Gullah/Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Act (Public Law 109–338; 120 Stat. 1833; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’. TITLE XX—9/11 MEMORIAL ACT 
SEC. 20001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘9/11 Memorial Act’’. 
SEC. 20002. DEFINITIONS. 
For purposes of this Act: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible enti-ty’’ means a nonprofit organization as defined in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 501(c)(3)) in existence on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map ti-tled ‘‘National September 11 Memorial Proposed Boundary’’, numbered 903/128928, and dated June 2015. (3) N
ATIONAL SEPTEMBER 11 MEMORIAL .—The term ‘‘National September 11 Memorial’’ means the area approximately bounded by Fulton, Greenwich, Liberty and West Streets as gen-erally depicted on the map. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 20003. DESIGNATION OF MEMORIAL. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The National September 11 Memorial is hereby designated as a national me-morial. (b) M
AP.—The map shall be available for pub-lic inspection and kept on file at the appropriate office of the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3185 May 25, 2016 
(c) E FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The national memorial designated under this section shall not be a unit of the National Park System and the designation of the national memorial shall not be construed to require or authorize Federal funds to be expended for any purpose related to the national memorial except as provided under section 20004. 
SEC. 20004. COMPETITIVE GRANTS FOR CERTAIN MEMORIALS. 
(a) C OMPETITIVE GRANTS .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary may award a single grant per year through a competitive process to an eligible entity for the operation and maintenance of any memorial lo-cated within the United States established to commemorate the events of and honor— (1) the victims of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and United Airlines Flight 93 on September 11, 2001; and (2) the victims of the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center on February 26, 1993. (b) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds made available under this section shall remain available until expended. (c) C
RITERIA .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give greatest weight in the selection of eligible entities using the fol-lowing criteria: (1) Experience in managing a public memorial that will benefit the largest number of visitors each calendar year. (2) Experience in managing a memorial of sig-nificant size (4 acres or more). (3) Successful coordination and cooperation with Federal, State, and local governments in operating and managing the memorial. (4) Ability and commitment to use grant funds to enhance security at the memorial. (5) Ability to use grant funds to increase the numbers of economically disadvantaged visitors to the memorial and surrounding areas. (d) S
UMMARIES .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year in which an eligible entity obligates or expends any part of a grant under this section, the eligible entity shall pre-pare and submit to the Secretary and Congress a summary that— (1) specifies the amount of grant funds obli-gated or expended in the preceding fiscal year; (2) specifies the purpose for which the funds were obligated or expended; and (3) includes any other information the Sec-retary may require to more effectively admin-ister the grant program. (e) S
UNSET .—The authority to award grants under this section shall expire on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXI—KENNESAW MOUNTAIN NA-TIONAL BATTLEFIELD PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT ACT 
SEC. 21001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 21002. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park was authorized as a unit of the National Park System on June 26, 1935. Prior to 1935, parts of the park had been acquired and pro-tected by Civil War veterans and the War De-partment. (2) Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park protects Kennesaw Mountain and Kolb’s Farm, which are battle sites along the route of General Sherman’s 1864 campaign to take At-lanta. (3) Most of the park protects Confederate posi-tions and strategy. The Wallis House is one of the few original structures remaining from the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain associated with Union positions and strategy. (4) The Wallis House is strategically located next to a Union signal station at Harriston Hill. SEC. 21003. BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT; LAND AC-QUISITION; ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) B OUNDARY ADJUSTMENT .—The boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park is modified to include the approximately 8 acres identified as ‘‘Wallis House and Harriston Hill’’, and generally depicted on the map titled ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, Proposed Boundary Adjustment’’, num-bered 325/80,020, and dated February 2010. (b) M
AP.—The map referred to in subsection (a) shall be on file and available for inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (c) L
ANDACQUISITION .—The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire, from willing owners only, land or interests in land described in subsection (a) by donation or exchange. (d) A
DMINISTRATION OF ACQUIRED LANDS.— The Secretary of the Interior shall administer land and interests in land acquired under this section as part of the Kennesaw Mountain Na-tional Battlefield Park in accordance with ap-plicable laws and regulations. (e) W
RITTEN CONSENT OF OWNER .—No non- Federal property may be included in the Ken-nesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park without the written consent of the owner. This provision shall apply only to those portions of the Park added under subsection (a). (f) N
OUSE OF CONDEMNATION .—The Secretary of the Interior may not acquire by condemna-tion any land or interests in land under this Act or for the purposes of this Act. (g) N
OBUFFER ZONECREATED .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, or the management plan for the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Park. That ac-tivities or uses can be seen, heard, or detected from areas within the Kennesaw Mountain Na-tional Battlefield Park shall not preclude, limit, control, regulate or determine the conduct or management of activities or uses outside the Park. TITLE XXII—VEHICLE ACCESS AT DELA-WARE WATER GAP NATIONAL RECRE-ATION AREA 
SEC. 22001. VEHICULAR ACCESS AND FEES. 
Section 4 of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act (Public Law 109–156) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. USE OF CERTAIN ROADS WITHIN THE RECREATION AREA. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, Highway 209, a federally owned road within the boundaries of the Recre-ation Area, shall be closed to all commercial ve-hicles. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR LOCAL BUSINESS USE.— Until September 30, 2020, subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to the use of commercial ve-hicles that have four or fewer axles and are— ‘‘(1) owned and operated by a business phys-ically located in— ‘‘(A) the Recreation Area; or ‘‘(B) one or more adjacent municipalities; or ‘‘(2) necessary to provide services to businesses or persons located in— ‘‘(A) the Recreation Area; or ‘‘(B) one of more adjacent municipalities. ‘‘(c) F
EE.—The Secretary shall establish a fee and permit program for the use by commercial vehicles of Highway 209 under subsection (b). The program shall include an annual fee not to exceed $200 per vehicle. All fees received under the program shall be set aside in a special ac-count and be available, without further appro-priation, to the Secretary for the administration and enforcement of the program, including reg-istering vehicles, issuing permits and vehicle identification stickers, and personnel costs. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .—The following vehicles may use Highway 209 and shall not be subject to a fee or permit requirement under subsection (c): ‘‘(1) Local school buses. ‘‘(2) Fire, ambulance, and other safety and emergency vehicles. ‘‘(3) Commercial vehicles using Federal Road Route 209, from— ‘‘(A) Milford to the Delaware River Bridge leading to U.S. Route 206 in New Jersey; and ‘‘(B) mile 0 of Federal Road Route 209 to Pennsylvania State Route 2001.’’. SEC. 22002. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2 of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act (Public Law 109–156) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so re-designated by paragraph (1) of this section) the following: ‘‘(1) A
DJACENT MUNICIPALITIES .—The term ‘adjacent municipalities’ means Delaware Township, Dingman Township, Lehman Town-ship, Matamoras Borough, Middle Smithfield Township, Milford Borough, Milford Township, Smithfield Township and Westfall Township, in Pennsylvania.’’. 
SEC. 22003. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
Section 702 of the Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–333) is repealed. TITLE XXIII—GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEASHORE LAND EXCHANGE ACT 
SEC. 23001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 23002. LAND EXCHANGE, GULF ISLANDS NA-TIONAL SEASHORE, JACKSON COUN-TY, MISSISSIPPI. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of the Interior, acting through the Direc-tor of the National Park Service (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may convey to the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699 (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Post’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, consisting of approxi-mately 1.542 acres and located within the Gulf Islands National Seashore in Jackson County, Mississippi, section 34, township 7 north, range 8 east. (b) L
ANDTOBEACQUIRED .—In exchange for the property described in subsection (a), the Post shall convey to the Secretary all right, title, and interest of the Post in and to a parcel of real property, consisting of approximately 2.161 acres and located in Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, section 34, township 7 north, range 8 east. (c) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .—The values of the parcels of real property to be exchanged under this section are deemed to be equal. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the Post to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, in-cluding survey costs, costs related to environ-mental documentation, and any other adminis-trative costs related to the land exchange. If amounts are collected from the Secretary in ad-vance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs and the amount collected exceeds the costs actu-ally incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Post. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of property to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3186 May 25, 2016 
exchanged under this section shall be deter-mined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary and the Post. (f) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange of real property under this section shall be ac-complished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the Post, including such additional terms and con-ditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (g) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED LAND.—Land and interests in land acquired by the United States under subsection (b) shall be adminis-tered by the Secretary as part of the Gulf Is-lands National Seashore. (h) M
ODIFICATION OF BOUNDARY .—Upon com-pletion of the land exchange under this section, the Secretary shall modify the boundary of the Gulf Islands National Seashore to reflect such land exchange. TITLE XXIV—KOREAN WAR VETERANS MEMORIAL WALL OF REMEMBRANCE ACT 
SEC. 24001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 24002. WALL OF REMEMBRANCE. 
Section 1 of the Act titled ‘‘An Act to author-ize the erection of a memorial on Federal Land in the District of Columbia and its environs to honor members of the Armed Forces of the United States who served in the Korean War’’, approved October 25, 1986 (Public Law 99–572), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such memorial shall include a Wall of Remem-brance, which shall be constructed without the use of Federal funds. The American Battle Monuments Commission shall request and con-sider design recommendations from the Korean War Veterans Memorial Foundation, Inc. for the establishment of the Wall of Remembrance. The Wall of Remembrance shall include— ‘‘(1) a list by name of members of the Armed Forces of the United States who died in theatre in the Korean War; ‘‘(2) the number of members of the Armed Forces of the United States who, in regards to the Korean War— ‘‘(A) were wounded in action; ‘‘(B) are listed as missing in action; or ‘‘(C) were prisoners of war; and ‘‘(3) the number of members of the Korean Augmentation to the United States Army, the Republic of Korea Armed Forces, and the other nations of the United Nations Command who, in regards to the Korean War— ‘‘(A) were killed in action; ‘‘(B) were wounded in action; ‘‘(C) are listed as missing in action; or ‘‘(D) were prisoners of war.’’. TITLE XXV—NATIONAL FOREST SMALL TRACTS ACT AMENDMENTS ACT 
SEC. 25001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 25002. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE OF SMALL PARCELS OF NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND. 
(a) I NCREASE IN MAXIMUM VALUE OF SMALL  P
ARCELS .—Section 3 of Public Law 97–465 (com-monly known as the Small Tracts Act; 16 U.S.C. 521e) is amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1) by striking ‘‘$150,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL CONVEYANCE PURPOSES .—Sec- tion 3 of Public Law 97–465 (16 U.S.C. 521e) is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘which are—’’ and inserting ‘‘which in-volve any one of the following:’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘parcels’’ and inserting ‘‘Par-cels’’; and (B) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘parcels’’ the first place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Parcels’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a period; (4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘road’’ and inserting ‘‘Road’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) Parcels of 40 acres or less which are de-termined by the Secretary to be physically iso-lated, to be inaccessible, or to have lost their National Forest character. ‘‘(5) Parcels of 10 acres or less which are not eligible for conveyance under paragraph (2), but which are encroached upon by permanent hab-itable improvements for which there is no evi-dence that the encroachment was intentional or negligent. ‘‘(6) Parcels used as a cemetery, a landfill, or a sewage treatment plant under a special use authorization issued by the Secretary. In the case of a cemetery expected to reach capacity within 10 years, the sale, exchange, or inter-change may include, in the sole discretion of the Secretary, up to 1 additional acre abutting the permit area to facilitate expansion of the ceme-tery.’’. (c) DISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .—Section 2 of Public Law 97–465 (16 U.S.C. 521d) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary is authorized’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY ; C ONSIDER -
ATION .—The Secretary is authorized’’; (2) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall insert’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION OF TERMS , COVENANTS , CONDI-
TIONS , ANDRESERVATIONS .—The Secretary shall insert’’; (3) by striking ‘‘convenants’’ and inserting ‘‘covenants’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .— ‘‘(1) D
EPOSIT IN SISK FUND .—The net proceeds derived from any sale or exchange conducted under the authority of paragraph (4), (5), or (6) of section 3 shall be deposited in the fund estab-lished by Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the Sisk Act; 16 U.S.C. 484a). ‘‘(2) U
SE.—Amounts deposited under para-graph (1) shall be available to the Secretary until expended for— ‘‘(A) the acquisition of land or interests in land for administrative sites for the National Forest System in the State from which the amounts were derived; ‘‘(B) the acquisition of land or interests in land for inclusion in the National Forest System in that State, including land or interests in land which enhance opportunities for recreational access; ‘‘(C) the performance of deferred maintenance on administrative sites for the National Forest System in that State or other deferred mainte-nance activities in that State which enhance op-portunities for recreational access; or ‘‘(D) the reimbursement of the Secretary for costs incurred in preparing a sale conducted under the authority of section 3 if the sale is a competitive sale.’’. TITLE XXVI—WESTERN OREGON TRIBAL FAIRNESS ACT 
SEC. 26001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Western Or-egon Tribal Fairness Act’’. Subtitle A—Cow Creek Umpqua Land Conveyance 
SEC. 26011. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Cow Creek Umpqua Land Conveyance Act’’. 
SEC. 26012. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
OUNCIL CREEK LAND .—The term ‘‘Council Creek land’’ means the approximately 17,519 acres of land, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Canyon Mountain Land Conveyance’’ and dated June 27, 2013. (2) TRIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 26013. CONVEYANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, including rights-of-way, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Council Creek land, including any improve-ments located on the land, appurtenances to the land, and minerals on or in the land, including oil and gas, shall be— (1) held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe; and (2) part of the reservation of the Tribe. (b) S
URVEY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete a survey of the boundary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust under subsection (a). 
SEC. 26014. MAP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal description of the Council Creek land with— (1) the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (b) F
ORCE AND EFFECT .—The map and legal description filed under subsection (a) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this subtitle, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical or typographical errors in the map or legal description. (c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The map and legal description filed under subsection (a) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Secretary. 
SEC. 26015. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Unless expressly provided in this subtitle, nothing in this subtitle affects any right or claim of the Tribe existing on the date of enactment of this Act to any land or interest in land. (b) P
ROHIBITIONS .— (1) E
XPORTS OF UNPROCESSED LOGS .—Federal law (including regulations) relating to the ex-port of unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land shall apply to any unprocessed logs that are harvested from the Council Creek land. (2) N
ON-PERMISSIBLE USE OF LAND .—Any real property taken into trust under section 26013 shall not be eligible, or used, for any gaming ac-tivity carried out under Public Law 100–497 (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). (c) F
OREST MANAGEMENT .—Any forest man-agement activity that is carried out on the Council Creek land shall be managed in accord-ance with all applicable Federal laws. 
SEC. 26016. LAND RECLASSIFICATION. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF OREGON AND CALI-
FORNIA RAILROAD GRANT LAND.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary shall identify any Oregon and California Rail-road grant land that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe under section 26013. (b) I
DENTIFICATION OF PUBLIC DOMAIN  L
AND.—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall identify public domain land in the State of Or-egon that— (1) is approximately equal in acreage and con-dition as the Oregon and California Railroad grant land identified under subsection (a); and (2) is located in the vicinity of the Oregon and California Railroad grant land. (c) M
APS.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and publish in the Fed-eral Register one or more maps depicting the land identified in subsections (a) and (b). (d) R
ECLASSIFICATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3187 May 25, 2016 
(1) I N GENERAL .—After providing an oppor-tunity for public comment, the Secretary shall reclassify the land identified in subsection (b) as Oregon and California Railroad grant land. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.), shall apply to land reclassified as Oregon and California Railroad grant land under paragraph (1). Subtitle B—Coquille Forest Fairness 
SEC. 26021. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Coquille Forest Fairness Act’’. 
SEC. 26022. AMENDMENTS TO COQUILLE RES-TORATION ACT. 
Section 5(d) of the Coquille Restoration Act (25 U.S.C. 715c(d)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) M
ANAGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, shall manage the Coquille Forest in accordance with the laws per-taining to the management of Indian trust land. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(i) U
NPROCESSED LOGS .—Unprocessed logs harvested from the Coquille Forest shall be sub-ject to the same Federal statutory restrictions on export to foreign nations that apply to unproc-essed logs harvested from Federal land. ‘‘(ii) S
ALES OF TIMBER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, all sales of timber from land subject to this subsection shall be adver-tised, offered, and awarded according to com-petitive bidding practices, with sales being awarded to the highest responsible bidder.’’; (2) by striking paragraph (9); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (10) through (12) as paragraphs (9) through (11), respectively. Subtitle C—Oregon Coastal Lands 
SEC. 26031. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Oregon Coastal Lands Act’’. 
SEC. 26032. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
ONFEDERATED TRIBES .—The term ‘‘Con-federated Tribes’’ means the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw In-dians. (2) O
REGON COASTAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Or-egon Coastal land’’ means the approximately 14,408 acres of land, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Oregon Coastal Land Convey-ance’’ and dated March 27, 2013. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 26033. CONVEYANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, including rights-of-way, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Oregon Coastal land, including any improve-ments located on the land, appurtenances to the land, and minerals on or in the land, including oil and gas, shall be— (1) held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Confederated Tribes; and (2) part of the reservation of the Confederated Tribes. (b) S
URVEY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete a survey of the boundary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust under subsection (a). 
SEC. 26034. MAP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal description of the Or-egon Coastal land with— (1) the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (b) F
ORCE AND EFFECT .—The map and legal description filed under subsection (a) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this subtitle, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical or typographical errors in the map or legal description. (c) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The map and legal description filed under subsection (a) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Secretary. 
SEC. 26035. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Unless expressly provided in this subtitle, nothing in this subtitle affects any right or claim of the Confederated Tribes exist-ing on the date of enactment of this Act to any land or interest in land. (b) P
ROHIBITIONS .— (1) E
XPORTS OF UNPROCESSED LOGS .—Federal law (including regulations) relating to the ex-port of unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land shall apply to any unprocessed logs that are harvested from the Oregon Coastal land taken into trust under section 26033. (2) N
ON-PERMISSIBLE USE OF LAND .—Any real property taken into trust under section 26033 shall not be eligible, or used, for any gaming ac-tivity carried out under Public Law 100–497 (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). (c) L
AWS APPLICABLE TO COMMERCIAL FOR-
ESTRY ACTIVITY .—Any commercial forestry ac-tivity that is carried out on the Oregon Coastal land taken into trust under section 26033 shall be managed in accordance with all applicable Federal laws. (d) A
GREEMENTS .—The Confederated Tribes shall consult with the Secretary and other par-ties as necessary to develop agreements to pro-vide for access to the Oregon Coastal land taken into trust under section 26033 that provide for— (1) honoring existing reciprocal right-of-way agreements; (2) administrative access by the Bureau of Land Management; and (3) management of the Oregon Coastal lands that are acquired or developed under chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965’’), consistent with section 200305(f)(3) of that title. (e) L
ANDUSEPLANNING REQUIREMENTS .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (c), once the Or-egon Coastal land is taken into trust under sec-tion 26033, the land shall not be subject to the land use planning requirements of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.). 
SEC. 26036. LAND RECLASSIFICATION. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF OREGON AND CALI-
FORNIA RAILROAD GRANT LAND.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary shall identify any Oregon and California Rail-road grant land that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Confederated Tribes under section 26033. (b) I
DENTIFICATION OF PUBLIC DOMAIN  L
AND.—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall identify public domain land in the State of Or-egon that— (1) is approximately equal in acreage and con-dition as the Oregon and California Railroad grant land identified under subsection (a); and (2) is located in the vicinity of the Oregon and California Railroad grant land. (c) M
APS.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and publish in the Fed-eral Register one or more maps depicting the land identified in subsections (a) and (b). (d) R
ECLASSIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After providing an oppor-tunity for public comment, the Secretary shall reclassify the land identified in subsection (b) as Oregon and California Railroad grant land. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.), shall apply to land reclassified as Oregon and California Railroad grant land under paragraph (1). DIVISION D—SCIENCE TITLE V—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY SCIENCE SEC. 501. MISSION. 
Section 209 of the Department of Energy Or-ganization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office of Science shall be the delivery of scientific discov-eries, capabilities, and major scientific tools to transform the understanding of nature and to advance the energy, economic, and national se-curity of the United States. In support of this mission, the Director shall carry out programs on basic energy sciences, advanced scientific computing research, high energy physics, bio-logical and environmental research, fusion en-ergy sciences, and nuclear physics, including as provided under subtitle A of title V of the Amer-ica COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, through activities focused on— ‘‘(1) fundamental scientific discoveries through the study of matter and energy; ‘‘(2) science in the national interest, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) advancing an agenda for American en-ergy security through research on energy pro-duction, storage, transmission, efficiency, and use; and ‘‘(B) advancing our understanding of the Earth’s climate through research in atmospheric and environmental sciences; and ‘‘(3) National Scientific User Facilities to de-liver the 21st century tools of science, engineer-ing, and technology and provide the Nation’s researchers with the most advanced tools of modern science including accelerators, colliders, supercomputers, light sources and neutron sources, and facilities for studying materials science. ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER DEPARTMENT  
OFENERGY PROGRAMS .—The Under Secretary for Science and Energy shall ensure the coordi-nation of Office of Science activities and pro-grams with other activities of the Department.’’. 
SEC. 502. BASIC ENERGY SCIENCES. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a program in basic energy sciences, including ma-terials sciences and engineering, chemical sciences, physical biosciences, and geosciences, for the purpose of providing the scientific foun-dations for new energy technologies. (b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the program de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be to support fun-damental research to understand, predict, and ultimately control matter and energy at the elec-tronic, atomic, and molecular levels in order to provide the foundations for new energy tech-nologies and to support Department missions in energy, environment, and national security. (c) B
ASIC ENERGY SCIENCES USER FACILI -
TIES.—The Director shall carry out a subpro-gram for the development, construction, oper-ation, and maintenance of national user facili-ties to support the program under this section. As practicable, these facilities shall serve the needs of the Department, industry, the academic community, and other relevant entities to create and examine new materials and chemical proc-esses for the purposes of advancing new energy technologies and improving the competitiveness of the United States. These facilities shall in-clude— (1) x-ray light sources; (2) neutron sources; (3) nanoscale science research centers; and (4) other facilities the Director considers ap-propriate, consistent with section 209 of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139). (d) L
IGHT SOURCE LEADERSHIP INITIATIVE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—In support of the sub-program authorized in subsection (c), the Direc-tor shall establish an initiative to sustain and advance global leadership of light source user facilities. (2) L
EADERSHIP STRATEGY .—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3188 May 25, 2016 
and biennially thereafter, the Director shall pre-pare, in consultation with relevant stake-holders, and submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a light source leadership strategy that— (A) identifies, prioritizes, and describes plans for the development, construction, and oper-ation of light sources over the next decade; (B) describes plans for optimizing management and use of existing light source facilities; and (C) assesses the international outlook for light source user facilities and describes plans for United States cooperation in such projects. (3) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE FEEDBACK AND REC -
OMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 45 days after submission of the strategy described in para-graph (2), the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee shall provide the Director, the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report of the Advisory Committee’s analyses, findings, and recommendations for improving the strategy, including a review of the most re-cent budget request for the initiative. (4) P
ROPOSED BUDGET .—The Director shall transmit annually to Congress a proposed budg-et corresponding to the activities identified in the strategy. (e) A
CCELERATOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Director shall carry out research and development on advanced accelerator and storage ring technologies relevant to the devel-opment of Basic Energy Sciences user facilities, in consultation with the Office of Science’s High Energy Physics and Nuclear Physics programs. (f) E
NERGY FRONTIER RESEARCH CENTERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry out a program to provide awards, on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis, to multi-institutional col-laborations or other appropriate entities to con-duct fundamental and use-inspired energy re-search to accelerate scientific breakthroughs. (2) C
OLLABORATIONS .—A collaboration receiv-ing an award under this subsection may include multiple types of institutions and private sector entities. (3) S
ELECTION AND DURATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A collaboration under this subsection shall be selected for a period of 5 years. An Energy Frontier Research Center al-ready in existence and supported by the Direc-tor on the date of enactment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 5 years beginning on the date of establishment of that center. (B) R
EAPPLICATION .—After the end of the pe-riod described in subparagraph (A), an awardee may reapply for selection for a second period of 5 years on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis. (C) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the exist-ing authorities of the Department, the Director may terminate an underperforming center for cause during the performance period. (4) N
O FUNDING FOR CONSTRUCTION .—No fund- ing provided pursuant to this subsection may be used for the construction of new buildings or fa-cilities. 
SEC. 503. ADVANCED SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING RE-SEARCH. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a research, development, and demonstration pro-gram to advance computational and networking capabilities to analyze, model, simulate, and predict complex phenomena relevant to the de-velopment of new energy technologies and the competitiveness of the United States. (b) F
ACILITIES .—The Director, as part of the program described in subsection (a), shall de-velop and maintain world-class computing and network facilities for science and deliver critical research in applied mathematics, computer science, and advanced networking to support the Department’s missions. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5541) is amended by strik-ing paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) CO-DESIGN .—The term ‘co-design’ means the joint development of application algorithms, models, and codes with computer technology ar-chitectures and operating systems to maximize effective use of high-end computing systems. ‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ means the Department of Energy. ‘‘(3) E
XASCALE .—The term ‘exascale’ means computing system performance at or near 10 to the 18th power floating point operations per sec-ond. ‘‘(4) H
IGH-END COMPUTING SYSTEM .—The term ‘high-end computing system’ means a computing system with performance that substantially ex-ceeds that of systems that are commonly avail-able for advanced scientific and engineering ap-plications. ‘‘(5) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). ‘‘(6) L
EADERSHIP SYSTEM .—The term ‘leader-ship system’ means a high-end computing sys-tem that is among the most advanced in the world in terms of performance in solving sci-entific and engineering problems. ‘‘(7) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘Na-tional Laboratory’ means any one of the seven-teen laboratories owned by the Department. ‘‘(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Energy. ‘‘(9) S
OFTWARE TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘soft-ware technology’ includes optimal algorithms, programming environments, tools, languages, and operating systems for high-end computing systems.’’. (d) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY HIGH-ENDCOM-
PUTING RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 3 of the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5542) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘program’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated program across the Department’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1); (C) by striking the period at the end of para-graph (2) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) partner with universities, National Lab-oratories, and industry to ensure the broadest possible application of the technology developed in this program to other challenges in science, engineering, medicine, and industry.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘vector’’ and all that follows through ‘‘architectures’’ and inserting ‘‘computer technologies that show promise of substantial reductions in power re-quirements and substantial gains in parallelism of multicore processors, concurrency, memory and storage, bandwidth, and reliability’’; and (3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) E
XASCALE COMPUTING PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a coordinated research program to develop exascale computing systems to advance the mis-sions of the Department. ‘‘(2) E
XECUTION .—The Secretary shall, through competitive merit review, establish two or more National Laboratory-industry-univer-sity partnerships to conduct integrated research, development, and engineering of multiple exascale architectures, and— ‘‘(A) conduct mission-related co-design activi-ties in developing such exascale platforms; ‘‘(B) develop those advancements in hardware and software technology required to fully real-ize the potential of an exascale production sys-tem in addressing Department target applica-tions and solving scientific problems involving predictive modeling and simulation and large- scale data analytics and management; and ‘‘(C) explore the use of exascale computing technologies to advance a broad range of science and engineering. ‘‘(3) ADMINISTRATION .—In carrying out this program, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) provide, on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis, access for researchers in United States in-dustry, institutions of higher education, Na-tional Laboratories, and other Federal agencies to these exascale systems, as appropriate; and ‘‘(B) conduct outreach programs to increase the readiness for the use of such platforms by domestic industries, including manufacturers. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(A) I
NTEGRATED STRATEGY AND PROGRAM  
MANAGEMENT PLAN .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, a report outlining an integrated strategy and program manage-ment plan, including target dates for prototypical and production exascale platforms, interim milestones to reaching these targets, functional requirements, roles and responsibil-ities of National Laboratories and industry, ac-quisition strategy, and estimated resources re-quired, to achieve this exascale system capa-bility. The report shall include the Secretary’s plan for Departmental organization to manage and execute the Exascale Computing Program, including definition of the roles and responsibil-ities within the Department to ensure an inte-grated program across the Department. The re-port shall also include a plan for ensuring bal-ance and prioritizing across ASCR subprograms in a flat or slow-growth budget environment. ‘‘(B) S
TATUS REPORTS .—At the time of the budget submission of the Department for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that describes the status of mile-stones and costs in achieving the objectives of the exascale computing program. ‘‘(C) E
XASCALE MERIT REPORT .—At least 18 months prior to the initiation of construction or installation of any exascale-class computing fa-cility, the Secretary shall transmit a plan to the Congress detailing— ‘‘(i) the proposed facility’s cost projections and capabilities to significantly accelerate the development of new energy technologies; ‘‘(ii) technical risks and challenges that must be overcome to achieve successful completion and operation of the facility; and ‘‘(iii) an independent assessment of the sci-entific and technological advances expected from such a facility relative to those expected from a comparable investment in expanded re-search and applications at terascale-class and petascale-class computing facilities, including an evaluation of where investments should be made in the system software and algorithms to enable these advances.’’. 
SEC. 504. HIGH ENERGY PHYSICS. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a research program on the fundamental constitu-ents of matter and energy and the nature of space and time. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Director should incorporate the find-ings and recommendations of the Particle Phys-ics Project Prioritization Panel’s report entitled ‘‘Building for Discovery: Strategic Plan for U.S. Particle Physics in the Global Context’’, into the Department’s planning process as part of the program described in subsection (a); (2) the Director should prioritize domestically hosted research projects that will maintain the United States position as a global leader in par-ticle physics and attract the world’s most tal-ented physicists and foreign investment for international collaboration; and (3) the nations that lead in particle physics by hosting international teams dedicated to a com-mon scientific goal attract the world’s best tal-ent and inspire future generations of physicists and technologists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3189 May 25, 2016 
(c) N EUTRINO RESEARCH .—As part of the pro-gram described in subsection (a), the Director shall carry out research activities on rare decay processes and the nature of the neutrino, which may include collaborations with the National Science Foundation or international collabora-tions. (d) D
ARK ENERGY AND DARK MATTER RE-
SEARCH .—As part of the program described in subsection (a), the Director shall carry out re-search activities on the nature of dark energy and dark matter, which may include collabora-tions with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration or the National Science Founda-tion, or international collaborations. (e) A
CCELERATOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Director shall carry out research and development in advanced accelerator con-cepts and technologies, including laser tech-nologies, to reduce the necessary scope and cost for the next generation of particle accelerators. The Director shall ensure access to national lab-oratory accelerator facilities, infrastructure, and technology for users and developers of ac-celerators that advance applications in energy and the environment, medicine, industry, na-tional security, and discovery science. (f) I
NTERNATIONAL COLLABORATION .—The Di- rector, as practicable and in coordination with other appropriate Federal agencies as necessary, shall ensure the access of United States re-searchers to the most advanced accelerator fa-cilities and research capabilities in the world, including the Large Hadron Collider. 
SEC. 505. BIOLOGICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RE-SEARCH. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a program of research, development, and dem-onstration in the areas of biological systems science and climate and environmental science to support the energy and environmental mis-sions of the Department. (b) P
RIORITY RESEARCH .—In carrying out this section, the Director shall prioritize funda-mental research on biological systems and genomics science with the greatest potential to enable scientific discovery. (c) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to Congress identifying climate science-related ini-tiatives under this section that overlap or dupli-cate initiatives of other Federal agencies and the extent of such overlap or duplication. (d) L
IMITATION .—The Director shall not ap-prove new climate science-related initiatives to be carried out through the Office of Science without making a determination that such work is unique and not duplicative of work by other Federal agencies. Not later than 3 months after receiving the assessment required under sub-section (c), the Director shall cease those climate science-related initiatives identified in the as-sessment as overlapping or duplicative, unless the Director justifies that such work is critical to achieving American energy security. (e) L
OWDOSE RADIATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Depart-ment of Energy Office of Science shall carry out a research program on low dose radiation. The purpose of the program is to enhance the sci-entific understanding of and reduce uncertain-ties associated with the effects of exposure to low dose radiation in order to inform improved risk management methods. (2) S
TUDY .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall enter into an agreement with the National Academies to conduct a study assessing the cur-rent status and development of a long-term strategy for low dose radiation research. Such study shall be completed not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. The study shall be conducted in coordination with Federal agencies that perform ionizing ra-diation effects research and shall leverage the most current studies in this field. Such study shall— (A) identify current scientific challenges for understanding the long-term effects of ionizing radiation; (B) assess the status of current low dose radi-ation research in the United States and inter-nationally; (C) formulate overall scientific goals for the future of low-dose radiation research in the United States; (D) recommend a long-term strategic and prioritized research agenda to address scientific research goals for overcoming the identified sci-entific challenges in coordination with other re-search efforts; (E) define the essential components of a re-search program that would address this research agenda within the universities and the National Laboratories; and (F) assess the cost-benefit effectiveness of such a program. (3) RESEARCH PLAN .—Not later than 90 days after the completion of the study performed under paragraph (2) the Secretary of Energy shall deliver to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate a 5-year research plan that responds to the study’s findings and rec-ommendations and identifies and prioritizes re-search needs. (4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘low dose radiation’’ means a radiation dose of less than 100 millisieverts. (5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to subject any re-search carried out by the Director under the re-search program under this subsection to any limitations described in section 977(e) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16317(e)). 
SEC. 506. FUSION ENERGY. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a fusion energy sciences research program to ex-pand the fundamental understanding of plas-mas and matter at very high temperatures and densities and to build the scientific foundation necessary to enable fusion power. (b) F
USION MATERIALS RESEARCH AND DEVEL-
OPMENT .—As part of the activities authorized in section 978 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16318)— (1) the Director, in coordination with the As-sistant Secretary for Nuclear Energy of the De-partment, shall carry out research and develop-ment activities to identify, characterize, and demonstrate materials that can endure the neu-tron, plasma, and heat fluxes expected in a fu-sion power system; and (2) the Secretary shall— (A) provide an assessment of the need for a fa-cility or facilities that can examine and test po-tential fusion and next generation fission mate-rials and other enabling technologies relevant to the development of fusion power; and (B) provide an assessment of whether a single new facility that substantially addresses mag-netic fusion and next generation fission mate-rials research needs is feasible, in conjunction with the expected capabilities of facilities oper-ational as of the date of enactment of this Act. (c) T
OKAMAK RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the program de-scribed in subsection (a), the Director shall sup-port research and development activities and fa-cility operations to optimize the tokamak ap-proach to fusion energy. (2) ITER.— (A) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report providing an assessment of— (i) the most recent schedule for ITER that has been approved by the ITER Council; and (ii) progress of the ITER Council and the ITER Director General toward implementation of the recommendations of the Third Biennial International Organization Management Assess-ment Report. (B) FAIRNESS IN COMPETITION FOR SOLICITA -
TIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PROJECT ACTIVITIES .— Section 33 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2053) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this section, with respect to international research projects, the term ‘private facilities or laboratories’ shall refer to facilities or laboratories located in the United States.’’. (C) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should support a robust, diverse fusion program. It is further the sense of Congress that developing the sci-entific basis for fusion, providing research re-sults key to the success of ITER, and training the next generation of fusion scientists are of critical importance to the United States and should in no way be diminished by participation of the United States in the ITER project. (d) I
NERTIAL FUSION ENERGY RESEARCH AND  D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall carry out a program of research and technology development in inertial fusion for energy appli-cations, including ion beam, laser, and pulsed power fusion systems. (e) A
LTERNATIVE AND ENABLING CONCEPTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the program de-scribed in subsection (a), the Director shall sup-port research and development activities and fa-cility operations at United States universities, national laboratories, and private facilities for a portfolio of alternative and enabling fusion en-ergy concepts that may provide solutions to sig-nificant challenges to the establishment of a commercial magnetic fusion power plant, prioritized based on the ability of the United States to play a leadership role in the inter-national fusion research community. Fusion en-ergy concepts and activities explored under this paragraph may include— (A) high magnetic field approaches facilitated by high temperature superconductors; (B) advanced stellarator concepts; (C) non-tokamak confinement configurations operating at low magnetic fields; (D) magnetized target fusion energy concepts; (E) liquid metals to address issues associated with fusion plasma interactions with the inner wall of the encasing device; (F) immersion blankets for heat management and fuel breeding; (G) advanced scientific computing activities; and (H) other promising fusion energy concepts identified by the Director. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH ARPA –E.—The Under Secretary and the Director shall coordinate with the Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy (in this paragraph referred to as ‘‘ARPA–E’’) to— (A) assess the potential for any fusion energy project supported by ARPA–E to represent a promising approach to a commercially viable fu-sion power plant; (B) determine whether the results of any fu-sion energy project supported by ARPA–E merit the support of follow-on research activities car-ried out by the Office of Science; and (C) avoid unintentional duplication of activi-ties. (f) G
ENERAL PLASMA SCIENCE AND APPLICA -
TIONS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall pro-vide to Congress an assessment of opportunities in which the United States can provide world- leading contributions to advancing plasma science and non-fusion energy applications, and identify opportunities for partnering with other Federal agencies both within and outside of the Department of Energy. (g) I
DENTIFICATION OF PRIORITIES .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a report on the De-partment’s proposed fusion energy research and development activities over the following 10 years under at least 3 realistic budget scenarios, including a scenario based on 3 percent annual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3190 May 25, 2016 
growth in the non-ITER portion of the budget for fusion energy research and development ac-tivities. The report shall— (A) identify specific areas of fusion energy re-search and enabling technology development in which the United States can and should estab-lish or solidify a lead in the global fusion energy development effort; (B) identify priorities for initiation of facility construction and facility decommissioning under each of those scenarios; and (C) assess the ability of the United States fu-sion workforce to carry out the activities identi-fied in subparagraphs (A) and (B), including the adequacy of college and university programs to train the leaders and workers of the next gen-eration of fusion energy researchers. (2) P
ROCESS .—In order to develop the report required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall leverage best practices and lessons learned from the process used to develop the most recent report of the Particle Physics Project Prioritization Panel of the High Energy Physics Advisory Panel. No member of the Fusion En-ergy Sciences Advisory Committee shall be ex-cluded from participating in developing or vot-ing on final approval of the report required under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 507. NUCLEAR PHYSICS. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a program of experimental and theoretical re-search, and support associated facilities, to dis-cover, explore, and understand all forms of nu-clear matter. (b) I
SOTOPE DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCTION  
FOR RESEARCH APPLICATIONS .—The Director shall carry out a program for the production of isotopes, including the development of tech-niques to produce isotopes, that the Secretary determines are needed for research, medical, in-dustrial, or other purposes. In making this de-termination, the Secretary shall— (1) ensure that, as has been the policy of the United States since the publication in 1965 of Federal Register notice 30 Fed. Reg. 3247, iso-tope production activities do not compete with private industry unless critical national inter-ests necessitate the Federal Government’s in-volvement; (2) ensure that activities undertaken pursuant to this section, to the extent practicable, pro-mote the growth of a robust domestic isotope production industry; and (3) consider any relevant recommendations made by Federal advisory committees, the Na-tional Academies, and interagency working groups in which the Department participates. 
SEC. 508. SCIENCE LABORATORIES INFRASTRUC-TURE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a program to improve the safety, efficiency, and mission readiness of infrastructure at Office of Science laboratories. The program shall include projects to— (1) renovate or replace space that does not meet research needs; (2) replace facilities that are no longer cost ef-fective to renovate or operate; (3) modernize utility systems to prevent fail-ures and ensure efficiency; (4) remove excess facilities to allow safe and efficient operations; and (5) construct modern facilities to conduct ad-vanced research in controlled environmental conditions. (b) A
PPROACH .—In carrying out this section, the Director shall utilize all available ap-proaches and mechanisms, including capital line items, minor construction projects, energy sav-ings performance contracts, utility energy serv-ice contracts, alternative financing, and expense funding, as appropriate. 
SEC. 509. DOMESTIC MANUFACTURING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the current ability of do-mestic manufacturers to meet the procurement requirements for major ongoing projects funded by the Office of Science of the Department, in-cluding a calculation of the percentage of equip-ment acquired from domestic manufacturers for this purpose. SEC. 510. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016.—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Of-fice of Science for fiscal year 2016 $5,339,800,000, of which— (1) $1,850,000,000 shall be for Basic Energy Science; (2) $788,000,000 shall be for High Energy Phys-ics; (3) $550,000,000 shall be for Biological and En-vironmental Research; (4) $624,700,000 shall be for Nuclear Physics; (5) $621,000,000 shall be for Advanced Sci-entific Computing Research; (6) $488,000,000 shall be for Fusion Energy Sciences; (7) $113,600,000 shall be for Science Labora-tories Infrastructure; (8) $181,000,000 shall be for Science Program Direction; (9) $103,000,000 shall be for Safeguards and Security; and (10) $20,500,000 shall be for Workforce Devel-opment for Teachers and Scientists. (b) F
ISCAL YEAR2017.—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Of-fice of Science for fiscal year 2017 $5,339,800,000, of which— (1) $1,850,000,000 shall be for Basic Energy Science; (2) $788,000,000 shall be for High Energy Phys-ics; (3) $550,000,000 shall be for Biological and En-vironmental Research; (4) $624,700,000 shall be for Nuclear Physics; (5) $621,000,000 shall be for Advanced Sci-entific Computing Research; (6) $488,000,000 shall be for Fusion Energy Sciences; (7) $113,600,000 shall be for Science Labora-tories Infrastructure; (8) $181,000,000 shall be for Science Program Direction; (9) $103,000,000 shall be for Safeguards and Security; and (10) $20,500,000 shall be for Workforce Devel-opment for Teachers and Scientists. 
SEC. 511. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Depart-ment of Energy; (2) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Science of the Department; and (3) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. TITLE VI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY APPLIED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Subtitle A—Crosscutting Research and Development 
SEC. 601. CROSSCUTTING RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT. 
(a) C ROSSCUTTING RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary for Science and Energy, utilize the ca-pabilities of the Department to identify strategic opportunities for collaborative research, devel-opment, demonstration, and commercial applica-tion of innovative science and technologies for— (1) advancing the understanding of the en-ergy-water-land use nexus; (2) modernizing the electric grid by improving energy transmission and distribution systems se-curity and resiliency; (3) utilizing supercritical carbon dioxide in electric power generation; (4) subsurface technology and engineering; (5) high performance computing; (6) cybersecurity; and (7) critical challenges identified through com-prehensive energy studies, evaluations, and re-views. (b) CROSSCUTTING APPROACHES .—To the max-imum extent practicable, the Secretary shall seek to leverage existing programs, and consoli-date and coordinate activities, throughout the Department to promote collaboration and cross-cutting approaches within programs. (c) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—The Secretary shall— (1) prioritize activities that promote the utili-zation of all affordable domestic resources; (2) develop a rigorous and realistic planning, evaluation, and technical assessment framework for setting objective, long-term strategic goals and evaluating progress that ensures the integ-rity and independence to insulate planning from political influence and the flexibility to adapt to market dynamics; (3) ensure that activities shall be undertaken in a manner that does not duplicate other ac-tivities within the Department or other Federal Government activities; and (4) identify programs that may be more effec-tively left to the States, industry, nongovern-mental organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, or other stakeholders. 
SEC. 602. STRATEGIC RESEARCH PORTFOLIO ANALYSIS AND COORDINATION PLAN. 
Section 994 of Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16358) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 994. STRATEGIC RESEARCH PORTFOLIO ANALYSIS AND COORDINATION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall peri-odically review all of the science and technology activities of the Department in a strategic framework that takes into account the frontiers of science to which the Department can con-tribute, the national needs relevant to the De-partment’s statutory missions, and global energy dynamics. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION ANALYSIS AND PLAN.—As part of the review under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall develop a plan to improve coordina-tion and collaboration in research, development, demonstration, and commercial application ac-tivities across Department organizational boundaries. ‘‘(c) P
LAN CONTENTS .—The plan shall de-scribe— ‘‘(1) crosscutting scientific and technical issues and research questions that span more than one program or major office of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(2) how the applied technology programs of the Department are coordinating their activities, and addressing those questions; ‘‘(3) ways in which the technical interchange within the Department, particularly between the Office of Science and the applied technology programs, can be enhanced, including limited ways in which the research agendas of the Of-fice of Science and the applied programs can better interact and assist each other; ‘‘(4) a description of how the Secretary will ensure that the Department’s overall research agenda include, in addition to fundamental, cu-riosity-driven research, fundamental research related to topics of concern to the applied pro-grams, and applications in Departmental tech-nology programs of research results generated by fundamental, curiosity-driven research; ‘‘(5) critical assessments of any ongoing pro-grams that have experienced sub-par perform-ance or cost over-runs of 10 percent or more over 1 or more years; ‘‘(6) activities that may be more effectively left to the States, industry, nongovernmental orga-nizations, institutions of higher education, or other stakeholders; and ‘‘(7) detailed proposals for innovation hubs, institutes, and research centers prior to estab-lishment or renewal by the Department, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) certification that all hubs, institutes, and research centers will advance the mission of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3191 May 25, 2016 
the Department, and prioritize research, devel-opment, and demonstration; ‘‘(B) certification that the establishment or re-newal of hubs, institutes, or research centers will not diminish funds available for basic re-search and development within the Office of Science; and ‘‘(C) certification that all hubs, institutes, and research centers established or renewed within the Office of Science are consistent with the mis-sion of the Office of Science as described in sec-tion 209(c) of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7139(c)). ‘‘(d) P
LAN TRANSMITTAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate the results of the review under subsection (a) and the coordination plan under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 603. STRATEGY FOR FACILITIES AND INFRA-STRUCTURE. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 993 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16357) is amended— (1) by amending the section heading to read as follows: ‘‘STRATEGY FOR FACILITIES AND INFRASTRUCTURE’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘2008’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The item relating to section 993 in the table of con-tents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 993. Strategy for facilities and infrastruc-ture.’’. 
SEC. 604. ENERGY INNOVATION HUBS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall carry out a program to enhance the Na-tion’s economic, environmental, and energy se-curity by making awards to consortia for estab-lishing and operating Energy Innovation Hubs to conduct and support, whenever practicable at one centralized location, multidisciplinary, col-laborative research, development, and dem-onstration of advanced energy technologies. (2) T
ECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT FOCUS .—The Secretary shall designate for each Hub a unique advanced energy technology focus. (3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall en-sure the coordination of, and avoid unnecessary duplication of, the activities of Hubs with those of other Department of Energy research entities, including the National Laboratories, the Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, En-ergy Frontier Research Centers, and within in-dustry. (b) C
ONSORTIA .— (1) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive an award under this section for the establishment and operation of a Hub, a consortium shall— (A) be composed of no fewer than two quali-fying entities; and (B) operate subject to an agreement entered into by its members that documents— (i) the proposed partnership agreement, in-cluding the governance and management struc-ture of the Hub; (ii) measures to enable cost-effective imple-mentation of the program under this section; (iii) a proposed budget, including financial contributions from non-Federal sources; (iv) a plan for managing intellectual property rights; and (v) an accounting structure that enables the Secretary to ensure that the consortium has complied with the requirements of this section. (2) A
PPLICATION .—A consortium seeking to es-tablish and operate a Hub under this section, acting through a prime applicant, shall transmit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and accompanied by such informa-tion as the Secretary shall require, including a detailed description of the elements of the con-sortium agreement required under paragraph (1)(B). If the consortium members will not be lo-cated at one centralized location, such applica-tion shall include a communications plan that ensures close coordination and integration of the Hub’s activities. (c) SELECTION AND SCHEDULE .—The Secretary shall select consortia for awards for the estab-lishment and operation of Hubs through com-petitive selection processes. In selecting con-sortia, the Secretary shall consider the informa-tion a consortium must disclose according to subsection (b), as well as any existing facilities a consortium will provide for Hub activities. Awards made to a Hub shall be for a period not to exceed 5 years, subject to the availability of appropriations, after which the award may be renewed, subject to a rigorous merit review. A Hub already in existence on the date of enact-ment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 5 years, subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, beginning on the date of establishment of that Hub. (d) H
UBOPERATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Hub shall conduct or provide for multidisciplinary, collaborative re-search, development, and demonstration of ad-vanced energy technologies within the tech-nology development focus designated under sub-section (a)(2). Each Hub shall— (A) encourage collaboration and communica-tion among the member qualifying entities of the consortium and awardees by conducting activi-ties whenever practicable at one centralized lo-cation; (B) develop and publish on the Department of Energy’s website proposed plans and programs; (C) submit an annual report to the Secretary summarizing the Hub’s activities, including de-tailing organizational expenditures, and de-scribing each project undertaken by the Hub; and (D) monitor project implementation and co-ordination. (2) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— (A) P
ROCEDURES .—Hubs shall maintain con-flict of interest procedures, consistent with those of the Department of Energy, to ensure that em-ployees and consortia designees for Hub activi-ties who are in decisionmaking capacities dis-close all material conflicts of interest, and avoid such conflicts. (B) D
ISQUALIFICATION AND REVOCATION .—The Secretary may disqualify an application or re-voke funds distributed to a Hub if the Secretary discovers a failure to comply with conflict of in-terest procedures established under subpara-graph (A). (3) P
ROHIBITION ON CONSTRUCTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—No funds provided pursuant to this section may be used for construction of new buildings or facilities for Hubs. Construc-tion of new buildings or facilities shall not be considered as part of the non-Federal share of a Hub cost-sharing agreement. (B) T
EST BED AND RENOVATION EXCEPTION .— Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit the use of funds provided pursuant to this section, or non-Federal cost share funds, for research or for the construction of a test bed or renovations to existing buildings or facilities for the purposes of research if the Secretary determines that the test bed or renovations are limited to a scope and scale necessary for the research to be con-ducted. (e) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the exist-ing authorities of the Department, the Secretary may terminate an underperforming Hub for cause during the performance period. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: (1) A
DVANCED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘advanced energy technology’’ means— (A) an innovative technology— (i) that produces energy from solar, wind, geo-thermal, biomass, tidal, wave, ocean, or other renewable energy resources; (ii) that produces nuclear energy; (iii) for carbon capture and sequestration; (iv) that enables advanced vehicles, vehicle components, and related technologies that result in significant energy savings; (v) that generates, transmits, distributes, uti-lizes, or stores energy more efficiently than con-ventional technologies, including through Smart Grid technologies; or (vi) that enhances the energy independence and security of the United States by enabling improved or expanded supply and production of domestic energy resources, including coal, oil, and natural gas; (B) research, development, and demonstration activities necessary to ensure the long-term, se-cure, and sustainable supply of energy critical elements; or (C) another innovative energy technology area identified by the Secretary. (2) HUB.—The term ‘‘Hub’’ means an Energy Innovation Hub established or operating in ac-cordance with this section, including any En-ergy Innovation Hub existing as of the date of enactment of this Act. (3) Q
UALIFYING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘qualifying entity’’ means— (A) an institution of higher education; (B) an appropriate State or Federal entity, in-cluding the Department of Energy Federally Funded Research and Development Centers; (C) a nongovernmental organization with ex-pertise in advanced energy technology research, development, demonstration, or commercial ap-plication; or (D) any other relevant entity the Secretary considers appropriate. Subtitle B—Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability Research and Development 
SEC. 611. DISTRIBUTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC ENERGY SYSTEMS. 
Section 921 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16211) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 921. DISTRIBUTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC ENERGY SYSTEMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out programs of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application on dis-tributed energy resources and systems reliability and efficiency, to improve the reliability and ef-ficiency of distributed energy resources and sys-tems, integrating advanced energy technologies with grid connectivity, including activities de-scribed in this subtitle. The programs shall ad-dress advanced energy technologies and systems and advanced grid security, resiliency, and reli-ability technologies. ‘‘(b) O
BJECTIVES .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall seek to— ‘‘(1) leverage existing programs; ‘‘(2) consolidate and coordinate activities throughout the Department to promote collabo-ration and crosscutting approaches; ‘‘(3) ensure activities are undertaken in a manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Govern-ment activities; and ‘‘(4) identify programs that may be more effec-tively left to the States, industry, nongovern-mental organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, or other stakeholders.’’. 
SEC. 612. ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION AND DIS-TRIBUTION RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 925 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16215) is amended— (1) by amending the section heading to read as follows: ‘‘ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT’’; (2) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM .—The Secretary shall establish a comprehensive research, development, and demonstration program to ensure the reliability, efficiency, and environmental integrity of elec-trical transmission and distribution systems, which shall include innovations for— ‘‘(1) advanced energy delivery technologies, energy storage technologies, materials, and sys-tems; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3192 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(2) advanced grid reliability and efficiency technology development; ‘‘(3) technologies contributing to significant load reductions; ‘‘(4) advanced metering, load management, and control technologies; ‘‘(5) technologies to enhance existing grid components; ‘‘(6) the development and use of high-tempera-ture superconductors to— ‘‘(A) enhance the reliability, operational flexi-bility, or power-carrying capability of electric transmission or distribution systems; or ‘‘(B) increase the efficiency of electric energy generation, transmission, distribution, or stor-age systems; ‘‘(7) integration of power systems, including systems to deliver high-quality electric power, electric power reliability, and combined heat and power; ‘‘(8) supply of electricity to the power grid by small scale, distributed, and residential-based power generators; ‘‘(9) the development and use of advanced grid design, operation, and planning tools; ‘‘(10) technologies to enhance security for electrical transmission and distributions sys-tems; and ‘‘(11) any other infrastructure technologies, as appropriate.’’; and (3) by amending subsection (c) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSORTIUM .—The Secretary shall con-sider implementing the program under this sec-tion using a consortium of participants from in-dustry, institutions of higher education, and National Laboratories. ‘‘(2) O
BJECTIVES .—To the maximum extent practicable the Secretary shall seek to— ‘‘(A) leverage existing programs; ‘‘(B) consolidate and coordinate activities, throughout the Department to promote collabo-ration and crosscutting approaches; ‘‘(C) ensure activities are undertaken in a manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Govern-ment activities; and ‘‘(D) identify programs that may be more ef-fectively left to the States, industry, nongovern-mental organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, or other stakeholders.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The item relating to section 925 in the table of con-tents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 925. Electric transmission and distribu-tion research and development.’’. Subtitle C—Nuclear Energy Research and Development 
SEC. 621. OBJECTIVES. 
Section 951 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct programs of civilian nuclear energy re-search, development, demonstration, and com-mercial application, including activities de-scribed in this subtitle. Such programs shall take into consideration the following objectives: ‘‘(1) Enhancing nuclear power’s viability as part of the United States energy portfolio. ‘‘(2) Reducing used nuclear fuel and nuclear waste products generated by civilian nuclear en-ergy. ‘‘(3) Supporting technological advances in areas that industry by itself is not likely to un-dertake because of technical and financial un-certainty. ‘‘(4) Providing the technical means to reduce the likelihood of nuclear proliferation. ‘‘(5) Maintaining a cadre of nuclear scientists and engineers. ‘‘(6) Maintaining National Laboratory and university nuclear programs, including their in-frastructure. ‘‘(7) Supporting both individual researchers and multidisciplinary teams of researchers to pioneer new approaches in nuclear energy, science, and technology. ‘‘(8) Developing, planning, constructing, ac-quiring, and operating special equipment and facilities for the use of researchers. ‘‘(9) Supporting technology transfer and other appropriate activities to assist the nuclear en-ergy industry, and other users of nuclear science and engineering, including activities ad-dressing reliability, availability, productivity, component aging, safety, and security of nu-clear power plants. ‘‘(10) Reducing the environmental impact of nuclear energy-related activities. ‘‘(11) Researching and developing technologies and processes to meet Federal and State require-ments and standards for nuclear power sys-tems.’’; (2) by striking subsections (b) through (d); and (3) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (b). SEC. 622. PROGRAM OBJECTIVES STUDY. 
Section 951 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM OBJECTIVES STUDY .—In fur- therance of the program objectives listed in sub-section (a) of this section, the Government Ac-countability Office shall, within 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, transmit to the Congress a report on the results of a study on the scientific and technical merit of major Federal and State requirements and standards, including moratoria, that delay or impede the further development and commercialization of nuclear power, and how the Department can as-sist in overcoming such delays or impediments.’’. 
SEC. 623. NUCLEAR ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PROGRAMS. 
Section 952 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16272) is amended by striking sub-sections (c) through (e) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) R
EACTOR CONCEPTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a program of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application to ad-vance nuclear power systems as well as tech-nologies to sustain currently deployed systems. ‘‘(2) D
ESIGNS AND TECHNOLOGIES .—In con- ducting the program under this subsection, the Secretary shall examine advanced reactor de-signs and nuclear technologies, including those that— ‘‘(A) have higher efficiency, lower cost, and improved safety compared to reactors in oper-ation as of the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015; ‘‘(B) utilize passive safety features; ‘‘(C) minimize proliferation risks; ‘‘(D) substantially reduce production of high- level waste per unit of output; ‘‘(E) increase the life and sustainability of re-actor systems currently deployed; ‘‘(F) use improved instrumentation; ‘‘(G) are capable of producing large-scale quantities of hydrogen or process heat; ‘‘(H) minimize water usage or use alternatives to water as a cooling mechanism; or ‘‘(I) use nuclear energy as part of an inte-grated energy system. ‘‘(3) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—In car- rying out the program under this subsection, the Secretary shall seek opportunities to enhance the progress of the program through inter-national cooperation through such organiza-tions as the Generation IV International Forum or any other international collaboration the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTIONS .—No funds authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities de-scribed in this subsection shall be used to fund the activities authorized under sections 641 through 645.’’. SEC. 624. SMALL MODULAR REACTOR PROGRAM. 
Section 952 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16272) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) S
MALL MODULAR REACTOR PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a small modular reactor program to promote research, development, demonstration, and com-mercial application of small modular reactors, including through cost-shared projects for com-mercial application of reactor systems designs. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall con-sult with and utilize the expertise of the Sec-retary of the Navy in establishing and carrying out such program. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Activities may also include development of advanced computer modeling and simulation tools, by Federal and non-Federal entities, which demonstrate and validate new design capabilities of innovative small modular reactor designs. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this subsection, the term ‘small modular reactor’ means a nuclear reactor meeting generally ac-cepted industry standards— ‘‘(A) with a rated capacity of less than 300 electrical megawatts; ‘‘(B) with respect to which most parts can be factory assembled and shipped as modules to a reactor plant site for assembly; and ‘‘(C) that can be constructed and operated in combination with similar reactors at a single site.’’. 
SEC. 625. FUEL CYCLE RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 953 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16273) is amended— (1) in the section heading by striking ‘‘ AD- VANCED FUEL CYCLE INITIATIVE ’’ and in- serting ‘‘FUEL CYCLE RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT’’; (2) by striking subsection (a); (3) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (d) through (f), respectively; and (4) by inserting before subsection (d), as so re-designated by paragraph (3) of this subsection, the following new subsections: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a fuel cycle research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application program (referred to in this section as the ‘program’) on fuel cycle options that improve uranium re-source utilization, maximize energy generation, minimize nuclear waste creation, improve safe-ty, mitigate risk of proliferation, and improve waste management in support of a national strategy for spent nuclear fuel and the reactor concepts research, development, demonstration, and commercial application program under sec-tion 952(c). ‘‘(b) F
UELCYCLE OPTIONS .—Under this sec-tion the Secretary may consider implementing the following initiatives: ‘‘(1) O
PEN CYCLE .—Developing fuels, includ-ing the use of nonuranium materials and alter-nate claddings, for use in reactors that increase energy generation, improve safety performance and margins, and minimize the amount of nu-clear waste produced in an open fuel cycle. ‘‘(2) R
ECYCLE .—Developing advanced recy-cling technologies, including advanced reactor concepts to improve resource utilization, reduce proliferation risks, and minimize radiotoxicity, decay heat, and mass and volume of nuclear waste to the greatest extent possible. ‘‘(3) A
DVANCED STORAGE METHODS .—Devel- oping advanced storage technologies for both onsite and long-term storage that substantially prolong the effective life of current storage de-vices or that substantially improve upon existing nuclear waste storage technologies and methods, including repositories. ‘‘(4) F
AST TEST REACTOR .—Investigating the potential research benefits of a fast test reactor user facility to conduct experiments on fuels and materials related to fuel forms and fuel cy-cles that will increase fuel utilization, reduce proliferation risks, and reduce nuclear waste products. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3193 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(5) A DVANCED REACTOR INNOVATION .—Devel- oping an advanced reactor innovation testbed where national laboratories, universities, and industry can address advanced reactor design challenges to enable construction and operation of privately funded reactor prototypes to resolve technical uncertainty for United States-based designs for future domestic and international markets. ‘‘(6) O
THER TECHNOLOGIES .—Developing any other technology or initiative that the Secretary determines is likely to advance the objectives of the program. ‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL ADVANCED RECYCLING AND  C
ROSSCUTTING ACTIVITIES .—In addition to and in support of the specific initiatives described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (b), the Secretary may support the following activities: ‘‘(1) Development and testing of integrated process flow sheets for advanced nuclear fuel re-cycling processes. ‘‘(2) Research to characterize the byproducts and waste streams resulting from fuel recycling processes. ‘‘(3) Research and development on reactor concepts or transmutation technologies that im-prove resource utilization or reduce the radiotoxicity of waste streams. ‘‘(4) Research and development on waste treatment processes and separations tech-nologies, advanced waste forms, and quantifica-tion of proliferation risks. ‘‘(5) Identification and evaluation of test and experimental facilities necessary to successfully implement the advanced fuel cycle initiative. ‘‘(6) Advancement of fuel cycle-related mod-eling and simulation capabilities. ‘‘(7) Research to understand the behavior of high-burnup fuels.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-lating to section 953 in the table of contents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 953. Fuel cycle research and develop-ment.’’. 
SEC. 626. NUCLEAR ENERGY ENABLING TECH-NOLOGIES PROGRAM. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subtitle E of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 958. NUCLEAR ENERGY ENABLING TECH-NOLOGIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a program to support the integration of ac-tivities undertaken through the reactor concepts research, development, demonstration, and com-mercial application program under section 952(c) and the fuel cycle research and development program under section 953, and support cross-cutting nuclear energy concepts. Activities com-menced under this section shall be concentrated on broadly applicable research and development focus areas. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—Activities conducted under this section may include research involving— ‘‘(1) advanced reactor materials; ‘‘(2) advanced radiation mitigation methods; ‘‘(3) advanced proliferation and security risk assessment methods; ‘‘(4) advanced sensors and instrumentation; ‘‘(5) high performance computation modeling, including multiphysics, multidimensional mod-eling simulation for nuclear energy systems, and continued development of advanced modeling simulation capabilities through national labora-tory, industry, and university partnerships for operations and safety performance improve-ments of light water reactors for currently de-ployed and near-term reactors and advanced re-actors and for the development of small modular reactors; and ‘‘(6) any crosscutting technology or trans-formative concept aimed at establishing substan-tial and revolutionary enhancements in the per-formance of future nuclear energy systems that the Secretary considers relevant and appro-priate to the purpose of this section. ‘‘(c) REPORT .—The Secretary shall submit, as part of the annual budget submission of the De-partment, a report on the activities of the pro-gram conducted under this section, which shall include a brief evaluation of each activity’s progress.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by adding at the end of the items for subtitle E of title IX the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 958. Nuclear energy enabling tech-nologies.’’. 
SEC. 627. TECHNICAL STANDARDS COLLABORA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall es-tablish a nuclear energy standards committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘technical standards committee’’) to facilitate and support, consistent with the National Technology Trans-fer and Advancement Act of 1995, the develop-ment or revision of technical standards for new and existing nuclear power plants and ad-vanced nuclear technologies. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The technical standards committee shall include representatives from ap-propriate Federal agencies and the private sec-tor, and be open to materially affected organiza-tions involved in the development or application of nuclear energy-related standards. (2) C
O-CHAIRS .—The technical standards com-mittee shall be co-chaired by a representative from the National Institute of Standards and Technology and a representative from a private sector standards organization. (c) D
UTIES .—The technical standards com-mittee shall, in cooperation with appropriate Federal agencies— (1) perform a needs assessment to identify and evaluate the technical standards that are need-ed to support nuclear energy, including those needed to support new and existing nuclear power plants and advanced nuclear tech-nologies, including developing the technical basis for regulatory frameworks for advanced reactors; (2) formulate, coordinate, and recommend pri-orities for the development of new technical standards and the revision of existing technical standards to address the needs identified under paragraph (1); (3) facilitate and support collaboration and cooperation among standards developers to ad-dress the needs and priorities identified under paragraphs (1) and (2); (4) as appropriate, coordinate with other na-tional, regional, or international efforts on nu-clear energy-related technical standards in order to avoid conflict and duplication and to ensure global compatibility; and (5) promote the establishment and mainte-nance of a database of nuclear energy-related technical standards. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To the extent provided for in advance by appro-priations Acts, the Secretary may transfer to the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology not to exceed $1,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016 for the Secretary of Commerce to carry out this section from amounts appro-priated for nuclear energy research and devel-opment within the Nuclear Energy Enabling Technologies account for the Department. 
SEC. 628. AVAILABLE FACILITIES DATABASE. 
The Secretary shall prepare a database of non-Federal user facilities receiving Federal funds that may be used for unclassified nuclear energy research. The Secretary shall make this database accessible on the Department’s website. Subtitle D—Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Research and Development 
SEC. 641. ENERGY EFFICIENCY. 
Section 911 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16191) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 911. ENERGY EFFICIENCY. 
‘‘(a) O BJECTIVES .—The Secretary shall con-duct programs of energy efficiency research, de-velopment, demonstration, and commercial ap-plication, including activities described in this subtitle. Such programs shall prioritize activities that industry by itself is not likely to undertake because of technical challenges or regulatory uncertainty, and take into consideration the fol-lowing objectives: ‘‘(1) Increasing energy efficiency. ‘‘(2) Reducing the cost of energy. ‘‘(3) Reducing the environmental impact of energy-related activities. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAMS .—Programs under this subtitle shall include research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial application of— ‘‘(1) innovative, affordable technologies to im-prove the energy efficiency and environmental performance of vehicles, including weight and drag reduction technologies, technologies, mod-eling, and simulation for increasing vehicle connectivity and automation, and whole-vehicle design optimization; ‘‘(2) cost-effective technologies, for new con-struction and retrofit, to improve the energy ef-ficiency and environmental performance of buildings, using a whole-buildings approach; ‘‘(3) advanced technologies to improve the en-ergy efficiency, environmental performance, and process efficiency of energy-intensive and waste-intensive industries; ‘‘(4) technologies to improve the energy effi-ciency of appliances and mechanical systems for buildings in extreme climates, including cogen-eration, trigeneration, and polygeneration units; ‘‘(5) advanced battery technologies; and ‘‘(6) fuel cell and hydrogen technologies.’’. 
SEC. 642. NEXT GENERATION LIGHTING INITIA-TIVE. 
Section 912 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16192) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
SEC. 643. BUILDING STANDARDS. 
Section 914 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16194) is amended by striking sub-section (c). 
SEC. 644. SECONDARY ELECTRIC VEHICLE BAT-TERY USE PROGRAM. 
Section 915 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16195) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
SEC. 645. NETWORK FOR MANUFACTURING INNO-VATION PROGRAM. 
To the extent provided for in advance by ap-propriations Acts, the Secretary may transfer to the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology up to $150,000,000 for the period encom-passing fiscal years 2015 through 2017 from amounts appropriated for advanced manufac-turing research and development under this sub-title (and the amendments made by this subtitle) for the Secretary of Commerce to carry out the Network for Manufacturing Innovation Pro-gram authorized under section 34 of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
SEC. 646. ADVANCED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER CENTERS. 
Section 917 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16197) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (2)(B); (B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of para-graph (3) and inserting a period; and (C) by striking paragraph (4); (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (1); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (1) through (4), respectively; and (C) by striking paragraph (6); (3) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(g) P
ROHIBITION .—None of the funds award-ed under this section may be used for the con-struction of facilities or the deployment of com-mercially available technologies.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3194 May 25, 2016 
(4) by striking subsection (i). 
SEC. 647. RENEWABLE ENERGY. 
Section 931 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16231) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 931. RENEWABLE ENERGY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) O
BJECTIVES .—The Secretary shall con-duct programs of renewable energy research, de-velopment, demonstration, and commercial ap-plication, including activities described in this subtitle. Such programs shall prioritize dis-covery research and development and take into consideration the following objectives: ‘‘(A) Increasing the conversion efficiency of all forms of renewable energy through improved technologies. ‘‘(B) Decreasing the cost of renewable energy generation and delivery. ‘‘(C) Promoting the diversity of the energy supply. ‘‘(D) Decreasing the dependence of the United States on foreign mineral resources. ‘‘(E) Decreasing the environmental impact of renewable energy-related activities. ‘‘(F) Increasing the export of renewable gen-eration technologies from the United States. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAMS .— ‘‘(A) S
OLAR ENERGY .—The Secretary shall conduct a program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for solar energy, including innovations in— ‘‘(i) photovoltaics; ‘‘(ii) solar heating; ‘‘(iii) concentrating solar power; ‘‘(iv) lighting systems that integrate sunlight and electrical lighting in complement to each other; and ‘‘(v) development of technologies that can be easily integrated into new and existing build-ings. ‘‘(B) W
IND ENERGY .—The Secretary shall con-duct a program of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application for wind energy, including innovations in— ‘‘(i) low speed wind energy; ‘‘(ii) testing and verification technologies; ‘‘(iii) distributed wind energy generation; and ‘‘(iv) transformational technologies for har-nessing wind energy. ‘‘(C) G
EOTHERMAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a program of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application for geo-thermal energy, including technologies for— ‘‘(i) improving detection of geothermal re-sources; ‘‘(ii) decreasing drilling costs; ‘‘(iii) decreasing maintenance costs through improved materials; ‘‘(iv) increasing the potential for other rev-enue sources, such as mineral production; and ‘‘(v) increasing the understanding of reservoir life cycle and management. ‘‘(D) H
YDROPOWER .—The Secretary shall con-duct a program of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application for tech-nologies that enable the development of new and incremental hydropower capacity, includ-ing: ‘‘(i) Advanced technologies to enhance envi-ronmental performance and yield greater energy efficiencies. ‘‘(ii) Ocean energy, including wave energy. ‘‘(E) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROJECTS .—The Sec- retary shall conduct research, development, demonstration, and commercial application pro-grams for— ‘‘(i) the combined use of renewable energy technologies with one another and with other energy technologies, including the combined use of renewable power and fossil technologies; ‘‘(ii) renewable energy technologies for cogen-eration of hydrogen and electricity; and ‘‘(iii) kinetic hydro turbines. ‘‘(b) R
URAL DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall give priority to demonstrations that assist in delivering electricity to rural and remote lo-cations including— ‘‘(1) advanced renewable power technology, including combined use with fossil technologies; ‘‘(2) biomass; and ‘‘(3) geothermal energy systems. ‘‘(c) ANALYSIS AND EVALUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct analysis and evaluation in support of the renewable energy programs under this subtitle. These activities shall be used to guide budget and program decisions, and shall include— ‘‘(A) economic and technical analysis of re-newable energy potential, including resource as-sessment; ‘‘(B) analysis of past program performance, both in terms of technical advances and in mar-ket introduction of renewable energy; ‘‘(C) assessment of domestic and international market drivers, including the impacts of any Federal, State, or local grants, loans, loan guar-antees, tax incentives, statutory or regulatory requirements, or other government initiatives; and ‘‘(D) any other analysis or evaluation that the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(2) F
UNDING .—The Secretary may designate up to 1 percent of the funds appropriated for carrying out this subtitle for analysis and eval-uation activities under this subsection. ‘‘(3) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—This analysis and evaluation shall be submitted to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate at least 30 days before each annual budget request is submitted to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 648. BIOENERGY PROGRAM. 
Section 932 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16232) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 932. BIOENERGY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM .—The Secretary shall conduct a program of research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial application for bioenergy, including innovations in— ‘‘(1) biopower energy systems; ‘‘(2) biofuels; ‘‘(3) bioproducts; ‘‘(4) integrated biorefineries that may produce biopower, biofuels, and bioproducts; and ‘‘(5) crosscutting research and development in feedstocks. ‘‘(b) B
IOFUELS AND BIOPRODUCTS .—The goals of the biofuels and bioproducts programs shall be to develop, in partnership with industry and institutions of higher education— ‘‘(1) advanced biochemical and thermochemical conversion technologies capable of making fuels from lignocellulosic feedstocks that are price-competitive with fossil-based fuels and fully compatible with either internal com-bustion engines or fuel cell-powered vehicles; ‘‘(2) advanced conversion of biomass to biofuels and bioproducts as part of integrated biorefineries based on either biochemical proc-esses, thermochemical processes, or hybrids of these processes; and ‘‘(3) other advanced processes that will enable the development of cost-effective bioproducts, including biofuels. ‘‘(c) R
ETROFIT TECHNOLOGIES FOR THE DEVEL-
OPMENT OF ETHANOL FROM CELLULOSIC MATE-
RIALS .—The Secretary shall establish a program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for technologies and processes to enable biorefineries that exclusively use corn grain or corn starch as a feedstock to produce ethanol to be retrofitted to accept a range of biomass, including lignocellulosic feed-stocks. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS .—None of the funds author-ized for carrying out this section may be used to fund commercial biofuels production for defense purposes. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) B
IOMASS .—The term ‘biomass’ means— ‘‘(A) any organic material grown for the pur-pose of being converted to energy; ‘‘(B) any organic byproduct of agriculture (in-cluding wastes from food production and proc-essing) that can be converted into energy; or ‘‘(C) any waste material that can be converted to energy, is segregated from other waste mate-rials, and is derived from— ‘‘(i) any of the following forest-related re-sources: mill residues, precommercial thinnings, slash, brush, or otherwise nonmerchantable ma-terial; ‘‘(ii) wood waste materials, including waste pallets, crates, dunnage, manufacturing and construction wood wastes (other than pressure- treated, chemically treated, or painted wood wastes), and landscape or right-of-way tree trimmings, but not including municipal solid waste, gas derived from the biodegradation of municipal solid waste, or paper that is com-monly recycled; or ‘‘(iii) solids derived from waste water treat-ment processes. ‘‘(2) LIGNOCELLULOSIC FEEDSTOCK .—The term ‘lignocellulosic feedstock’ means any portion of a plant or coproduct from conversion, including crops, trees, forest residues, grasses, and agri-cultural residues not specifically grown for food, including from barley grain, grapeseed, rice bran, rice hulls, rice straw, soybean matter, cornstover, and sugarcane bagasse.’’. 
SEC. 649. CONCENTRATING SOLAR POWER RE-SEARCH PROGRAM. 
Section 934 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16234) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
SEC. 650. RENEWABLE ENERGY IN PUBLIC BUILD-INGS. 
Section 935 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16235) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. Subtitle E—Fossil Energy Research and Development 
SEC. 661. FOSSIL ENERGY. 
Section 961 of Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16291) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 961. FOSSIL ENERGY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out research, development, demonstration, and commercial application programs in fossil en-ergy, including activities under this subtitle, with the goal of improving the efficiency, effec-tiveness, and environmental performance of fos-sil energy production, upgrading, conversion, and consumption. Such programs shall take into consideration the following objectives: ‘‘(1) Increasing the energy conversion effi-ciency of all forms of fossil energy through im-proved technologies. ‘‘(2) Decreasing the cost of all fossil energy production, generation, and delivery. ‘‘(3) Promoting diversity of energy supply. ‘‘(4) Decreasing the dependence of the United States on foreign energy supplies. ‘‘(5) Decreasing the environmental impact of energy-related activities. ‘‘(6) Increasing the export of fossil energy-re-lated equipment, technology, and services from the United States. ‘‘(b) O
BJECTIVES .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall seek to— ‘‘(1) leverage existing programs; ‘‘(2) consolidate and coordinate activities throughout the Department to promote collabo-ration and crosscutting approaches; ‘‘(3) ensure activities are undertaken in a manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Govern-ment activities; and ‘‘(4) identify programs that may be more effec-tively left to the States, industry, nongovern-mental organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, or other stakeholders. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) U
SES.—None of the funds authorized for carrying out this section may be used for Fossil Energy Environmental Restoration. ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—Not less than 20 percent of the funds appropriated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3195 May 25, 2016 
for carrying out section 964 of this Act for each fiscal year shall be dedicated to research and development carried out at institutions of higher education. ‘‘(3) U
SE FOR REGULATORY ASSESSMENTS OR  
DETERMINATIONS .—The results of any research, development, demonstration, or commercial ap-plication projects or activities of the Department authorized under this subtitle may not be used for regulatory assessments or determinations by Federal regulatory authorities. ‘‘(d) A
SSESSMENTS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSTRAINTS AGAINST BRINGING RE -
SOURCES TO MARKET .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress an assess-ment of the technical, institutional, policy, and regulatory constraints to bringing new domestic fossil resources to market. ‘‘(2) T
ECHNOLOGY CAPABILITIES .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a long-term assessment of existing and projected technological capabilities for expanded produc-tion from domestic unconventional oil, gas, and methane reserves.’’. 
SEC. 662. COAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, DEM-ONSTRATION, AND COMMERCIAL AP-PLICATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 962 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16292) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) specific additional programs to address water use and reuse; ‘‘(13) the testing, including the construction of testing facilities, of high temperature materials for use in advanced systems for combustion or use of coal; and ‘‘(14) innovations to application of existing coal conversion systems designed to increase ef-ficiency of conversion, flexibility of operation, and other modifications to address existing usage requirements.’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (c) through (e), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) T
RANSFORMATIONAL COAL TECHNOLOGY  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the program es-tablished under subsection (a), the Secretary may carry out a program designed to undertake research, development, demonstration, and com-mercial application of technologies, including the accelerated development of— ‘‘(A) chemical looping technology; ‘‘(B) supercritical carbon dioxide power gen-eration cycles; ‘‘(C) pressurized oxycombustion, including new and retrofit technologies; and ‘‘(D) other technologies that are characterized by the use of— ‘‘(i) alternative energy cycles; ‘‘(ii) thermionic devices using waste heat; ‘‘(iii) fuel cells; ‘‘(iv) replacement of chemical processes with biotechnology; ‘‘(v) nanotechnology; ‘‘(vi) new materials in applications (other than extending cycles to higher temperature and pressure), such as membranes or ceramics; ‘‘(vii) carbon utilization, such as in construc-tion materials, using low quality energy to re-convert back to a fuel, or manufactured food; ‘‘(viii) advanced gas separation concepts; and ‘‘(ix) other technologies, including— ‘‘(I) modular, manufactured components; and ‘‘(II) innovative production or research tech-niques, such as using 3–D printer systems, for the production of early research and develop-ment prototypes. ‘‘(2) COST SHARE .—In carrying out the pro-gram described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall enter into partnerships with private enti-ties to share the costs of carrying out the pro-gram. The Secretary may reduce the non-Fed-eral cost share requirement if the Secretary de-termines that the reduction is necessary and ap-propriate considering the technological risks in-volved in the project.’’; and (4) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out programs authorized by this section, the Secretary shall identify cost and performance goals for coal- based technologies that would permit the con-tinued cost-competitive use of coal for the pro-duction of electricity, chemical feedstocks, transportation fuels, and other marketable products.’’. (b) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE ; AUTHORIZATION OF  A
PPROPRIATIONS .—Section 963 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16293) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (6) of subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall establish an advisory committee to undertake, not less frequently than once every 3 years, a review and prepare a re-port on the progress being made by the Depart-ment of Energy to achieve the goals described in subsections (a) and (b) of section 962 and sub-section (b) of this section. ‘‘(B) M
EMBERSHIP REQUIREMENTS .—Members of the advisory committee established under sub-paragraph (A) shall be appointed by the Sec-retary, except that three members shall be ap-pointed by the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives and two members shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate. The total number of members of the advisory committee shall be 15.’’; and (2) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) S
TUDY OF CARBON DIOXIDE PIPELINES .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the America COMPETES Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress the results of a study to assess the cost and feasibility of engineering, permitting, build-ing, maintaining, regulating, and insuring a na-tional system of carbon dioxide pipelines.’’. 
SEC. 663. HIGH EFFICIENCY GAS TURBINES RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, through the Office of Fossil Energy, shall carry out a multiyear, multiphase program of research, de-velopment, demonstration, and commercial ap-plication to innovate technologies to maximize the efficiency of gas turbines used in power gen-eration systems. (b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—The program under this section shall— (1) support innovative engineering and de-tailed gas turbine design for megawatt-scale and utility-scale electric power generation, includ-ing— (A) high temperature materials, including superalloys, coatings, and ceramics; (B) improved heat transfer capability; (C) manufacturing technology required to construct complex three-dimensional geometry parts with improved aerodynamic capability; (D) combustion technology to produce higher firing temperature while lowering nitrogen oxide and carbon monoxide emissions per unit of out-put; (E) advanced controls and systems integra-tion; (F) advanced high performance compressor technology; and (G) validation facilities for the testing of com-ponents and subsystems; (2) include technology demonstration through component testing, subscale testing, and full scale testing in existing fleets; (3) include field demonstrations of the devel-oped technology elements so as to demonstrate technical and economic feasibility; and (4) assess overall combined cycle and simple cycle system performance. (c) PROGRAM GOALS.—The goals of the multi-phase program established under subsection (a) shall be— (1) in phase I— (A) to develop the conceptual design of ad-vanced high efficiency gas turbines that can achieve at least 62 percent combined cycle effi-ciency or 47 percent simple cycle efficiency on a lower heating value basis; and (B) to develop and demonstrate the technology required for advanced high efficiency gas tur-bines that can achieve at least 62 percent com-bined cycle efficiency or 47 percent simple cycle efficiency on a lower heating value basis; and (2) in phase II, to develop the conceptual de-sign for advanced high efficiency gas turbines that can achieve at least 65 percent combined cycle efficiency or 50 percent simple cycle effi-ciency on a lower heating value basis. (d) P
ROPOSALS .—Within 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall solicit grant and contract proposals from industry, small businesses, universities, and other appropriate parties for conducting activi-ties under this section. In selecting proposals, the Secretary shall emphasize— (1) the extent to which the proposal will stim-ulate the creation or increased retention of jobs in the United States; and (2) the extent to which the proposal will pro-mote and enhance United States technology leadership. (e) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS .—The provision of funding under this section shall be on a com-petitive basis with an emphasis on technical merit. (f) C
OSTSHARING .—Section 988 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352) shall apply to an award of financial assistance made under this section. Subtitle F—Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy 
SEC. 671. ARPA–E AMENDMENTS. 
Section 5012 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16538) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) of subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The goals of ARPA–E shall be to enhance the economic and energy security of the United States and to ensure that the United States maintains a technological lead through the development of advanced energy technologies.’’; (2) in subsection (i)(1), by inserting ‘‘ARPA–E shall not provide funding for a project unless the prospective grantee demonstrates sufficient attempts to secure private financing or indicates that the project is not independently commer-cially viable.’’ after ‘‘relevant research agen-cies.’’; (3) in subsection (l)(1), by inserting ‘‘and once every 6 years thereafter,’’ after ‘‘operation for 6 years,’’; and (4) by redesignating subsection (n) as sub-section (o) and inserting after subsection (m) the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The following categories of information collected by the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy from recipients of fi-nancial assistance awards shall be considered privileged and confidential and not subject to disclosure pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code: ‘‘(A) Plans for commercialization of tech-nologies developed under the award, including business plans, technology to market plans, market studies, and cost and performance mod-els. ‘‘(B) Investments provided to an awardee from third parties, such as venture capital, hedge fund, or private equity firms, including amounts and percentage of ownership of the awardee provided in return for such investments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3196 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(C) Additional financial support that the awardee plans to invest or has invested into the technology developed under the award, or that the awardee is seeking from third parties. ‘‘(D) Revenue from the licensing or sale of new products or services resulting from the re-search conducted under the award. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection affects— ‘‘(A) the authority of the Secretary to use in-formation without publicly disclosing such in-formation; or ‘‘(B) the responsibility of the Secretary to transmit information to Congress as required by law.’’. Subtitle G—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 681. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) E LECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY RELI-
ABILITY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Sec-retary for research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for electrical deliv-ery and energy reliability technology activities within the Office of Electricity $113,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. (b) N
UCLEAR ENERGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for research, de-velopment, demonstration, and commercial ap-plication for nuclear energy technology activi-ties within the Office of Nuclear Energy $504,600,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. (2) L
IMITATION .—Any amounts made available pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under paragraph (1) shall not be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund established under sec-tion 302(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(c)). (c) E
NERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE EN-
ERGY.—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application for en-ergy efficiency and renewable energy tech-nology activities within the Office of Energy Ef-ficiency and Renewable Energy $1,193,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. (d) F
OSSIL ENERGY .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for fossil energy technology activi-ties within the Office of Fossil Energy $605,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. (e) ARPA–E.—There are authorized to be ap-propriated to the Secretary for the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy $140,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. Subtitle H—Definitions 
SEC. 691. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Depart-ment of Energy; and (2) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. TITLE VII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER Subtitle A—In General 
SEC. 701. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Energy. (2) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Laboratory’’ means a Department of En-ergy nonmilitary national laboratory, includ-ing— (A) Ames Laboratory; (B) Argonne National Laboratory; (C) Brookhaven National Laboratory; (D) Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory; (E) Idaho National Laboratory; (F) Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory; (G) National Energy Technology Laboratory; (H) National Renewable Energy Laboratory; (I) Oak Ridge National Laboratory; (J) Pacific Northwest National Laboratory; (K) Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory; (L) Savannah River National Laboratory; (M) Stanford Linear Accelerator Center; (N) Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility; and (O) any laboratory operated by the National Nuclear Security Administration, but only with respect to the civilian energy activities thereof. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. 
SEC. 702. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this title or an amendment made by this title abrogates or otherwise affects the primary responsibilities of any National Labora-tory to the Department. Subtitle B—Innovation Management at Department of Energy 
SEC. 712. TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AND TRANSI-TIONS ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report which shall include— (1) an assessment of the Department’s current ability to carry out the goals of section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391), including an assessment of the role and effec-tiveness of the Director of the Office of Tech-nology Transitions; and (2) recommended departmental policy changes and legislative changes to section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) to improve the Department’s ability to successfully transfer new energy technologies to the private sector. 
SEC. 713. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the Sec-retary should encourage the National Labora-tories and federally funded research and devel-opment centers to inform small businesses of the opportunities and resources that exist pursuant to this title. 
SEC. 714. NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the National Laboratories, relevant Federal agencies, and other stakeholders, shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate a report assessing the De-partment’s capabilities to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and non-light water reactor prototypes and related demonstra-tion facilities at Department-owned sites. For purposes of this report, the Secretary shall con-sider the Department’s capabilities to facilitate privately-funded prototypes up to 20 megawatts thermal output. The report shall address the fol-lowing: (1) The Department’s safety review and over-sight capabilities. (2) Potential sites capable of hosting research, development, and demonstration of prototype reactors and related facilities for the purpose of reducing technical risk. (3) The Department’s and National Labora-tories’ existing physical and technical capabili-ties relevant to research, development, and over-sight. (4) The efficacy of the Department’s available contractual mechanisms, including cooperative research and development agreements, work for others agreements, and agreements for commer-cializing technology. (5) Potential cost structures related to phys-ical security, decommissioning, liability, and other long-term project costs. (6) Other challenges or considerations identi-fied by the Secretary, including issues related to potential cases of demonstration reactors up to 2 gigawatts of thermal output. Subtitle C—Cross-Sector Partnerships and Grant Competitiveness SEC. 721. AGREEMENTS FOR COMMERCIALIZING TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the Agreements for Commercializing Tech-nology pilot program of the Department, as an-nounced by the Secretary on December 8, 2011, in accordance with this section. (b) T
ERMS .—Each agreement entered into pur-suant to the pilot program referred to in sub-section (a) shall provide to the contractor of the applicable National Laboratory, to the max-imum extent determined to be appropriate by the Secretary, increased authority to negotiate con-tract terms, such as intellectual property rights, payment structures, performance guarantees, and multiparty collaborations. (c) E
LIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any director of a National Laboratory may enter into an agreement pursu-ant to the pilot program referred to in sub-section (a). (2) A
GREEMENTS WITH NON -FEDERAL ENTI -
TIES.—To carry out paragraph (1) and subject to paragraph (3), the Secretary shall permit the di-rectors of the National Laboratories to execute agreements with a non-Federal entity, including a non-Federal entity already receiving Federal funding that will be used to support activities under agreements executed pursuant to para-graph (1), provided that such funding is solely used to carry out the purposes of the Federal award. (3) R
ESTRICTION .—The requirements of chap-ter 18 of title 35, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Bayh-Dole Act’’) shall apply if— (A) the agreement is a funding agreement (as that term is defined in section 201 of that title); and (B) at least one of the parties to the funding agreement is eligible to receive rights under that chapter. (d) S
UBMISSION TO SECRETARY .—Each affected director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Secretary, with respect to each agreement entered into under this section— (1) a summary of information relating to the relevant project; (2) the total estimated costs of the project; (3) estimated commencement and completion dates of the project; and (4) other documentation determined to be ap-propriate by the Secretary. (e) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall re-quire the contractor of the affected National Laboratory to certify that each activity carried out under a project for which an agreement is entered into under this section— (1) is not in direct competition with the pri-vate sector; and (2) does not present, or minimizes, any appar-ent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this section. (f) E
XTENSION .—The pilot program referred to in subsection (a) shall be extended until October 31, 2017. (g) R
EPORTS .— (1) O
VERALL ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date described in subsection (f), the Secretary, in coordination with directors of the National Laboratories, shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that— (A) assesses the overall effectiveness of the pilot program referred to in subsection (a); (B) identifies opportunities to improve the ef-fectiveness of the pilot program; (C) assesses the potential for program activi-ties to interfere with the responsibilities of the National Laboratories to the Department; and (D) provides a recommendation regarding the future of the pilot program. (2) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with directors of the National Labora-tories, shall submit to the Committee on Science, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3197 May 25, 2016 
Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate an annual re-port that accounts for all incidences of, and provides a justification for, non-Federal entities using funds derived from a Federal contract or award to carry out agreements pursuant to this section. 
SEC. 722. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS FOR COMMERCIALIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary shall delegate to directors of the National Laboratories signature author-ity with respect to any agreement described in subsection (b) the total cost of which (including the National Laboratory contributions and project recipient cost share) is less than $1 mil-lion. (b) A
GREEMENTS .—Subsection (a) applies to— (1) a cooperative research and development agreement; (2) a non-Federal work-for-others agreement; and (3) any other agreement determined to be ap-propriate by the Secretary, in collaboration with the directors of the National Laboratories. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—The director of the af-fected National Laboratory and the affected contractor shall carry out an agreement under this section in accordance with applicable poli-cies of the Department, including by ensuring that the agreement does not compromise any na-tional security, economic, or environmental in-terest of the United States. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The director of the af-fected National Laboratory and the affected contractor shall certify that each activity car-ried out under a project for which an agreement is entered into under this section does not present, or minimizes, any apparent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this section. (3) A
VAILABILITY OF RECORDS .—On entering an agreement under this section, the director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Sec-retary for monitoring and review all records of the National Laboratory relating to the agree-ment. (4) R
ATES.—The director of a National Lab-oratory may charge higher rates for services per-formed under a partnership agreement entered into pursuant to this section, regardless of the full cost of recovery, if such funds are used ex-clusively to support further research and devel-opment activities at the respective National Lab-oratory. (d) E
XCEPTION .—This section does not apply to any agreement with a majority foreign-owned company. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting the subparagraphs appropriately; (B) by striking ‘‘Each Federal agency’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), each Federal agency’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), in accordance with section 722(a) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, approval by the Secretary of Energy shall not be required for any technology transfer agreement proposed to be entered into by a Na-tional Laboratory of the Department of Energy, the total cost of which (including the National Laboratory contributions and project recipient cost share) is less than $1 million.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)’’. SEC. 723. INCLUSION OF EARLY-STAGE TECH-NOLOGY DEMONSTRATION IN AU-THORIZED TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ACTIVITIES. 
Section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) is amended by— (1) redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (h); and (2) inserting after subsection (f) the following: ‘‘(g) E
ARLY-STAGE TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRA -
TION.—The Secretary shall permit the directors of the National Laboratories to use funds au-thorized to support technology transfer within the Department to carry out early-stage and pre-commercial technology demonstration activi-ties to remove technology barriers that limit pri-vate sector interest and demonstrate potential commercial applications of any research and technologies arising from National Laboratory activities.’’. 
SEC. 724. FUNDING COMPETITIVENESS FOR IN-STITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION AND OTHER NONPROFIT INSTITU-TIONS. 
Section 988(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Except as provided in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FOR INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER  
EDUCATION AND OTHER NONPROFIT INSTITU -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a research or development activity per-formed by an institution of higher education or nonprofit institution (as defined in section 4 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703)). ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The exemption under subparagraph (A) shall apply during the 6-year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 725. PARTICIPATION IN THE INNOVATION CORPS PROGRAM. 
The Secretary may enter into an agreement with the Director of the National Science Foun-dation to enable researchers funded by the De-partment to participate in the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps program. Subtitle D—Assessment of Impact 
SEC. 731. REPORT BY GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT-ABILITY OFFICE. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port— (1) describing the results of the projects devel-oped under sections 721, 722, and 723, including information regarding— (A) partnerships initiated as a result of those projects and the potential linkages presented by those partnerships with respect to national pri-orities and other taxpayer-funded research; and (B) whether the activities carried out under those projects result in— (i) fiscal savings; (ii) expansion of National Laboratory capa-bilities; (iii) increased efficiency of technology trans-fers; or (iv) an increase in general efficiency of the National Laboratory system; and (2) assess the scale, scope, efficacy, and im-pact of the Department’s efforts to promote technology transfer and private sector engage-ment at the National Laboratories, and make recommendations on how the Department can improve these activities. TITLE XXXIII—NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION CAPABILITIES 
SEC. 3301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act’’. 
SEC. 3302. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Section 951 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 951. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
‘‘(a) M ISSION .—The Secretary shall conduct programs of civilian nuclear research, develop-ment, demonstration, and commercial applica-tion, including activities in this subtitle. Such programs shall take into consideration the fol-lowing objectives: ‘‘(1) Providing research infrastructure to pro-mote scientific progress and enable users from academia, the National Laboratories, and the private sector to make scientific discoveries rel-evant for nuclear, chemical, and materials science engineering. ‘‘(2) Maintaining National Laboratory and university nuclear energy research and develop-ment programs, including their infrastructure. ‘‘(3) Providing the technical means to reduce the likelihood of nuclear weapons proliferation and increasing confidence margins for public safety of nuclear energy systems. ‘‘(4) Reducing the environmental impact of nuclear energy related activities. ‘‘(5) Supporting technology transfer from the National Laboratories to the private sector. ‘‘(6) Enabling the private sector to partner with the National Laboratories to demonstrate novel reactor concepts for the purpose of resolv-ing technical uncertainty associated with the aforementioned objectives in this subsection. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) A
DVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR .—The term ‘advanced nuclear reactor’ means— ‘‘(A) a nuclear fission reactor with significant improvements over the most recent generation of nuclear fission reactors, which may include in-herent safety features, lower waste yields, great-er fuel utilization, superior reliability, resistance to proliferation, and increased thermal effi-ciency; or ‘‘(B) a nuclear fusion reactor. ‘‘(2) F
AST NEUTRON .—The term ‘fast neutron’ means a neutron with kinetic energy above 100 kiloelectron volts. ‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘Na-tional Laboratory’ has the meaning given that term in paragraph (3) of section 2, except that with respect to subparagraphs (G), (H), and (N) of such paragraph, for purposes of this subtitle the term includes only the civilian activities thereof. ‘‘(4) N
EUTRON FLUX .—The term ‘neutron flux’ means the intensity of neutron radiation meas-ured as a rate of flow of neutrons applied over an area. ‘‘(5) N
EUTRON SOURCE .—The term ‘neutron source’ means a research machine that provides neutron irradiation services for research on ma-terials sciences and nuclear physics as well as testing of advanced materials, nuclear fuels, and other related components for reactor sys-tems.’’. 
SEC. 3303. NUCLEAR ENERGY RESEARCH PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 952 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16272) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. 
SEC. 3304. ADVANCED FUEL CYCLE INITIATIVE. 
Section 953(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16273(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Office of Nu-clear Energy, Science and Technology,’’. 
SEC. 3305. UNIVERSITY NUCLEAR SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING SUPPORT. 
Section 954(d)(4) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16274(d)(4)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘as part of a taking into consideration ef-fort that emphasizes’’ and inserting ‘‘that em-phasize’’. 
SEC. 3306. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY CIVILIAN NUCLEAR INFRASTRUCTURE AND FACILITIES. 
Section 955 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16275) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (c) and (d); and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3198 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(c) V ERSATILE NEUTRON SOURCE .— ‘‘(1) M
ISSION NEED .—Not later than December 31, 2016, the Secretary shall determine the mis-sion need for a versatile reactor-based fast neu-tron source, which shall operate as a national user facility. During this process, the Secretary shall consult with the private sector, univer-sities, National Laboratories, and relevant Fed-eral agencies to ensure that this user facility will meet the research needs of the largest pos-sible majority of prospective users. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—Upon the determina-tion of mission need made under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, as expeditiously as possible, provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a detailed plan for the establish-ment of the user facility. ‘‘(3) F
ACILITY REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) C
APABILITIES .—The Secretary shall en-sure that this user facility will provide, at a minimum, the following capabilities: ‘‘(i) Fast neutron spectrum irradiation capa-bility. ‘‘(ii) Capacity for upgrades to accommodate new or expanded research needs. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the plan provided under paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall consider the following: ‘‘(i) Capabilities that support experimental high-temperature testing. ‘‘(ii) Providing a source of fast neutrons at a neutron flux, higher than that at which current research facilities operate, sufficient to enable research for an optimal base of prospective users. ‘‘(iii) Maximizing irradiation flexibility and ir-radiation volume to accommodate as many con-current users as possible. ‘‘(iv) Capabilities for irradiation with neu-trons of a lower energy spectrum. ‘‘(v) Multiple loops for fuels and materials testing in different coolants. ‘‘(vi) Additional pre-irradiation and post-irra-diation examination capabilities. ‘‘(vii) Lifetime operating costs and lifecycle costs. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING PROGRESS .—The Department shall, in its annual budget requests, provide an explanation for any delay in its progress and otherwise make every effort to complete con-struction and approve the start of operations for this facility by December 31, 2025. ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall le-verage the best practices for management, con-struction, and operation of national user facili-ties from the Office of Science.’’. 
SEC. 3307. SECURITY OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
Section 956 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16276) is amended by striking ‘‘, act-ing through the Director of the Office of Nu-clear Energy, Science and Technology,’’. 
SEC. 3308. HIGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTATION AND SUPPORTIVE RESEARCH. 
Section 957 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16277) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 957. HIGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTATION AND SUPPORTIVE RESEARCH. 
‘‘(a) M ODELING AND SIMULATION .—The Sec- retary shall carry out a program to enhance the Nation’s capabilities to develop new reactor technologies through high-performance com-putation modeling and simulation techniques. This program shall coordinate with relevant Federal agencies through the National Strategic Computing Initiative created under Executive Order No. 13702 (July 29, 2015) while taking into account the following objectives: ‘‘(1) Utilizing expertise from the private sector, universities, and National Laboratories to de-velop computational software and capabilities that prospective users may access to accelerate research and development of advanced nuclear reactor systems, and reactor systems for space exploration. ‘‘(2) Developing computational tools to simu-late and predict nuclear phenomena that may be validated through physical experimentation. ‘‘(3) Increasing the utility of the Department’s research infrastructure by coordinating with the Advanced Scientific Computing Research pro-gram within the Office of Science. ‘‘(4) Leveraging experience from the Energy Innovation Hub for Modeling and Simulation. ‘‘(5) Ensuring that new experimental and computational tools are accessible to relevant re-search communities. ‘‘(b) SUPPORTIVE RESEARCH ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall consider support for additional research activities to maximize the utility of its research facilities, including physical processes to simulate degradation of materials and behav-ior of fuel forms and for validation of computa-tional tools.’’. 
SEC. 3309. ENABLING NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVA-TION. 
Subtitle E of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 958. ENABLING NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVA-TION. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL REACTOR INNOVATION CEN-
TER.—The Secretary shall carry out a program to enable the testing and demonstration of reac-tor concepts to be proposed and funded by the private sector. The Secretary shall leverage the technical expertise of relevant Federal agencies and National Laboratories in order to minimize the time required to enable construction and op-eration of privately funded experimental reac-tors at National Laboratories or other Depart-ment-owned sites. Such reactors shall operate to meet the following objectives: ‘‘(1) Enabling physical validation of novel re-actor concepts. ‘‘(2) Resolving technical uncertainty and in-creasing practical knowledge relevant to safety, resilience, security, and functionality of first-of- a-kind reactor concepts. ‘‘(3) General research and development to im-prove nascent technologies. ‘‘(b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Laboratories, relevant Federal agencies, and other stakeholders, shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report assessing the Department’s capabilities to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded experimental advanced nuclear reactors as de-scribed under subsection (a). The report shall address the following: ‘‘(1) The Department’s oversight capabilities, including options to leverage expertise from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and National Laboratories. ‘‘(2) Potential sites capable of hosting activi-ties described under subsection (a). ‘‘(3) The efficacy of the Department’s avail-able contractual mechanisms to partner with the private sector and Federal agencies, including cooperative research and development agree-ments, strategic partnership projects, and agree-ments for commercializing technology. ‘‘(4) Potential cost structures related to long- term projects, including physical security, dis-tribution of liability, and other related costs. ‘‘(5) Other challenges or considerations identi-fied by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 3310. BUDGET PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 959. BUDGET PLAN. 
‘‘Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, the Department shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate 2 alternative 10-year budget plans for civilian nuclear energy research and develop-ment by the Department. The first shall assume constant annual funding for 10 years at the ap-propriated level for the Department’s civilian nuclear energy research and development for fiscal year 2016. The second shall be an uncon-strained budget. The two plans shall include— ‘‘(1) a prioritized list of the Department’s pro-grams, projects, and activities to best support the development of advanced nuclear reactor technologies; ‘‘(2) realistic budget requirements for the De-partment to implement sections 955(c), 957, and 958 of this Act; and ‘‘(3) the Department’s justification for con-tinuing or terminating existing civilian nuclear energy research and development programs.’’. (b) REPORT ON FUSION INNOVATION .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary of the Department of Energy shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that will identify engineering designs for inno-vative fusion energy systems that have the po-tential to demonstrate net energy production not later than 15 years after the start of construc-tion. In this report, the Secretary will identify budgetary requirements that would be necessary for the Department to carry out a fusion inno-vation initiative to accelerate research and de-velopment of these designs. 
SEC. 3311. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 957 and inserting the following: ‘‘957. High-performance computation and sup-portive research. ‘‘958. Enabling nuclear energy innovation. ‘‘959. Budget plan.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ), the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
USH), the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), and the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 15 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on S. 2012. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the House amendment to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016. In December of last year, the House passed H.R. 8, the North American En-ergy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, which is a large portion of the language we are considering today. This legislation, together with provi-sions from the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.001 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3199 May 25, 2016 
Science, Space, and Technology, would be the first major piece of energy legis-lation in 8 years, and it addresses many outdated aspects of our Federal energy policy. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), the chairman of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to wish the chairman a happy birthday. It has been nearly a decade since we last considered an energy package like this. In that time, a lot has changed. Continued innovation and discovery across the energy sector have brought about a new landscape of abundant sup-ply and tremendous potential for eco-nomic growth. This has been a multiyear, multi-Congress effort, and a lot of work has gone in to make sure that the bill that we put forward to support the future of American energy is truly comprehensive. Together with our colleagues, I am proud to be mov-ing this legislation one step closer to becoming the new reality for energy producers and consumers across the country. This bill is about jobs. It is about keeping energy affordable. It is about boosting our energy security here and across the globe. H.R. 8 is the embodi-ment of an all-of-the-above energy strategy. One of the most important provisions is, in fact, modernizing and protecting critical energy infrastruc-ture, including the electric grid, from new threats, including severe weather from climate, cyber threats, and phys-ical attacks as well. It helps to foster and promote new 21st century energy jobs by ensuring that the Department of Energy and our labs and universities work together to train the energy workforce and entre-preneurs of tomorrow. It makes energy efficiency, including Federal Govern-ment energy efficiency, a priority, and focuses less on creating new mandates and subsidies to incentivize behavior and more on market changes and using the government as an example. Finally, it helps update existing laws that bring some added certainty to per-mitting processes and helps to promote using our abundant resources to aid in diplomacy. For example, by stream-lining the approval process for projects such as the interstate natural gas pipe-lines and LNG export facilities, the leg-islation will allow businesses at the cutting edge of research to keep put-ting the full scope of energy abundance to work for consumers both here and abroad. This allows us to provide an energy lifeline to our allies across the globe. Provisions within H.R. 8 and others that have been included in the amend-ment under consideration today also seek to capitalize on energy sources that the administration has rejected. H.R. 8 brings much-needed reforms to the hydropower licensing process as well, a clean energy source that, to-gether with nuclear, provides some 25 percent of the United States’ elec-tricity, with no greenhouse gas emis-sions. It is imperative that hydropower remains a vital part of any future. The all-of-the-above energy strategy also means that the future of American energy does not need to be a series of choices between the environment and the economy. By introducing 21st cen-tury regulatory reforms that reflect our energy abundance, and with the DOE’s Quadrennial Energy Review as a guide, this bill will help bring about needed reforms and continued innova-tion across the energy sector. The legislation before us today is the product of a thorough assessment of the gap that we face between our stale energy regulations and our budding en-ergy supply. H.R. 8 closes the gap. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce first began to address a comprehensive bipartisan energy bill in the beginning of 2015, there was a sense of hopeful-ness, a sense of optimism that the com-mittee would once again set the stand-ard for working together to get things done on behalf of the American people in a spirit of bipartisan cooperation. At that time, Mr. Speaker, many of us on the minority side had enormous expectations that we would draft a bill that would move our energy policy for-ward in a manner befitting the chal-lenges facing our Nation in this, the 21st century. Specifically, Mr. Speaker, from my perspective, a comprehensive energy bill would need to modernize the Na-tion’s aging energy infrastructure, train a 21st century workforce, and ad-dress the critically important issue of manmade climate change. Unfortu-nately, Mr. Speaker, none of these issues are addressed in the bill that we are voting on here today. This 800-page hodgepodge of Repub-lican and corporate priorities is noth-ing more than a majority wish list of strictly ideological bills, many of which the minority party opposes and the Obama administration and the American people do not support. Outside of just a few minor crumbs thrown in to represent the priorities of the minority party, including my workforce development legislation, the bill almost contains nothing that the American people could support or rally behind. Specifically, Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill, H.R. 8, does little more than take us backwards in terms of en-ergy policy, while also providing loop-holes to help industry avoid account-ability and to avoid further regulation. H.R. 8 contains efficiency provisions that will actually increase energy use and energy costs to consumers, putting industry interests above the public in-terest. The bill’s hydropower title weakens longstanding environmental review procedures and curtails State, local, and tribal authority over projects in their respective lands. Mr. Speaker, the bill flagrantly binds the U.S. to an outdated dependency on fossil fuels while failing to offer any constructive, forward-looking policies to incentivize the development and the deployment of clean energy. As you know, Mr. Speaker, many of the bills contained in the House amendment include controversial pro-visions that the minority party has re-peatedly opposed at both the com-mittee level as well as here on the House floor. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, many of these same poison pill amend-ments in the bill have already received veto threats from the Obama adminis-tration. So, Mr. Speaker, with a bill that fails to modernize our energy infrastruc-ture, that fails to invest in job-creating clean energy technologies, and that fails to cut carbon pollution, it is safe, Mr. Speaker, to proclaim to this body that we still have a long, hard, and cumbersome road ahead if we are ever to reach a point of finding consensus, bipartisan consensus. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support this bill before us. I urge my colleagues to oppose it as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), who is a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and is quite fa-miliar with energy issues. Mr. WALDEN. I thank my colleague from Kentucky for his great work on this legislation and his thoughtful leadership on these issues over many years. Mr. Speaker, for all your work on this legislation to make much-needed reforms to modernize energy policy into something that better promotes affordability, reliability, and ensures we have the energy we need to con-tinue growing jobs in our communities, I say thank you. Among the many strong provisions in this bill, several are particularly im-portant to the West and our rural com-munities across central, eastern, and southern Oregon. For farmers and ranchers in the Klamath Basin, this bill ensures that they will actually get a formal seat at the table when there is consultation with Federal agencies on decisions under the ESA. Irrigators in this area have long been impacted by these deci-sions, and it is only fair they should have an equal seat at the table with other entities during these discussions. Perhaps one of the timeliest provi-sions, Mr. Speaker, as we head into for-est fire season in the West, are the pro-visions that provide for streamlined planning and would reduce frivolous lawsuits and speed up the pace of forest management across our public lands. This House, 4 years in a row now, after we pass this, has considered much-needed legislation to fix the management of our Federal forests. Now the Senate will have an oppor-tunity to join us in this effort, as we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.040 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3200 May 25, 2016 
amend this legislation and send it on over to the Senate. Our forested, rural communities, Mr. Speaker, have wait-ed long enough. They have choked on smoke summer after summer long enough. They have seen their water-sheds get destroyed by catastrophic fire. It is time to fix the problem. Now, a couple other specifics, Mr. Speaker, on national forests across eastern Oregon. Forest managers’ hands are tied by a one-size-fits-all rule prohibiting the harvest of trees over 21 inches in di-ameter. This measure was imple-mented temporarily in 1997 but still has not been lifted 20 years later, just about. It represents really poor science. It only serves as a source of frequent appeals and litigation. Re-pealing this will give our forest man-agers the flexibility they need to use modern science to actually manage the forests for healthier conditions. b1430 Last month the Bureau of Land Man-agement released their proposed re-source management plan for Oregon’s unique O&C lands in southern and western Oregon. Frankly, it is a ter-rible plan. Despite a clear statutory require-ment that they manage these lands for sustainable timber production and rev-enue to the counties—dare I say, jobs in the community—the BLM’s plan goes the other way. It locks up 75 per-cent of the lands and harvests less than half the minimum level directed by the O&C Act. This is a job killer. This bill includes bipartisan legisla-tion that I wrote, working with my col-leagues from Oregon, Representatives D
EFAZIO and S CHRADER , to cut costs, increase timber harvest and revenue to local counties, and direct BLM to re-vise their flawed management plan to actually reflect the underlying act. Mr. Speaker, this is good energy leg-islation. This is good natural resource legislation. This is sound environ-mental legislation. I urge its passage. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), the outstanding ranking member of the full committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. R
USH for managing the opposition to the bill so successfully. Mr. Speaker, today we are consid-ering the House amendment to S. 2012, the mistitled North American Energy Security Act of 2016. This legislation once again shows us the vastly dif-ferent paths taken by the two Cham-bers of Congress. On the one hand is the Senate energy bill that the House intends to go to conference on. It passed by a vote of 85– 15 because it is balanced and because it contains a number of nonenergy provi-sions that the public supports over-whelmingly, such as permanent fund-ing for the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. On the other hand, the House energy bill was the result of a highly partisan process that the Presi-dent threatened to veto. As we prepare to head to conference, we have a second chance to do things right and to produce a new, bipartisan energy bill. Unfortunately, that is not what we are doing today. The Repub-lican majority has decided to replace the consensus Senate bill with a new pro-polluter package that dwarfs the original H.R. 8. When crafting the House amendment before us today, the Republican caucus decided to tack on over 30 extraneous bills to an already bad piece of energy legislation that the President promised to veto. While a number of these new additions are noncontroversial bills, many of these provisions are divisive, dangerous, and have drawn veto threats of their own. The House amendment to S. 2012 weakens protections for public health and the environment, undermines ex-isting laws designed to promote effi-ciency, and does nothing to help realize the clean and renewable energy poli-cies of the future. And, of course, this so-called energy infrastructure bill provides absolutely no money to modernize the grid or our pipeline infrastructure. The House amendment is a back-ward-looking piece of energy legisla-tion at a time when we need to move forward. Let me highlight some of the most harmful provisions solely from the ju-risdiction of the Energy and Commerce Committee. This bill eliminates the current Pres-idential permitting process for energy projects that cross the U.S. border. Such action would create a new, weak-er process that effectively rubber- stamps permit applications and allows the Keystone pipeline to rise from the grave. It makes dangerous and unnecessary changes to the FERC natural gas pipe-line siting process at the expense of private landowners, the environment, and our national parks. It harms electricity consumers at all levels by interfering with competitive markets to subsidize uneconomic gen-erating facilities. These facilities would otherwise be rejected by the market in favor of lower cost natural gas and renewable options. It strikes language in current law that requires Federal buildings to be designed to reduce consumption of fos-sil fuels. It creates loopholes that would per-mit hydropower operators to dodge compliance with environmental laws, including the Clean Water Act, and gives preferential treatment to electric utilities at the expense of States, tribes, farmers, and sportsmen. It contains an energy efficiency title that, if enacted, would result in a net increase in consumption and green-house gas emissions compared to cur-rent law. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, this is not a legitimate exercise in legislating, and it speaks volumes about the total lack of seriousness with which House Re-publicans are approaching this con-ference. We should be trying to narrow the differences and move closer to the bipartisan Senate product. Instead, we are going in the opposite direction, voting on an 800-page mon-strosity energy package that the Re-publican leadership has stitched to-gether from pieces of pro-polluter bills that passed the Senate only to die in the Senate or on the President’s desk. Voting once on these fundamentally flawed ideas was more than enough. We shouldn’t make a mockery of the con-ference process and be using the House floor to try to raise the dead. The House amendment to S. 2012 has one central theme binding its energy provisions: an unerring devotion to the energy of the past. It is the Republican Party’s 19th century vision for the fu-ture of U.S. energy policy in the 21st century. I strongly oppose the House amend-ment, obviously, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), who is a real expert on energy issues. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Kentucky, Chairman W
HITFIELD , for yielding me time. I am pleased to support the House amendment to the Senate Energy Pol-icy Modernization Act. Division D of this legislation includes the three energy titles from the Science Committee’s House-passed leg-islation, H.R. 1806, the America Com-petes Reauthorization Act of 2015, and H.R. 4084, the Nuclear Energy Innova-tion Capabilities Act. Division D is both pro-science and fiscally respon-sible and sets America on a path to re-main the world’s leader in innovation. America’s economic and productivity growth relies on government support of basic research to enable the scientific breakthroughs that fuel technological innovation, new industries, enhanced international competitiveness, and job creation. Title V reauthorizes the Department of Energy Office of Science for 2 years. It prioritizes the National Labora-tories’ basic research that enables re-searchers in all 50 States to have ac-cess to world-class user facilities, in-cluding supercomputers and high-in-tensity light sources. The bill prevents duplication and re-quires DOE to certify that its climate science work is unique and not rep-licated by other Federal agencies. Title VI likewise reauthorizes DOE’s applied research and developmental programs and activities for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017. It restrains the unjustified growth in spending on late-stage commercialization efforts and focuses instead on basic and ap-plied research efforts. Division D also requires DOE to pro-vide a regular strategic analysis of science and technology activities with-in the Department, identifying key 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.041 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3201 May 25, 2016 
areas for collaboration across science and applied research programs. This will reduce waste and duplica-tion and identify activities that could be better undertaken by States, insti-tutions of higher education or the pri-vate sector, and areas of subpar per-formance that should be eliminated. Title VII proposes to cut red tape and bureaucracy in the DOE technology transfer process. It allows contractor operators of DOE National Labora-tories to work with the private sector more efficiently by delegating signa-ture authority to the directors of the National Labs themselves rather than DOE contracting officers for coopera-tive agreements valued at less than $1 million. Also included is H.R. 4084, Energy Subcommittee Chairman R
ANDY  W
EBER ’s House-passed Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act. It pro-vides a clear timeline for DOE to com-plete a research reactor user facility within 10 years. This research reactor will enable proprietary and academic research to develop supercomputing models and design next generation nu-clear energy technology. H.R. 4084 creates a reliable mecha-nism for the private sector to partner with DOE labs to build fission and fu-sion prototype reactors at DOE sites. Overall, Division D sets the right pri-orities for Federal civilian research, which enhances U.S. competitiveness while reducing spending and the Fed-eral deficit by over $550 million. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ), an outstanding and hardworking member of the En-ergy and Power Subcommittee and the Energy and Commerce full committee. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I thank the gentleman, Ranking Member R
USH, for his leadership on energy solutions for America. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Republican amendment because it is a giveaway to special interests and it is a missed opportunity to craft a bi-partisan package of energy policies that meet the challenges of the 21st century and boost America’s clean en-ergy economy. The GOP-led Congress is out of sync with the American public and out of touch with what is happening in elec-tricity generation across America. The future is about energy efficiency and geothermal, renewables like solar, wind power, and biomass. In fact, the U.S. Energy Information Administra-tion says renewable energy is the world’s fastest growing energy source. That means innovative, cost-saving energy investments for our neighbors and businesses back home. That means we are going to create jobs through the clean energy economy and, at the same time, reduce carbon pollution. Instead, in this amendment, the GOP doubles down on dirty fuel sources. It logrolls 36 bills into a single package that, in many cases, eliminates envi-ronmental reviews, and the experts say the bill will actually accelerate cli-mate change. So if the Republican energy package was a car, it wouldn’t just be stuck in neutral, it would be stuck in reverse because it harkens back to the energy policies of decades ago rather than America’s growing clean energy econ-omy of the future. Let’s not go backwards. Let’s move Americans forward and put money back into the pockets of our hard-working neighbors. I urge the House to reject the GOP amendment. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire how much time is remaining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Kentucky has 43⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Illi-nois has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ). Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on both com-mittees of jurisdiction here, Energy and Commerce and Natural Resources. The language that they allowed to be put into this energy bill from my water bill is something that truly makes a difference for the constituents of the Central Valley. We have been suffering over these last few years, and what it has done is devastated our communities. We have unemployment numbers reaching as high as 30 and 40 percent. We see num-bers even in some smaller communities as high as 50 percent. To see these things happen in our communities is a total tragedy, and it doesn’t have to happen. All we need is some common-sense legislation. We have tried reaching out. We have passed legislation out of the House a few different times. We have nego-tiated and tried to get somewhere, but we weren’t able to do it. So finding another way to get this onto our Senators’ desks so that they can actually take some action and get it to the President’s desk is of the ut-most importance. I appreciate all the leadership and all the help from both committees to help this move forward. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member R
USH. I also want to thank my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee, in-cluding the chairman of the sub-committee, for their hard work. I am pleased to have several bipar-tisan measures included in the legisla-tion, including reforming hydropower licensing, addressing efficiency in Fed-eral buildings, enhancing the energy- water nexus, verification of cyber-resil-ient products for the grid, authoriza-tion of water programs, an update of our national policy on the future of the grid, and smart grid-capable labels on products to enhance consumer choice. These are items I believe should re-main in any final energy package. Un-fortunately, the Republicans have load-ed the bill with nonconstructive lan-guage. One such provision is language from H.R. 2898 that would harm California’s delta and the economies of the fami-lies, farmers, and communities I rep-resent. There is no way this language should be part of an energy package. It is just an add-on. It just shows how desperate the Republicans are to push through this bad policy. Because of this, I regretfully oppose this legislation. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s energy and electricity systems need upgrades and modernization. Climate change needs to be addressed. The Senate companion bill does not address these issues. So, again, unfortunately, I have to oppose this legislation. b1445 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. GARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I want to say we have been here before. Last night we argued about under-taking the water wars of California. Once again, here we are. This time, as last night, legislation dumped into this energy bill that will gut the environ-mental protections of the delta and San Francisco Bay, destroy the fish-eries, destroy the economy of the delta and water for millions of people. Why would we want to do this? Well, presumably, to take care of the water interests of the San Joaquin Val-ley, not southern California, but the San Joaquin Valley alone. It makes no sense whatsoever. It is the wrong pol-icy. We have to let science govern the delta. We have to operate the delta based upon the very best possible science available, do the pumping, do the exports, consistent with the protec-tion of the ecology and the environ-ment of the delta; that is fish, that is the land, that is the water systems. The ESA, the Clean Water Act, and the biological opinions, cannot be over-run. Yet, this legislation does exactly that. We ought to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. These particular sections should be re-moved. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire how much time I have remain-ing? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Illinois has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to reempha-size that, for the minority side to sup-port this bill and its going forward, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.043 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3202 May 25, 2016 
there must be provisions included in the bill that will address the deeply felt concern that our Members have continually expressed. Specifically, Mr. Speaker, our Mem-bers would like to see funding to mod-ernize the Nation’s energy infrastruc-ture. Our Members want to see invest-ment in clean energy technology. Our Members want to see resources to train a 21st century workforce. Our Members want to see policies to transition our economy away from the energy sources of the past and towards the sustainable energy sources of the future. Mr. Speaker, without these provi-sions, this bill won’t go very far. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Mem-bers of this House to vote ‘‘no’’ on this so-called energy bill. It is a relic. It is backwards-looking. It puts the Nation on a reverse course. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. To our friends on the other side of the aisle, I want to thank them for working with us on this legislation. I know it is difficult to please everyone. Any time you talk about energy today, of course, people raise the issue of climate change. And I might say that America does not have to take a back seat to any country in the world on climate change. We have 64 different government programs addressing cli-mate change, so I think America is doing more on that issue than anyone else. But we have other problems that we have to deal with as well. For example, the U.S. Energy Information Adminis-tration estimates that power outages in America cost Americans at least $150 billion annually. One of the rea-sons we have a lot of power outages is because of our infrastructure needs, but also because of regulations coming out of this administration. One of the provisions in this bill re-quires FERC to analyze the impact on electric reliability of new Federal regu-lations that have many experts con-cerned. So we want an analysis of all these regulations and its impact on re-liability. We have heard a lot of discussion about the need for work-training pro-grams for people to work in energy, in the renewable sector, and all sectors. And we had a serious discussion with our friends on the other side of the aisle as we were marking up this legis-lation. We had basically agreed on a provision to provide training for Afri-can Americans, for Hispanics, for women, and for other minorities, to get them involved in the energy field, which we all wanted to do. We even provided some money for that training program. But we had said, if we do this, we want to change a couple of provisions in the 2005 Energy Policy Act. For ex-ample, in that act, there was a prohibi-tion against the Federal government in Federal buildings using any fossil fuels after the year 2030. We think that is pretty draconian. So we said we are not going to mandate the use of fossil fuels, but in keeping even with the President’s statements about an all-of-the-above energy pol-icy, we wanted a provision in there that would repeal that so if there was a time in the future when we needed fossil fuels because fossil fuels are still providing about 50 to 60 percent of all the electricity in America—even more than that—coal and natural gas. So this provision simply says we are going to allow it. We are not man-dating it, but the government has the option, after 2030, of using fossil fuel in government buildings. We think that is a sensible approach, but our friends on the other side of the aisle had dug in the sand so much, they refused that: We will not support it if that is in there. So some of these provisions that we all wanted, we don’t have in here, but we are trying to do the best that we can do. I think this is a major step forward for the American people, and I would urge everyone to support S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and the House amendment to it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in strong support for the inclu-sion of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act, in the House amendment to S. 2012. The House passed H.R. 2647 with 262 bipartisan votes last July, and it has been waiting for Senate action since then. When we passed the bill nearly a year ago, we knew we were facing a severe wildfire season. We were correct. More than 10.1 million acres of forest land burned across the country, the largest number of acres ever recorded. Over 4,500 homes and other structures were destroyed. Mr. Speaker, these fires destroyed valuable resources, and emitted in the order of magnitude of 100 million tons of carbon into the atmosphere while burning up the equivalent renewable energy stored in our forests of 20 to 30 billion gallons of gasoline. Tragically, these fires also claimed the lives of seven firefighters who worked coura-geously to stop the spread of these wildfires into communities. When the House passed H.R. 2647 last summer, we hoped that the passage would spur action from the Senate. Un-fortunately, that has not been the case. We have waited patiently for the Sen-ate to offer its own legislation so we could sit down and negotiate a com-promise. However, that has not been the case, so we should again ask the Senate to act on forestry reform. H.R. 2647 is premised on a simple idea: that the Forest Service and the BLM need to do more work to restore the health and resilience of our Na-tion’s forests. We understand the problem clearly. Our forests are overgrown due to years of neglect. This problem cannot be solved immediately, but we have an ob-ligation to our rural communities to do everything we can to help mitigate the problem. In drafting this bill, we included pro-visions which would allow our Federal land management agencies to be able to shorten lengthy environmental re-view periods when they already under-stand the environmental impacts of a proposed management action. This bill also encourages and rewards collabora-tion between diverse stakeholder groups. The Natural Resources Committee recognizes the chilling effect of unnec-essary litigation and how that can pre-vent needed restoration work from oc-curring in our Nation’s forests. The committee heard testimony from a va-riety of experts who testified about how restoration work is not being pro-posed by the Forest Service for fear that it will be litigated. My bill takes the simple step of re-quiring anyone who litigates a forest management project to post a bond if they are challenging a project put forth by a collaborative effort. It is not unreasonable to ask a litigant who threatens an urgently needed project that is put forth by a diverse group of stakeholders to have some skin in the game. This bill also recognizes the reality that we must rethink the manner in which we fund the fighting of cata-strophic wildfires. The Forest Service is burdened with having to transfer funds from other accounts in order to cover the cost of wildfire suppression. Just last year, the Forest Service was forced to transfer $243 million from other agency accounts during 1 week in August in order to pay for firefighting costs. These transfers disrupt the very work that reduces the risk of wildfires in the first place. H.R. 2647 addresses this issue by al-lowing catastrophic wildfires to be treated like any other natural disaster. The Department of Agriculture and the Department of the Interior would be able to access FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund to help fight wildfires when all appropriated accounts are exhausted. This provision was drafted in a fiscally responsible manner to ensure that fighting these fires does not become a drain on our budget. Mr. Speaker, this bill will not make a difference in the health of our Na-tion’s Federal forests overnight, but it provides urgently needed tools to help our land management agencies to re-duce the threat of catastrophic wildfires in our communities and to be good stewards of a treasured national resource. I urge my colleagues to support the House amendment to S. 2012 so that we can go to conference and work out a so-lution to the many problems facing our Nation’s Federal forests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.044 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3203 May 25, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today I rise in opposition to the lit-any of bad, environmentally harmful bills that the House Republican leader-ship is offering in place of the bipar-tisan Senate energy bill. Now, the Senate bill, S. 2012, was sound policy and represented real progress on many important issues, but the package we are considering today is a dangerous threat. Not only is this package bad for drought-stricken States like California, but it includes a wish list of giveaways for the fossil fuel and mining industries, it undermines vital Endangered Species Act protec-tions, and it undermines public review. b1500 This is not a promising start to con-ference negotiations. Why are we wast-ing our time on a package of partisan bills that we have considered before and which we all know will never be signed into law? Even worse than the substance, Re-publicans shot down the request to consider this bill under an open amend-ment process. Now, I, for one, would have recommended many changes if we were allowed to consider this very con-troversial omnibus bill under regular order. Just to name a few: The House amendment we are consid-ering today continues the unending threats that Congress poses under cur-rent management to the health of the bay delta and the vital salmon runs that are so important to California and to my district, not to mention specific threats to the San Joaquin River and to the Klamath and Trinity River sys-tems, their salmon fisheries, and the people that depend upon them; The House amendment we are consid-ering today would bring back from the dead the undeniably harmful Keystone XL pipeline; The House amendment we are consid-ering today would roll back building codes; It would be harmful to forest man-agement policy and wildfire mitigation because it uses a short-sighted model for funding instead of bringing forward the actual fix to the fire borrowing problem, the bipartisan legislation by Representatives S
IMPSON and S CHRA -
DERthat I have supported each of the last several years but we never seem to be able to actually bring to a vote in this House. I urge my colleagues today to vote for the Senate energy bill in its current form, in its original form, which is the result of true, bipartisan compromise, so we can actually get that legislation and all of its useful provisions over the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ). Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased this amendment will improve the stewardship of public lands, water, and natural resources throughout the West. I am pleased to see Western priorities included in this bill, from the drought- stricken California to the responsible production of strategic and critical minerals on Federal lands. They are critical to national defense and make possible modern amenities like smartphones and tablets. On tribal lands, the House amend-ment will empower tribes with more authority over their own land. The best forestry bill we have seen in years came from Mr. WESTERMAN , and he just talked about it. Finally, the sportsmen’s title will re-store much-needed attorney fee trans-parency under the Equal Access to Jus-tice Act. This law was created to help small businesses, veterans, and Social Security beneficiaries when they have to take the Federal Government to court. But it is being used on endless public lands litigation with con-sequences for sportsmen’s access and other multiple use of public lands. Finally, this would reinstate the Fish and Wildlife Service’s own rulemaking regarding gray wolves in Wyoming and Western States. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues’ support. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Stockton, California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ), who continuously fights for his dis-trict’s water interests and the interests of California as they pertain to our most important estuary, the bay-delta system. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we had a debate last night about a familiar issue—Califor-nia’s drought. It is something that im-pacts all of us, including Oregon and Washington State, not just people south of the delta. Unfortunately, H.R. 2898 was included in the Energy and Water Development appropriations bill, and it is alarming that the House Republicans have tacked the same language onto the en-ergy bill. This shows the desperation of the House Republicans to force this bad legislation through. As I said last night, these provisions would further drain freshwater from the California delta. These provisions would damage the delta’s ecosystem and harm the communities I represent. It harms some people to benefit others just because one side has the power to do it. I represent the seventh largest agri-cultural county in the Nation, so I un-derstand the needs of farmers and ranchers and the impact that water has on the ability to produce the Nation’s fruits, nuts, and vegetables. Unfortunately, H.R. 2898 would weak-en the Endangered Species Act and set a precedent of undermining environ-mental protections. It also exacerbates a water war in the West just at a time when we are working to bridge those divides. In fact, the State and Federal agencies have been working effectively over the past few years to maximize water deliveries to the delta to com-munities down south. Federal and State agencies have maximized what little water exists in the State. A lack of water is our big-gest threat, not operational flexibility. Last night we heard about wasted water. What hasn’t been said is that water that flows to the ocean pushes the saltwater out away from our farms and allows a path for salmon to the ocean. The majority hasn’t reauthorized WaterSmart. They haven’t supported investments in recycling. They have cut funding for the Department of the Interior’s efforts to boost water assist-ance. They haven’t voted on water in-frastructure improvements. How do we prepare for the future either in wet or dry years? This House isn’t willing to make those kinds of investments. Our Nation loses approximately 2 trillion gallons of water because of aging infrastructure. That is about 6 billion gallons of water wasted every day. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. MCNERNEY. There are invest-ments that can be made to recycle water and find wasteful leakage. For example, the State of Israel recycles 90 percent of its water. California recy-cles only 15 percent. Instead, the Re-publicans have pushed language that results in diminished fish populations and worsens saltwater intrusion, which affects the water being exported that permanently damages some of our most productive farmland in the world. Mr. Speaker, this is not a solution. It is a step backward. I am disappointed with this bill, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the House amendment to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016. The House amendment includes the Sportsmen’s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act of 2016, better known as the SHARE Act, which passed with bipartisan support in February in the House. The SHARE Act is part of a group of commonsense bills that will eliminate unneeded regulatory impediments, safeguard against new regulations that impede outdoor sporting activities, and protect Second Amendment rights. These packages were similarly intro-duced and passed in the 112th and 113th Congresses. Outdoor sporting activities, includ-ing hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting are deeply engrained in the fabric of the United States’ culture and heritage. Values instilled by partaking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.045 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3204 May 25, 2016 
in these activities are passed down from generation to generation and play a significant part in the lives of mil-lions of Americans. Much of America’s outdoor sporting activity occurs on our Nation’s Federal lands. Unfortunately, Federal agencies like the U.S. Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management often pre-vent or impede access to Federal land for outdoor sporting activities. Because lack of access is one of the key reasons sportsmen and -women stop partici-pating in outdoor sporting activities, ensuring the public has reliable access to our Nation’s Federal lands must re-main a top priority. The SHARE Act does just that. One of the key provisions of this bill, the Recreational Fishing and Hunting Heritage Opportunities Act, will in-crease and sustain access for hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting on Federal lands for generations to come. Specifically, it protects sportsmen and -women from arbitrary efforts by the Federal Government to block Federal lands from hunting and fishing activi-ties by implementing an open-until- closed management policy. It also, in the package, provides tools to jointly create and maintain rec-reational shooting ranges on Federal lands and allows the Department of the Interior to designate hunter access cor-ridors through National Park units so that sportsmen and -women can hunt and fish on adjacent Federal lands. The package also protects Second Amendment rights and the use of tradi-tional ammunition and fishing tackle. It defends law-abiding individuals’ con-stitutional rights to keep and bear arms on lands managed by the Corps of Engineers and ensures that hunters are not burdened by outdated laws pre-venting bows and crossbows from being transported across national parks. This important legislation will sus-tain America’s rich hunting and fishing traditions, improve access to our Fed-eral lands for responsible outdoor sporting activities, and help ensure that current and future generations of sportsmen and -women are able to enjoy the sporting activities this coun-try holds dear. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important achievement. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gen-tleman from Fresno, California (Mr. C
OSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
UFFMAN for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the amendment in the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act that was reflected in Congressman V
ALADAO ’s legislation, H.R. 2898, of which I am a cosponsor. It is an important effort to try to fix California’s broken water system. We cannot continue to kick this can down the road as we have for the last several years. Unfortunately, that is what has continued to happen. Farms, farm communities, and farmworkers are desperate to have Washington rec-ognize that we cannot continue the status quo. Our Nation’s food supply is an issue of national security, and we are de-pendent upon it. We don’t think about it that way, but it is a fact. The drought impacts in California and the West are not going to get better. With climate change, they are going to con-tinue to get worse. Passing this bill is part of a continuing effort to try to get something done. The Federal Govern-ment cannot continue to ignore the drought and the devastating impacts not only in the San Joaquin Valley, but statewide and Western States-wide. Parts of the valley are parched and without water, and we must continue to raise this issue every way we can. That is why we are doing this. Getting this legislation passed is part of an ef-fort to fix California’s broken water system. There was talk about issuing an allo-cation, and we were hoping for an El Nino. Guess what. It didn’t happen. We got a 5 percent water allocation on the West side. Last year it was zero. The year before it was zero. Zero is zero. It means no water. So let’s try to work together. Let’s put aside our talking points and the political posturing for not only Cali-fornia farmers, farmworkers, and farm communities, but American families who count on having nutritious, healthy, and affordable food on their dinner table every night. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for his help and for all his good work and for his vast knowledge of trees and for-estry. I appreciate it. Mr. Speaker, today the House has an opportunity to advance real reforms and modernize the outdated policies that are preventing responsible man-agement of California’s water re-sources. Title I of division C of this measure includes language developed through exhaustive bipartisan, bicameral nego-tiations passed repeatedly by the House with bipartisan support. While the House has taken action on this issue, including this language today ensures that California’s Senators can no longer ignore the crisis facing our State. This Chamber has heard quite a bit about California’s water woes over the last few years, including some claims that don’t meet the threshold of fact, and it is time we set the record straight. Some falsely claim this bill prioritizes one area over another. As the sole Representative of the source of the vast majority of California’s usable water, I can state this measure in-cludes the strongest possible protec-tions for northern California area of or-igin and senior water rights. It safe-guards the most fundamental water right of all: that those who live where water originates have access to it. That is why northern California water districts and farmers in my area strongly support this bill. The measure accelerates surface water storage infrastructure projects that over two-thirds of Californians voted to fund, updating the system last expanded four decades ago. One of these projects, Sites Reservoir, would have saved 1 million acre-feet of water this winter alone, enough to supply 8 million Californians for a year. We simply can’t expect 40 million people to survive on infrastructure designed for half that, yet that is exactly what members of the minority party argue for. We have heard wild claims about how this measure could harm endangered species, but in reality it lives within the ESA and the biological opinions. Rather than alter the ESA—and be-lieve me, I would like to—this measure improves population monitoring tech-niques and technology. Wildlife agen-cies currently base orders to cut off water on hunches, not data. This bill would provide actual facts to end the arbitrary decisions we have seen in re-cent years. Finally, this bill sensibly allows more water to be stored and used dur-ing winter storms when river flows are highest and there is no impact to fish populations. Even as delta outflows surpassed 100,000 acre-feet per second this year, as we see in this graphic here, during 2016, the water saved was even less by a percent than during low- flow years. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. L
AMALFA. As a result, the lost opportunity of filling one of our largest reservoirs. San Luis Reservoir is barely half full. This bill ensures that, when we have more water, it is saved for later use, which helps all Californians. Why wouldn’t we want to do this? Mr. Speaker, we can’t wait any longer. It is time that we end the rhet-oric, end the obstruction, and address the crisis that threatens our State’s strong economic livelihood. If Marin County and San Francisco can get all the water they need, how is it fair that districts in the Central Val-ley get only 5 percent of their alloca-tion when water is aplenty? b1515 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Calling the Valadao water bill bipar-tisan does not make it genuinely so. Let me just share with my colleagues what Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN has said about this bill. She said it con-tains ‘‘provisions that would violate environmental law,’’ which she cannot support. California Senator B
ARBARA BOXER  said the bill is ‘‘the same-old, same-old and will only reignite the water wars.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.047 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3205 May 25, 2016 
The Obama administration opposes this bill. The State of California not only opposes these provisions, but has opposed all previous incarnations of this bill, which has been bouncing around for some time, long before the current drought gave it a new drought- related title. I will just close with what the Fresno Bee has said about this bill. The Fresno Bee says about this bill: ‘‘In some cases, it’s an unabashed GOP wish list’’ that has ‘‘little, if anything, in common with a 140-page draft water bill floated by Democrats.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ), who has long fought to pro-tect the delta and the interests of her region. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the House amend-ment to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act. Although this bill contains some im-portant provisions overall, it raises barriers to our clean energy future by reversing important progress we have made to curb emissions and combat cli-mate change. House Republicans have made a bad bill worse by attaching harmful provisions that will have a negative impact on consumers, public health, and our environment. Mr. Speaker, I am particularly con-cerned that this energy package is being used to advance irresponsible, short-term policies in response to Cali-fornia’s drought. The provisions in-cluded in this bill will pit one region of our great State against another in-stead of providing a balanced, long- term solution. We need to be taking an all-of-the- above approach to our drought by ad-vancing wastewater recycling projects, investing in groundwater storage, and encouraging new technologies that allow us to responsibly manage our water usage. I actually grew up on a Central Val-ley farm. My grandparents farmed in Reedley, California, and I grew up in Dinuba. So I understand that the de-bate over water is complicated and per-sonal to so many, but I believe that we can balance the needs of our farmers and urban centers while protecting our drinking water supply and our eco-systems. Our American families de-serve an energy package that brings us forward, not backwards. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2015. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), our distin-guished, hardworking, and, above all, compassionate and fair majority lead-er. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, there are places in this world that hold people’s imagination— Washington, D.C., New York City, and Paris, the great rolling plains crossed by American pioneers, and the Hima-layan mountains touching into the heavens. I was blessed, blessed more than I knew, to grow up in such a place, a place called California. It is so distinc-tive and impressive, it is unreal. Warm, sun-drenched beaches, snowcapped mountains, great cities, forests, deserts, farmland growing fruits, nuts, and vegetables stretching as far as the eye can see. It is a place that is always filled with promise and potential. In many ways, California’s history mir-rors the history of America. It started as nothing much, but people came and they built it. We grew and prospered. We became the envy of the world. Like America, today, California faces great uncertainty. Some problems are the same, shared by the entire Nation, but California and almost the entire Western United States are enduring something much worse—the drought. The drought has lingered for years. El Nino helped alleviate some of the prob-lem, but the drought continues. Com-munities have less water, farmland that once fed the world now sits dry. People are losing their livelihoods and their hope. There is no way to end the drought, but it doesn’t have to be as bad as it is. Now, water that can be stored is being lost. Bureaucrats release fresh-water out to the sea. Our most valu-able resource is being wasted. This matters today because we are considering a bill from our colleagues in the Senate—the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act. Before the Senate passed this bill, they added several pro-visions, including language to address water issues in Washington State. I have to say, Mr. Speaker, that I am very happy that the Senate brought this up. After all, if we are going to ad-dress the water issue in Washington State, we should address the water issue across the West. So we included in our amendment to the legislation Representative VALADAO ’s Western Water and American Food Security Act. We passed this last year in the House so we could build more water storage and increase our reservoirs while still allowing water to flow through the Sacramento delta. Water is so necessary for our con-stituents that we aren’t stopping with this bill. We have already began con-sideration of the Energy and Water Ap-propriations bill, which includes even more provisions to deal with the drought. So there is a simple message for our Democrat colleagues in the Senate. House Republicans won’t stop. We will keep passing bills until our people get the water they need. Because once we get water, so much of the uncertainty facing California and the entire West will be brushed aside. You see, California and America as a whole face a crisis of bad governance. Many look around and see life isn’t getting any better. They wonder if our Nation is in decline. But that is not who we are, not as Americans and not as Californians. Our best days are not behind us. We will not quietly manage our decline. I re-ject the idea that we have reached the heights of our shining city on a hill, and that it is time to come back down to a world of limits and uncertainty. The choice is ours to make because as Americans we write our own future. That is what this vote means for me and for every Californian. The laws governing water are broken. The bu-reaucracy is working against the peo-ple. The system is holding us back, but this is not how it has to be. California has long been a reflection of America’s promise. We also helped America to realize its promise. We led the way in media, technology, agri-culture, and even space. Bring the water back and I know we will lead America once again, and help to re-store hope in our future. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I share the majority leader’s view that California is a unique and iconic and majestic place. I would only add that part of what makes it so includes the great rivers and iconic salmon runs in California from the Central Valley to the North Coast, where I represent, and the incredibly important bay-delta estuary, the most ecologically impor-tant estuary on the West Coast of the Americas, which despite all of the dam-age we have done to it over the past 100-plus years, still teams with water-fowl and wildlife and still supports salmon that are the staple of the com-mercial salmon fishing industry, not just in California, but in Washington and Oregon. That is why groups who advocate for these fisheries, folks who make their living by depending on these fish, are uniformly against the Republican water bill that has been added in by way of this amendment. Fishing jobs matter, too. It is part of what makes California great. There is no one that understands that better than my col-league, M
IKETHOMPSON . Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment to the Senate bill that is before us. California is in a true state of emer-gency when it comes to water. We are in a multiyear drought. And even after this winter’s El Nino, only one of our State’s reservoirs are filled to capac-ity. The drought is having a serious im-pact on families, on farms, on farmers, on fishers, and on businesses across California. We need science-based, long-term solutions to our State’s water challenges, and this bill is not the solution. It won’t help our State to improve water efficiency and make the most of the water that we have. It is based on the misguided assumption that our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.048 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3206 May 25, 2016 
water crisis can be remedied by pump-ing more water south. The truth is we haven’t pumped more water south be-cause there simply isn’t enough water. We are in a drought. The provisions we are debating today redefine the standard by which the En-dangered Species Act is applied. This will weaken the law, increase the risk of species extinction, and lead to costly litigation. You will hear the other side talk about how this is necessary because we are letting millions of gallons of water wash out to sea in order to protect fish when that water could have been pumped to farmers in California’s Cen-tral Valley. The reality is that water needs to keep moving through the delta so that saltwater doesn’t wash in, jeopardizing water quality for farms and for com-munities, including cities in my dis-trict that rely on the delta for their freshwater supply. It is important to note that this bill sets a dangerous precedent for every other State in our country. California has a system of water management rules that have endured for a long time, but this bill overrides water reg-ulations developed by Californians themselves, and tells local resource managers and water districts how to administer their water supplies. If we pass this bill, we are telling every State in America that we are okay with the Federal Government un-dermining local experts and State laws from coast to coast. We need real solutions that are based on science and that work for everyone. If you can set the science aside in Cali-fornia, you can do it anywhere. You have no protection for your resources. This isn’t about farmers versus fish. It is about saving salmon, saving cities in the delta, delta farmers, north of delta farmers, and resources across our country. I am not insensitive to the supply and demand reality of California’s water. I understand the concerns of Central Valley farmers. Remember, I am one. Ag is big in my district, too. But if your well runs dry, the solution isn’t to steal water from your neigh-bors. This bill isn’t the solution. It is bad for the millions who depend on the delta for their livelihoods, it is bad for California, and it is bad for States across our country. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this measure. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ). Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I al-ways enjoy listening to my friends on the other side of the aisle say that this is theft, that we are stealing water. This graph has been used a few times. This is the amount of water going through the delta in 2015, and this is when it was exported; in 2016, the amount of water going out into the ocean. This is not stealing from one person’s well in their community to another community. This is water that is going out into the ocean that they are advocating that we go and spend more taxpayer money and desalinate so that we can bring it right back. When it comes to protecting the delta, which we all want to do, I would actually recommend that the commu-nities around the delta stop dumping their sewage in it. With over 300 mil-lion gallons of sewage being dumped in the delta on a daily basis, you would think that would have a bigger impact on the delta species and everything else that is going on there than a little bit of water being pumped. There were periods this past winter alone where there was 150,000 cubic feet of water per second going through that delta. We are asking for 5,000, and at those high periods maybe 7,500. Think about that. 150,000 cubic feet per sec-ond, and we are asking for 7,500, as if we are going to pump a delta dry and have a huge impact. I would still argue that dumping your sewage in the delta would have a bigger impact on those species than anything else. b1530 If you are truly concerned with pro-tecting those species, you would think you would take some of the legislation that we have in there that has to do with the invasive species, the predator species, the striped bass that is actu-ally consuming baby salmon and is also consuming the delta smelt. We know that it is happening. I have seen studies that point to as much as 98 percent of delta smelt being consumed by this striped bass. Why don’t we take a look at the leg-islation that is in this bill now and ac-tually adopt it and have a real impact and save these species for our future generations. It is time top stop playing games and hurting other communities. We are looking to capture a little bit of water that goes to the delta. Obvi-ously, a lot was wasted this year. We are not trying to steal from anybody else. It is a fair and very equitable ask. It has little impact on the delta. If there are those who really want to protect the delta, let’s look at every part of it, including the sewage, includ-ing the invasive species. I think there is a lot of room to compromise, and I would appreciate the opportunity. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. When I hear my colleagues across the aisle continually describe outflow through the delta estuary as water that is somehow wasted and available to be taken for any purpose, it requires us often to remind them that this delta water system without that outflow would not be available to millions of Californians for drinking water and it would not be available to the Central Valley for agricultural irrigation be-cause that outflow maintains salinity control and water quality in this very complex water system. It is also incorrect—and, yet, we con-tinue to hear it regularly—that huge amounts of water in the last few years have been wasted for environmental purposes. The State Water Resources Control Board in California estimates that, in 2014, only 4 percent of all runoff in the bay-delta watershed flowed into the San Francisco Bay solely for environ-mental protection, again, because there are other values, other benefits, to this outflow that sustains water quality and other values in the system. In 2015, the State estimates that it was only 2 percent of the runoff in the watershed that made it through the system for environmental purposes only. It is important that we bear those facts in mind. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California has 45 seconds remaining. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) from Contra Costa Coun-ty. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. I thank my col-league. I will try to be brief. Mr. Speaker, this debate reminds me of the old expression by Mark Twain that, in California, whiskey is for drinking and water is for fighting. So for those of you who are listening, as somebody who has represented the delta in local and State government and now at the Federal level for 25 years, I think we are doing well in Cali-fornia. In a recent op-ed by Charles Fishman, who is an expert on water re-sources of the United States, the title of it is ‘‘How California is Winning the Drought.’’ He writes in this article that it has been the driest 4-year period in Cali-fornia history and the hottest, too. Yet, by almost every measure, except perception, California is doing fine— not just fine—California is doing fabu-lously. It has grown 27 percent more than the rest of the country, and the agricultural industry has also grown. He goes on to write that more than half of the fruits and vegetables that are grown in the United States come from California farms and that last year, 2014, in the third growing season of the drought, both farm employment and farm revenue increased slightly. I ask my colleagues to oppose the bill because it jeopardizes not just the delta, but California’s economy. Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Perfect policy is rare or even impos-sible. Good policy requires hard work, sound science, good data and data ana-lytics, common sense, and a little bit of give-and-take. Mr. Speaker, this is good policy, fair policy. Most impor-tantly, it will provide for a better way of life for Americans. I urge support for S. 2012, as amend-ed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.049 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3207 May 25, 2016 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concerns with the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016. This bill passed the Senate with over-whelming bipartisan support; however this bill contains unnecessarily controversial language which will jeopardize its passage here in the House. Many of the bills included in today’s House amendment have passed largely along party lines and have received veto threats from the White House. For example, the House Amendment con-tains The Western Water and American Food Security Act, a bill which aims to address Cali-fornia’s record drought. As we all know, Cali-fornia has been in a severe drought which has devastated its water supply. Although this bill includes language to address California’s cur-rent water crisis, I do not believe that it takes into account the concerns of all major stake-holders. Yes, we need to increase storage sites, reexamine infrastructure to move water to the south, and take immediate steps to pro-vide water to the farmers who put food on our tables. We also cannot afford to ignore the en-vironment as our kids and their kids will have to live in it. I believe we must put everything on the table. All community stakeholders should be involved as we address California’s short-term and long-term water future—and this must be done immediately. Last week during National Infrastructure Week, I spoke about the impor-tance of investing in California’s water infra-structure. We should utilize our resources to capture, reuse, and recycle our precious water for future generations. The House amendment also contains harm-ful language from the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015. This legislation would allow mining companies to set their own rules regarding environmental re-views. It would also cripple the permitting au-thority under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act, or NEPA. Another bill added into this package, the North American Energy and In-frastructure Act, increases our reliance on fos-sil fuels and cripples the Department of Ener-gy’s ability to enforce energy efficiency stand-ards. Further provisions in this bill would curtail NEPA even further, threaten wildlife protec-tions, and ban the results of Department of Energy-supported research from being used to create assessments. Mr. Speaker, this legisla-tion hurts our environment, our wildlife, our public health, and our energy independence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 744, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to commit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. PETERS. I am opposed in its cur-rent form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to com-mit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Peters moves to commit the bill S. 2012, as amended, to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Add at the end the following: TITLE XI—CONSIDERATION OF IMPACTS 
SEC. 11001. CONSIDERATION OF IMPACTS. 
Because the scientific consensus is un-equivocal that climate change is real, noth-ing in this Act shall prevent a Federal agen-cy from considering potential climate im-pacts during any permitting, siting, or ap-proval process undertaken pursuant to this Act. 
Mr. PETERS (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes in support of his motion. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, my amendment simply expresses some-thing scientists know to be true and something that is recognized every-where in the world but in these halls of the United States Congress, that cli-mate change is real and influenced by human activity. We need Congress to get on board with a response, not to stand in the way. That is important for at least three reasons. First, if we are to lower the rate and impact of greenhouse gas emissions, we need Federal action. The largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States is from burning fossil fuels, which raises at-mospheric levels of CO
2. Super pollutants like methane and HFCs are many times more potent than CO
2and are the most significant drivers of climate change. Greenhouse gas emissions can affect coastal re-gions, energy, defense, food supplies, wildfire preparedness, and our quality of life. That is why just last month the United States signed the historic Paris climate agreement so as to reduce emissions by at least 26 percent by 2025. As a country that contributes 17 percent of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions, we pledge to do our part. This follows President Obama’s exec-utive order on climate change, which established national sustainability goals for the Federal Government. We need Congress to support these efforts, not to get in the way. Second, all new national plans and projects should consider these effects of climate change as we make decisions about what and where to build infra-structure and to permit projects. Extreme weather conditions are at an all-time high. One of my first votes as a Member of Congress was to fund a response to Superstorm Sandy with an appropriation of $60 billion off budget. That is just going to keep happening, folks. Regions around the world are ex-periencing intense droughts, longer wildfire seasons, and water shortages and flooding, and sea levels are rising at twice the rate they were 20 years ago, threatening to cause destructive erosion, powerful storms, the contami-nation of agriculture, and lost habitat for wildlife. We have to make sure that Federal permitting and construction learns the lessons from these trends and these events and that we account for the ef-fect of rising seas, increased winds, and drought on the buildings and infra-structure that we approve and build. We have to build resiliency into Fed-eral decisionmaking, not dodge the question. A bipartisan Bloomberg re-port estimated that, if we do not ad-dress climate change, between $66 bil-lion and $106 billion worth of coastal property in the United States will be below sea level by 2050. Third, we need to bring our Federal practices into line with what is already happening outside of the United States Congress, the only entity in the world with its collective head in the sand on the reality of climate change. There are 175 countries that are on board. That is how many signed the historic Paris Agreement on the first day it was open for signature. There are 154 companies that are on board with Paris, and businesses across the country have committed to putting forward climate targets by reducing carbon emissions and becoming more energy efficient. PepsiCo, Apple, Qualcomm, Nestle, Kellogg’s, and Starbucks are among the private businesses that have in-cluded sustainability and alternative energy as smart business practice, and the Department of Defense, our own military, is on board, acting now to ad-dress the impacts of climate change. In January, the Pentagon released a directive stating: 
The Department of Defense must be able to adapt current and future operations to ad-dress the impacts of climate change in order to maintain an effective and efficient United States military. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s take a cue from the rest of the world, the American pri-vate sector, and the Pentagon and con-sider climate change in permitting and siting. For some of my colleagues on the other side, the politics of simple facts may be frightening, but U.S. leadership to curb climate change is not about politics or ideology. It is about security, ensuring the health of our citizens and of our fami-lies, and seizing the unprecedented eco-nomic opportunity of the clean energy revolution. The stakes of climate change have never been higher. The time to act is now. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-ervation of a point of order is with-drawn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.020 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3208 May 25, 2016 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s mo-tion to commit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes in opposition to the mo-tion to commit. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the main objection here and the basis of the motion to commit relates to cli-mate change. Contrary to the gentle-man’s statement that the House does not recognize climate change, all of us recognize that the climate is changing. We do, however, have some signifi-cant differences with the President of the United States and with some other Members of the House and Senate in that we, many people, do not believe that climate change is the number one issue facing mankind. There are many other issues as well. The United States does not have to take a backseat to anyone on this issue. The Congressional Research Service recently reported that over 18 Federal agencies are already admin-istering climate change programs. There are over 67 individual climate change programs in the Federal Gov-ernment. We are already spending in excess of $15 billion a year on climate change. One of the problems that we have is that the President has been acting uni-laterally on this issue. He went to Co-penhagen and made agreements. He went to Paris and unilaterally entered the United States into an agreement without there being any consultation with the U.S. Congress, without dis-cussing it with U.S. Congress on what he was agreeing to. He used that agree-ment in order to have the EPA issue its Clean Power Plan. In the Clean Power Plan, the EPA ar-bitrarily sets CO
2limits for every State in America and each State would have had to have had its State imple-mentation plan adopted by this Sep-tember except that, since Congress was not involved and since many people throughout the country were vitally concerned about this unilateral action, they took the only thing available to them, and that was to file a lawsuit to stop it. What happened? It went all the way to the United States Supreme Court. I might add that the Supreme Court issued an injunction to prohibit the im-plementation of the President’s clean energy plan until there could be fur-ther discussion about it. I might also say that Congress had many hearings on the clean energy plan. That was our only involvement. We certainly were not a part of the plan. It was interesting that a pro-fessor from Harvard University who is generally considered pretty liberal and who taught the President constitu-tional law came to Congress and testi-fied that the President’s clean energy plan, to use not the President’s words, but the professor’s words, ‘‘was like tearing up the Constitution and throw-ing it away.’’ We agree that climate change is an issue. We simply disagree with this President’s unilateral action in trying to decide the way it is addressed. We are amending the Senate bill be-cause we want to use some common-sense approaches so that we can con-tinue to bring down CO2emissions. We can also allow our economy to expand, to create jobs, and we don’t have to take a backseat to any country in the world. The U.S. is doing as much as any country in the world on climate change. I might also say that we expect that our carbon dioxide emissions will re-main below our 2005 levels through the year 2040. Now, if you look at India, if you look at China, if you look at many developing countries and even at parts of Europe, they do not meet that standard. Let’s be pragmatic. Let’s use com-mon sense. That is precisely what we attempt to do with our amendments to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Moderniza-tion Act of 2016. I would respectfully request that we deny this motion to commit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1545 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to commit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to commit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
CLARIFYING CONGRESSIONAL IN-TENT IN PROVIDING FOR DC HOME RULE ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 744, I call up the bill (H.R. 5233) to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respec-tive roles of the District government and Congress in the local budget proc-ess of the District government, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk will report the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 744, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5233 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016’’. SEC. 2. REPEAL OF LOCAL BUDGET AUTONOMY AMENDMENT ACT OF 2012. 
Effective with respect to fiscal year 2013 and each succeeding fiscal year, the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012 (D.C. Law 19–321) is hereby repealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such Act shall be restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted into law. 
SEC. 3. CLARIFICATION OF ROLES OF DISTRICT GOVERNMENT AND CONGRESS IN LOCAL BUDGET PROCESS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF APPLICATION OF FED-
ERAL APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS TO GENERAL  F
UND.—Section 450 of the District of Colum-bia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.50, D.C. Official Code) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The General Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGEN-
ERAL .—The General Fund’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION OF FEDERAL APPROPRIA -
TIONS PROCESS .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as creating a continuing appro-priation of the General Fund described in subsection (a). All funds provided for the Dis-trict of Columbia shall be appropriated on an annual fiscal year basis through the Federal appropriations process. For each fiscal year, the District shall be subject to all applicable requirements of subchapter III of chapter 13 and subchapter II of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Anti-Deficiency Act’), the Budget and Ac-counting Act of 1921, and all other require-ments and restrictions applicable to appro-priations for such fiscal year.’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON AU-
THORITY OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TOCHANGE  E
XISTING BUDGET PROCESS LAWS.—Section 603(a) of such Act (sec. 1–206.03(a), D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘existing’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘, or as authorizing the District of Columbia to make any such change.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 5233. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to start, Mr. Speaker, by thanking the Delegate from the Dis-trict of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). She pours her heart and soul into her pas-sion for this country and certainly for the District itself. We happen to dis-agree probably on this issue. We have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.052 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3209 May 25, 2016 
agreed on some issues, on some topics; and we disagree on others. But I just want to note, Mr. Speaker, how much I appreciate her passion, her commit-ment, and her desire to represent her constituents as vigorously as she does. I also thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) for in-troducing H.R. 5233, the Clarifying Con-gressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016, and his leader-ship on this issue. He is the sub-committee chairman who deals with this issue. He has spent a considerable amount of time working on this topic, working with city leaders, getting to know the city, and working with them. I appreciate his proactive approach and the manner in which he approaches this and his thoughtfulness on this sen-sitive but important topic. We are here today to discuss the bill that would do, just as the title says: clarify the congressional intent behind the D.C. Home Rule Act passed in 1974. First, a little bit of background about the need for this legislation. In December of 2012, the District of Co-lumbia Council disregarded clear limi-tations found in the Home Rule Act of 1973. In doing so, it passed the Local Budget Autonomy Act, or the LBAA, in an attempt to remove Congress from the District’s budgeting process. If the bill is implemented, it would allow the District government to ap-propriate money without the need for any Federal action. In doing so, the Council violated clear legislative au-thority granted to Congress by the Constitution. Article I, section 8, clause 17 of the Constitution gives Congress plenary authority over the District of Colum-bia. As with its other powers, Congress may delegate some of its authority to the local District government, which it did when it passed the Home Rule Act back in 1974. Absent the congressional delegation, the District has no legisla-tive power. As enacted more than 40 years ago, the Home Rule Act was designed to allow the District to self-govern on truly local matters. At the same time, Home Rule preserved a necessary role of Congress in matters that could af-fect the Federal Government, including congressional authority over the Dis-trict’s overall budget. The LBAA, how-ever, violates the Home Rule Act and removes Congress from the District’s budgeting process. Today’s legislation clarifies the original intent behind the Home Rule Act and reinforces the intent of Con-gress, our Founding Fathers, and the Constitution. Importantly, the language of the Home Rule Act makes it clear it is not authorizing the District authority over its budget. In fact, Mr. Jacques DePuy, then counsel to the House subcommittee that drafted the Home Rule Act, testi-fied this month at our committee. He said: ‘‘Congress did not intend to dele-gate the D.C. Council or District voters any authority over local revenues through the charter amendment or any other process.’’ And then it went on. His recollections are supported by the legislative history, particularly a dear colleague letter sent by then- Chairman Diggs. Chairman Diggs’ let-ter indicated the comprise language that became the Home Rule Act was drafted with the explicit intention of maintaining the congressional appro-priations process for the District funds. I believe Chairman Diggs’ letter leaves no confusion as to whether Con-gress intended to give the District budget autonomy in the Home Rule Act. Therefore, it is clear the District acted beyond its own authority to grant itself budget authority. Today’s legislation will clarify the original intent of the Home Rule Act and address any pending legal ques-tions currently working their way through the courts. H.R. 5233 will make clear the Local Budget Autonomy Act of 2012 is not le-gally valid and will ensure the congres-sional intent behind the Home Rule Act is preserved. It will also prevent a potential violation of the Antideficiency Act protecting District government employees from adminis-trative and criminal penalties. Ultimately, the unilateral action, as taken by the District in this instance, to subsume congressional authority is unacceptable. H.R. 5233 recognizes this need for exclusive congressional au-thority and stewardship. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to support the bill and place budget au-thority for the District firmly back in the hands of Congress, the sole place where it was intended to be located. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am happy to speak of my friendship with the chairman of our full com-mittee, and I thank him for his kind words. I only hope he will come to where the two past immediate Repub-lican chairs of the committee—former- Chairman Davis and former-Chairman D
ARRELL ISSA—have come and, that is, to support budget autonomy for the District of Columbia. I rise in strong opposition to this bill. This bill, that would repeal a law approved by 83 percent of the District of Columbia voters, would nullify a court ruling and would permanently take away the authority of the 700,000 D.C. citizens and their elected officials to spend their local funds without con-gressional approval. This bill manages to be unprincipled and impractical at the same time. It is profoundly undemocratic for any Mem-ber of Congress in the 21st century to declare that he has authority over any other jurisdiction except his own. It also would harm the finances and oper-ations of the District of Columbia. As a matter of fact, the District of Columbia Budget Autonomy Act is al-ready in effect. The District Council has begun the process of passing its first local budget without the assist-ance of Federal overseers. Therefore, this bill would be the most significant reduction in the District’s authority to govern itself since Congress granted the District limited home rule in 1973. Now, as a lawyer myself, I am the first to concede that lawyers differ about the validity of the Budget Au-tonomy Act, even when the District was in the process of enacting it. What is indisputable, though, Mr. Speaker, is that the Budget Autonomy Act is now law; the Budget Autonomy Act has been litigated; and there is only one judicial opinion in effect. In March, the D.C. Superior Court upheld the Budget Autonomy Act. Do you believe in the rule of law? It upheld the Budget Autonomy Act. No appeal was filed, and the court ordered D.C. officials to implement it. The Superior Court of the District of Columbia then evaluated each and every legal and constitutional argu-ment you will hear brought forward today about whether the Budget Au-tonomy Act violates the U.S. Constitu-tion, the District of Columbia Home Rule Act, the Federal Antideficiency Act, and the Federal Budget and Ac-counting Act. All of that, every last one of it, every last provision has been litigated. The House leadership made the very same arguments in an amicus brief they filed. There are a whole gang of Members anxious to see that this one jurisdiction can’t handle its own money. The court, nevertheless, found—indeed, disposed of—all of these arguments. Specifically, the court upheld the Budget Autonomy Act and held that the Home Rule Act preserved the then- existing 1973 budget process, but did not—and this is essential here—did not prohibit the District from changing the local process in the future. The charter does not. The charter is like the Con-stitution. Congress knew how to say: Don’t change budget matters discussed in this document. It did not do so. So it had to be interpreted, and it was inter-preted by the District. The Senate of the United States, at the time of the Home Rule Act, passed budget autonomy for the District of Columbia. So you can cite the Diggs Compromise all you want to. The com-promise was that budget control now is in the hands of the Congress. But you will note they have left room in the charter for budget control to come from the District. That was the com-promise. There was no compromise that said that the District can never have any jurisdiction, any final say, over its local budget. This is, after all, the country that went to war over taxation without rep-resentation. Imagine saying: you folks, you can raise all the money you want to; but it doesn’t mean anything unless the Congress of the United States passes your budget. The District followed the charter procedure that was in the Diggs budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.058 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3210 May 25, 2016 
to pass the Budget Autonomy Act. And as the court noted, Congress had the authority to pass a disapproval resolu-tion while the referendum was in the Congress for 30 days but this Congress did not disapprove it. The Federal courts also have evalu-ated the validity of the Budget Auton-omy Act. A Federal district court, in-deed, did find the act to be invalid. But then look at what the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia did. After receiving briefs, reading them hopefully and hearing oral argu-ment, the higher court, the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, vacated the district court decision al-together, meaning that that initial de-cision against the Budget Autonomy Act had no force or effect. b1600 Instead of issuing a decision on the merits or sending the case back to the lower Federal court, the Federal ap-peals court, without explanation, sim-ply remanded the case to the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, which then issued the only existing court ruling on the validity of the D.C. Budget Autonomy Act. Is there a rational reason for opposi-tion to budget autonomy? After all, budget autonomy is not statehood, it is not independence, it doesn’t take away any of your much- vaunted power. The D.C. budget auton-omy act has no effect, indeed, on con-gressional authority over the District. Under the Budget Autonomy Act, the D.C. Council must transmit the local D.C. budget to Congress for a review period before that budget would take effect, like all other D.C. legislation under the Home Rule Act, and that is about to happen, as I speak. During the review period Congress can use expe-dited procedures to disapprove the budget. You see, what the District was doing here was not committing revolution. It was using the procedures in place in order to gain greater control over its own local budget. In addition, under the U.S. Constitution, Congress has total legislative authority over the District. Congress can legislate on any District matter at any time, but Con-gress can also delegate any or all of its legislative authority over the District, and it can take back any delegated au-thority at any time. In 1973, under the Home Rule Act, Congress did just that. It delegated most of its authority, its legislative authority over the District to an elect-ed local government. Congress can del-egate more or it can delegate less au-thority than provided in the Home Rule Act. It can repeal the Home Rule Act at any time. It can even abolish the government of the District of Co-lumbia. My friends, I ask you: Is that enough authority for you? Over 700,000 Amer-ican citizens who are not your con-stituents, is that enough for you? Is that enough power? Why is that not enough to satisfy any Congress of the United States? Until this Congress, Democrats were not alone in supporting budget auton-omy. President George W. Bush sup-ported D.C. budget autonomy. The Re-publican-controlled Senate passed a budget autonomy bill by unanimous consent in 2003. The last two Repub-lican chairmen, of whom I spoke today as I began to speak myself, who had the jurisdiction that Chairman C
HAFFETZ now has—Tom Davis and D
ARRELL ISSA—actually fought for, not simply supported, but fought for budg-et autonomy. I think they recognized that this is a set of principles we have in common. I always thought that local control was a cardinal principle of the Repub-lican Party. Even the Republicans’ own witnesses at the hearing on this bill who took a position on the policy of budget autonomy—and that was most of them—supported budget action. Control over the dollars raised by local taxpayers is a much-cited prin-ciple of congressional Republicans, and it happens to be central to our form of government as held by Democrats and Republicans. The exalted status of local control for Republicans, though, keeps being announced as if we need to be retaught. The Republicans did so again in their recently released budget. I quote you only one sentence: ‘‘We are humble enough,’’ Republicans said, ‘‘to admit that the Federal Government does not have all the answers.’’ That was their latest abeyance to local control for every single American jurisdiction, ex-cept the American jurisdiction that happens to be the capital of the United States. Beyond this core principle, budget autonomy has practical benefits that I don’t see how any Member of Congress can ignore. In a recent amicus brief filed by former Congressman Davis: ‘‘The benefits of budget autonomy for the District are numerous, real, and much needed. There is no drawback.’’ One of the other signatories of the brief was Alice Rivlin, a former Direc-tor of the Congressional Budget Office, also a former Director of the White House Office of Management and Budg-et. It is with some irony and real pain that I see come to this floor even to speak against this bill Members whose budgets are not as large as the budget of the District of Columbia, even though they come from entire, big States. The District’s budget is bigger than the budgets of 14 States. We raise that money ourselves. The District raises more than $7 billion in local funds. The District contributes more Federal taxes to the Treasury of the United States than 22 States. The Dis-trict of Columbia is number one in fed-eral taxes per capita paid to the Fed-eral Government, and the District is in better financial shape than most cities and States in the United States, with a rainy day fund of $2.17 billion on a total budget of $13.4 billion. Budget au-tonomy will make the District—which, after all, has no State to fall back on— even stronger. How? Budget autonomy gives the District what every other local government in the United States enjoys: lower bor-rowing costs on Wall Street. Imagine having to do what the District has to do: pay a penalty because your budget has to come to a Congress that knows nothing of your city or your budget, and they get to vote on it even though your own Member does not. D.C. will also have improved agency operations, and in D.C.’s case, the removal of the threat of Federal Government shut-downs, shutting down the entire D.C. government just because Members of Congress can’t figure out what to do about the Federal Government. The Federal Government has benefits, too. Congress would no longer waste time on a budget it never amends. So budget autonomy has no down-side. I am trying to figure out why anybody would want to deal with my budget. Heavens. Don’t Members have enough to do? Congress maintains total legislative control over the District, with all the Federal financial controls in place. Congress has nothing to lose, can step in at anytime they don’t like it. We are not asking for very much. It is for some loosening of Congressional con-trol. So, for example, we would not have to pay more when we borrow on Wall Street because we are seen as in-volved in a two-step budgetary process; one, I might add, that is far more prob-lematic, the Federal process, than the other, the local process. It also is iron-ic to note that Congress granted D.C. budget autonomy during its early years. Yesterday the Committee on Rules prevented my amendment to make the text of the Budget Autonomy Act Fed-eral law from getting a vote. Today the appropriations subcommittee passed an appropriation rider containing the text of the very bill that is before us on this floor right now. That makes 2 days, 2 identical provisions. Just in case—just in case anybody would think that Re-publicans don’t mean it, they are doing it twice. What do they need? An insurance pol-icy of identical language in case, God forbid, the Senate does not pass this bill? I predict that the Senate won’t pass this bill. So it is on you, Members of the House of Representatives, the peo-ple’s House, to take the lead in denying for the people who live in your Nation’s Capital the same control over their local budget that you, yourselves, hold so dear. You can stand on what you do today, but you won’t stand up straight because what you do today, if you vote to take away our budget autonomy bill, will not be standing on principle. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:27 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.076 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3211 May 25, 2016 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ), the chief sponsor of this bill. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Utah, Chairman C
HAFFETZ , for his strong statement in support of H.R. 5233, the Clarifying Congressional In-tent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. As we begin debate on this important bill, I would like to first take the op-portunity to reiterate that I firmly be-lieve that the Local Budget Autonomy Act is, indeed, unlawful and null and void. The Home Rule Act clearly pro-vides that the District’s budget shall pass through the Federal appropria-tions process, preserving Congress’ role in the passage of that budget. However, because of the precedent that allowing the District to usurp the congressional authority may set, and the potential negative consequences that the District government employ-ees may face for enforcing the Local Budget Autonomy Act, I have intro-duced H.R. 5233. I would further say that my good friend, the Delegate from the District of Columbia, Ms. E
LEANOR HOLMES  N
ORTON , indeed is a friend, and I appre-ciate her passionate way that she al-ways represents her constituency. While we disagree on the debate and the merits of that debate, I can’t help but acknowledge my friendship with her and, truly, her passion for the peo-ple who she serves. H.R. 5233 will repeal the Local Budg-et Autonomy Act and reinforce Con-gress’ intended role in the budgetary process. As many of you know, Con-gress was granted that exclusive legis-lative authority over the District in Article 1, section 8, clause 17. This ex-clusive authority was explained further in the Federalist 43 as being a crucial component in keeping the Federal Gov-ernment free from potential influence by any State housing the government’s seat. There was a distinct worry that plac-ing the seat of the Federal Government in a territory where Congress was not the sole sovereign would, indeed, im-pact its integrity. Therefore, the Founding Fathers saw fit to authorize Congress to create the District and act as the sole legislative authority for the District. As seen in Federalist 43, the Found-ing Fathers believed that Congress would delegate some of those exclusive authorities to the District, specifically the power to deal with solely local matters. In 1973, Congress made a deci-sion to enact such legislation when they passed the Home Rule Act. b1615 In that act, Congress provided the District with the authority to have the jurisdiction over legislative matters on a limited basis. But—and this is a criti-cally important point—Congress re-served for itself, and prohibited the District from altering, the role of Con-gress in the budgetary process. There can be little doubt that Con-gress intended to reserve that power for itself. The language of the Home Rule Act itself is clear. Both the former and the current attorney gen-eral for the District, as well as the former Mayor, believe the Local Budg-et Autonomy Act to be unlawful and contrary to the Home Rule Act. Mr. Irvin Nathan, the former attor-ney general, testified before the House Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform that numerous sections of the Home Rule Act prohibit the Dis-trict’s action. Mr. Nathan, who supports the policy, as my good friend acknowledged, who actually supports the policy of budget autonomy, even stated that he believed the Federal District Court’s opinion in-validating the Local Budget Autonomy Act was, indeed, a correct opinion. Beyond the clear language, the legis-lative history makes it clear, Mr. Speaker, that Congress had no intent to delegate to the District the author-ity for the budgetary process. In fact, Mr. Jacques DePuy, who participated in the drafting of the Home Rule Act itself, made it clear in testimony be-fore Congress that, indeed, Congress did not intend to delegate the appro-priations powers to the District. The legislative record of the Home Rule Act supports Mr. DePuy. One such piece of the record is, in-deed, the Diggs letter, which the chair-man referenced earlier, that was issued by Chairman Charles Diggs. The letter describes how it was clarifying the in-tent of Congress by making several changes, including reserving Congress’ role in the budgetary process. The Diggs letter highlighted a piv-otal aspect of the congressional intent in the Home Rule Act. It represents a compromise in response to the Senate’s Home Rule Act, which actually in-cluded a form of budget autonomy. The compromise does not indicate that Congress intended to grant the District budget autonomy. To the con-trary, what the Diggs compromise rep-resents is that there could be no Home Rule Act, absent an express reservation of the role of Congress in the District’s budget process. I believe there can be no stronger statement that Congress intended to reserve its appropriation role than the fact that the Home Rule Act would have failed, absent that reservation. Importantly, both of these men, Mr. Irvin and Mr. DePuy, who support budget autonomy further believe that the District’s action is illegal and, therefore, null and void. I want to be clear on this. We are not here today to make a power grab against the District, as some would suggest. We are here, Mr. Speaker, to uphold the rule of law. At the committee’s hearing, even the chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia was forced to acknowledge that it was clear that the majority of the Members of Congress who passed the Home Rule Act intended to reserve the complete appropriations for Con-gress. Again, another individual who supports budget autonomy recognizes the intent of Congress. So, in moving ahead with the Local Budget Autonomy Act, the District government is usurping congressional authority, and inaction would under-mine not only this institution, but all organs of government across this Na-tion. To suggest that any city council’s ac-tion, whether it be here in the District or in any other city in the country, could unilaterally overturn the intent of Congress would set a bad precedent. Regardless of the precedent, however, such action by local government is a blatant violation of the Supremacy Clause and, therefore, unconstitu-tional. Moreover, as a result of the unlawful way in which the budget autonomy is purported to have been achieved, Dis-trict government employees are now at risk of the Antideficiency Act and the sanctions therein. Under the Antideficiency Act, absent a congressional appropriation, the Dis-trict may not expend or obligate funds. Doing so will result in potential crimi-nal or administrative penalties for not only the District’s elected officials, but the line level employees charged with purchasing items for the District. The GAO testified that they main-tain that the Local Budget Autonomy Act violates the Home Rule Act and the Antideficiency Act, despite the su-perior court’s decision. H.R. 5233 would repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Act and prevent the District government employees from having to worry that the purchases they make on behalf of the District may indeed violate the law. H.R. 5233 will also augment the al-ready clear prohibitions on the District in altering the role of Congress in the budget process, ensuring that Congress’ intent and constitutional authority, Mr. Speaker, remains in place. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ) the Democratic Whip and my good friend from a neighboring jurisdiction. (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I thank the gentleman from North Caro-lina for outlining his position. We are a nation of laws. The gen-tleman has indicated a court has ruled on this issue—an opinion with which he disagrees—and we have a mechanism for overturning or clarifying or chang-ing such a ruling, and that is the court system. That case may well reach the Supreme Court. I rise in opposition to this piece of legislation, which, in my opinion, is an exercise in hypocrisy. Why do I say that? That can be a harsh word. We are witnessing the party that proclaims itself to be the champion of local au-tonomy and less Federal Government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:27 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.059 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3212 May 25, 2016 
involvement in local affairs—we hear that all the time—bring to this floor legislation that would do exactly the opposite. The District of Columbia’s over 700,000 American citizens deserve a form of home rule not characterized by constant and intrusive micromanaging by congressional Republicans or Demo-crats. Now, if I were to ask unanimous con-sent that we substitute the District of Columbia and perhaps include Mil-waukee, Wisconsin—now, I am not going to ask for that—I am sure I would get objection. Or, if I might ask that Salt Lake City be substituted or perhaps even Baltimore, Maryland, my own city in my State, or maybe even Charlotte, North Carolina, those of us who represent those four cities would stand and say: This is not your role, Congress of the United States. Speaker R
YAN just released a state-ment in which he said: ‘‘The current D.C. government needs to be reined in.’’ From where? From balanced budgets? From surpluses in their budgets? Reined in? They are a model, I would suggest, of fiscal responsibility. Not al-ways, but today. But then again, none of our jurisdictions have always been such a model. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. I would say to the Speaker, in response, quite the oppo-site. The government and the people of the District of Columbia need to be al-lowed to chart their own course, which is what I think most of you say on a regular basis. It is a mystery to me—and ought to be a mystery to every American who believes in the premise that people ought to govern themselves—why House Republicans are determined to strip that ability from the 700,000 Americans who live in our Nation’s Capital. They pay taxes. They pay taxes to their local government. And we want to make that decision. I understand what the court has said and that courts may rule that way, but shouldn’t we have the patience to let the court system decide whether or not this referendum of the people of the District of Columbia is adjudged to be appropriate? The locally raised reve-nues from taxes and fees do not origi-nate from the Federal Government, but from the hardworking residents of Washington. The District of Columbia has proven Congress’ wisdom in enacting the 1973 D.C. Home Rule Act time and again by managing its affairs in a fiscally re-sponsible, democratic way. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. HOYER. The gentleman is very generous, and I appreciate it. I would say to my friends, the Dis-trict of Columbia deserves the same re-spect that any of our governments de-serve and that, in fact, we demand for them. And I always lament how the District is demeaned. When I was the majority leader, I made sure that Ms. NORTON had a vote on the floor of this House and that the Virgin Islands’ Representative had a vote on the floor of this House. One of the first things you did when you took the majority was take that away. It was not a vote that made a dif-ference. It was a vote that was sym-bolic. But it gave them the opportunity to have their name as our equals, as Americans, on that board and express their opinion. Let us not take this degree of auton-omy away from them. Let us respect these local citizens as you would want your local citizens respected. I urge the defeat of this legislation. If the courts tell us that they could not do this, so be it, but let us let the sys-tem work its will. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill, which is an exercise in Republican hypocrisy. We are witnessing the party that proclaims itself to be a champion of local autonomy and less Federal Government involvement in local affairs bring to this floor legislation that would do exactly the opposite. The District of Columbia deserves a form of home rule not characterized by constant and intrusive micromanaging by congressional Re-publicans. Speaker Ryan just released a statement in which he said—and I quote: ‘‘The current D.C. Government needs to be reined in.’’ I would say to the Speaker in response: Quite the opposite; the government and peo-ple of the District of Columbia need to be al-lowed to chart their own course. It is a mystery to me—and ought to be a mystery to every American who believes in the premise that people ought to govern them-selves—Why House Republicans are deter-mined to strip that ability away from the 670,000 Americans who live in our Nation’s Capital. The locally raised revenues from taxes and fees do not originate from the Federal Govern-ment but from hardworking residents of Wash-ington. The District of Columbia has proven Congress’s wisdom in enacting the 1973 D.C. Home Rule Act time and again by managing its affairs in a fiscally responsible, democratic way. That is what this bill is, Mr. Speaker—a re-minder to the people of this city that they re-main unrepresented in this House and a Fed-eral colony within a nation dedicated to de-mocracy and fair representation. When Democrats were in the majority, we worked to give District of Columbia residents a greater voice in the Committee of the Whole. And when Republicans took the majority, one of the first acts was taking this small but important democratic tool and indication of re-spect away from the District’s representative and the other representatives of our U.S. terri-tories. Now Republicans want to erode the District of Columbia’s hard-earned right to govern itself. I thank my friend the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. HOLMES NORTON , for her impassioned defense of Washingtonians’ unalienable right to have a say. And I will continue to stand with her to de-mand that right be recognized—and in seeking for the District of Columbia the real budget au-tonomy, home rule, and representation in Con-gress that its people deserve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I have no additional speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time does each side have remain-ing? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia has 8 minutes remaining. The gen-tleman from Utah has 1 minute re-maining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ), my very good friend. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Dis-trict of Columbia, and I thank all of the speakers here today for expressing their opinions. Today, I rise in support of retaining local budget autonomy for the District of Columbia and to express my strong opposition to H.R. 5233, Clarifying Con-gressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. Now, this partisan bill would repeal a District of Columbia referendum that allowed the District to implement its own local budget without affirmative congressional approval. While this bill passed the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on a party-line vote of 22–14, I would re-mind this body that the committee’s last four chairmen—including Repub-lican Chairmen, Representatives Tom Davis and D
ARRELL ISSA, who have studied and had substantial oversight over the D.C. government—each worked to give the District of Colum-bia budget autonomy. Now, some of my colleagues here may argue that the District of Colum-bia will loose its financial discipline under budget autonomy; however, this could not be further from the truth. Budget autonomy actually improves the operations and finances for the Dis-trict of Columbia government because the District would employ financial budget experts who are focused solely on the economic growth, fiscal sound-ness, and stability of the District, not Members of Congress intent on ideolog-ical posturing or voting on budgets of constituencies that are not their own, with Members of those districts or those jurisdictions prohibited from vot-ing on those measures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:27 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.060 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3213 May 25, 2016 
b1630 Autonomy would, in fact, lower bor-rowing costs, allow more accurate rev-enue and expenditure forecasts, im-prove agency operations and the re-moval of the threat that the Federal Government shutdowns would also shut down the District of Columbia’s gov-ernment. Congress also loses no authority under budget autonomy because this body can use expedited procedures dur-ing the 30-day review period or other measures that are in there. The U.S. Constitution also provides for Congress to retain authority to leg-islate any D.C. matter, including its local budget, at any time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. NORTON. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. PLASKETT. Now, I fear, when we leave the well-being of the District of Columbia to this body, this body seems to lack the will or fortitude to make equitable decisions for everyday people of this country or, more particu-larly, the historically disenfranchised people. This Congress seems intent on strip-ping away what little power those who don’t have a vote on this floor have been able to wring from the hands of the majority. It is my belief that Congress should stop wasting its time debating legisla-tion that continues to subjugate the District of Columbia to its authority and work on passing a Federal budget that would boost the economy of the entire American people. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Before I recognize the ranking mem-ber of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, I cannot help but note, when I listen to my friend, Ms. P
LASKETT , speak up for the District of Columbia, she, who comes from what is known as a territory, the Virgin Is-lands—isn’t it interesting—and I know she must understand it—that the Vir-gin Islands does not have to submit a budget to the Congress of the United States. I never have had to debate the gentlewoman’s budget here. I have never had to debate the gentlewoman’s legislation here. There is a unique denial here in the District of Columbia. That is one rea-son it is so roundly resented. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ), my good friend, the ranking member of the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee. Mr. CUMMINGS. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose this bill, which would repeal the District of Columbia’s Local Budget Autonomy Act and prohibit D.C. from passing such laws in the future. I do not believe there is a Member of Congress who would stand for the Fed-eral Government dictating the local budget of a city in his or her district, and D.C. should be treated no dif-ferently. Granting D.C. local budget autonomy is not only the right thing to do, it would also have significant financial benefits for the District, such as low-ering borrowing costs. It would also mean an end to the threat of a cutoff of D.C. municipal services in the event of a Federal Gov-ernment shutdown. I also want to express my disappoint-ment that some Members have threat-ened jail for D.C. employees who imple-ment the Autonomy Act. The threat is backwards. The only court ruling in ef-fect on this law upheld it and ordered all District employees to implement it. House Republicans have taken a re-grettable turn in their approach to D.C. home rule. The last four chairmen of the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee, including Repub-licans Tom Davis and DARRELL ISSA, sought to give the District more home rule and more budget autonomy, not less. Yet, in this Congress, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee has passed legislation to overturn a District law that prohibits employ-ment discriminating based on repro-ductive health decisions and launched an investigation into the District’s marijuana legalization initiative. This bill is not only unprincipled. It is sim-ply bad policy. The former counsel for the District of Columbia Committee and the major-ity’s own hearing witness said this: ‘‘It is the duly elected representatives for the citizens of the District of Columbia who should determine how taxpayer money is spent.’’ We hear a lot of rhetoric about de-volving authority to local govern-ments. Yet, this bill tramples on local government and the will of their local citizens. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to re-ject this bill. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to be clear about my motives and intentions. I find it curious when other Members try to prescribe my feelings and my approach to this issue. It is my belief, and support of this legislation is based on the Constitu-tion. It is that simple to me. Article I, section 8, clause 17, says: ‘‘To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases what-soever, over such District,’’ and it con-tinues on. The District of Columbia is more than just a local jurisdiction. It is more than just a local city. It is our Nation’s Capital. I think what the founders were in-tending to do was to understand and allow participation for Members all over this country in the affairs of the city. That was the intention, and that is what is in the Constitution. Don’t be confused or misled or allow anybody else to prescribe my motives and my motivation, my belief, in the District of Columbia because it is root-ed, first and foremost, in the Constitu-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains on both sides, please? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia has 2 minutes remaining. The gen-tleman from Utah has 13 minutes re-maining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Just as lawyers have disagreed about whether or not the District could pro-ceed with budget autonomy, lawyers have disagreed from the beginning of our Nation on what the Constitution says. I would take at his word what James Madison said in speaking of the Dis-trict of Columbia: ‘‘A municipal legis-lature for local purposes, derived from their own suffrages, will of course be allowed to them.’’ That is what, according to Madison, the Constitution said. Now, my friends have cited all man-ner of lawyers and their own views on whether this matter is legal or con-stitutional. They have even cited the interpretation of staff who helped draft the Home Rule Act. Well, we stand this afternoon on the only authoritative opinion, the opinion of the Superior Court and its court order. And I leave with you that order. 
Ordered that all members of the Council of the District of Columbia, Mayor Muriel E. Bowser, Chief Financial Officer, Jeffrey S. DeWitt, their successors in office, and all of-ficers, agents, servants, employees, and all persons in active concert or participation with the Government of the District of Co-lumbia shall forthwith enforce all provisions of the Local Budget Autonomy Act of 2012. 
That is the law. Respect the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of H.R. 5233. I am proud of the fact that, in the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee, we had a hearing, we had a proper markup, and we are bring-ing it here to the floor today for all Members to vote on. I would urge my colleagues to adhere to the Constitution. Do what the Con-stitution says and support the bill, H.R. 5233. I want to thank again Mr. M
EADOWS  for his work and leadership on this and getting us to this point. I urge its pas-sage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 5233, the Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. The legislation seeks to overturn a local statute in Washington, D.C., the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, a meas-ure that was passed by the Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.063 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3214 May 25, 2016 
City Council, approved by the Mayor, and sub-sequently ratified by D.C. voters by ballot ini-tiative with an overwhelming 83 percent of the vote. The Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, the BAA, gave the District of Co-lumbia authority to determine its own budget without getting approval from Congress. H.R. 5233 removes this authority and prohibits D.C. from passing any budget autonomy legislation in the future. Washington, D.C. voters want budget auton-omy. Washington D.C. voters deserve budget autonomy. They have already voted for it, passed it, and ratified it. When it was chal-lenged by the Government Accountability Of-fice (GAO), the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and the D.C. Supe-rior Court upheld its validity. This should be a done deal. But instead of focusing on the critical issues facing this body—passing a budget for in-stance, which we were required by law to do last month—the House of Representatives has decided to focus on this. I remind those here today and watching at home that Washington D.C. is a Federal Dis-trict. Congress maintains the power to over-turn laws approved by the D.C. Council and can vote to impose laws on the district, as it is trying to do right with this particular meas-ure. Washington D.C.’s Delegate to the House of Representatives, my good friend E
LEANOR  H
OLMES NORTON , who has served in this body for 24 years, is not permitted to vote on final passage of any legislation, let alone legislation directly intended to govern the jurisdiction which she was elected to serve. Congresswoman N
ORTON described the measure in question as ‘‘the most significant abuse of congressional authority over the Dis-trict of Columbia since passage of the Home Rule Act in 1973.’’ One might hope that Congress would con-sider the wishes of the sole Representative of Washington, D.C. and the nearly 700,000 resi-dents of the District. But, as we see today, that simply isn’t the case. Congress is currently undergoing its own appropriations process, and I need not remind everyone here that Republicans haven’t even passed a budget. We have missed deadline after deadline and are now moving ahead without setting a budget at all. How can any-one tell me that the District of Columbia should yield to the budgetary wisdom of the House Majority when they can’t even get their own act together to pass a budget? The issue of Home Rule has come up be-fore in this body. In recent years, House Re-publicans have challenged the District of Co-lumbia on issues ranging from the legalization of marijuana, access to reproductive health care, and charter schools, in all three in-stances forcing their will over the desires of the residents of D.C. This needs to stop. Given the numerous pressing and time-sen-sitive matters facing this body, I can’t help but feel bewildered as to why we are spending our time on this measure. What is more confusing is our current efforts to undo a measure that was passed by an overwhelming majority of D.C. residents and subsequently upheld in the courts. Meanwhile, Republicans continue to ignore our nation’s crumbling infrastructure, income inequality, the need for jobs, immigration re-form, and sensible gun control, not to mention the Federal budget, yet we are debating a measure that would further roll-back the clock on the rights of D.C. residents. Where are our priorities? Let me put it another way—why should Congressional dysfunction keep the District government from using tax revenues paid by District residents to pick up trash? Why should Congressional dysfunction keep the District from spending its own money on its own prior-ities? I will note that Representatives Tom Davis and DARRELL ISSA, both members of the Ma-jority and former Chairmen of the House Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform each supported the idea of budget autonomy for Washington, D.C. Budget autonomy means lower borrowing costs and more accurate revenue and expend-iture forecasts. It means improved government operations and removing the threat of govern-ment shutdown for Washington, D.C.’s local government. It means streamlining Congres-sional operations. Most importantly, it means giving residents of Washington, D.C., the right to make decisions for themselves. These are all things we should all be over-whelmingly support of. We should move on and focus on the real issues before us. It is past time for Congress to get out of the way of the will of the residents of D.C. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I submit the fol-lowing: 
MAY25, 2016. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives. Hon. H
ARRY REID, Democratic Leader, U.S. Senate. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , D
EMOCRATIC LEADER REID, SPEAKER RYAN, 
ANDDEMOCRATIC LEADER PELOSI : This week, the House of Representatives is voting on H.R. 5233, the Clarifying Congressional In-tent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. I strongly oppose this legislation as well as any effort to overturn the District of Columbia’s budget autonomy law with a rider to any appropriations bill. Budget autonomy was approved by the vot-ers and upheld in the courts. I have proposed our 21st consecutive balanced budget in ac-cordance with the prevailing law and I ex-pect the Council of the District of Columbia to do the same. As is the case with all DC laws, the approved 2017 DC budget will be submitted to Congress for passive review. The American people expect their congres-sional representatives to focus on the issues affecting our nation—safety and security, fair wages, and growing the middle class— not on the local budget of DC. The District has a strong track record of administering our government finances re-sponsibly. We have passed and implemented a balanced budget every year for the last 21 years and our General Fund balance—which currently stands at $2.17 billion—is the envy of other jurisdictions. Our bond rating is AA by S&P and Fitch and Aa1 by Moody’s as a result of the District’s strong, institutional-ized and disciplined financial management and long track record of balanced budgets and clean audits. Our debt obligations re-main within the 12 percent limit of total General Fund expenditures and the District’s pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plan (OPEB) remain well-funded. The vast majority of the District of Colum-bia’s budget is locally-generated revenue (such as property and sales taxes) or federal grant funds received in the same manner as any other state. In fact, the vast majority of our $13.4 billion budget is raised locally. In recent years, only about one percent, or about $130 million, has been a direct federal payment to the District, and that amount re-mains subject to active appropriation by Congress. About 25 percent of our budget, or $3.3 billion, is federal grants and Medicaid payments that are made to every other state. The District of Columbia operates as a state, county, and city, administering fed-eral block grant programs, health and human services programs, transportation in-frastructure, homeland security services, and other governmental duties typically overseen by governors. It is time that Con-gress recognizes the District’s financial ma-turity and responsibility and allows us to ap-prove our own budget without first seeking a congressional appropriation. Budget autonomy also supports good gov-ernment by helping the District of Columbia plan its finances more efficiently. For in-stance, tying our budgeting process to the congressional appropriations process re-quires us to rely on outdated revenue and uncertain expenditure projections, which in turn results in more uncertainty and budget reprogramming. Also, Congress has not com-pleted its appropriations process on time since 1996. Without budget autonomy, each time congressional appropriations are de-layed, the finalization of the District’s budg-et is also delayed. If the District cannot spend its own locally-raised revenue (as oc-curred in 2013) by the start of the fiscal year, the operations of the District and the well- being of its residents are put at risk. Budget autonomy relieves us of this inefficiency and uncertainty. Budget autonomy will also improve our al-ready excellent bond ratings. The rating agencies are keenly interested in predict-ability. Tying the District’s budget to the congressional appropriations process hurts our credit rating which unjustly punishes District taxpayers who have no voting rep-resentation in either the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives or the U.S. Senate. Further, it is important to note that budg-et autonomy does not exclude Congress from the District’s budget approval process. Each annual budget for the District of Columbia will be submitted to Congress for a 30-day pe-riod of review under the Home Rule Act. During that time period (and, for that mat-ter, even after that time period), Congress is able to reject the District’s budget or modify it as Congress sees fit. Budget autonomy does not mean that Congress no longer has a say in the District’s budget. It just means that we have a more efficient and productive way of passing our budget and thus a more efficient and productive way to serve the residents, visitors, and businesses in the Dis-trict. With the move to pass H.R. 5233, Congress is unnecessarily restricting local govern-ment control and further denying democracy to the residents of the District of Columbia. I ask for your support in putting aside any attempts to overturn local control of our budget and our ability to operate our govern-ment more efficiently. Sincerely, M
URIEL BOWSER , Mayor. 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF  C
OLUMBIA CIVILDIVISION  Council of the District of Columbia, Plain-tiff, and Muriel E. Bowser, in her official ca-pacity as Mayor of the District of Columbia, Intervenor-Plaintiff, v. Jeffrey S. DeWitt, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:27 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.021 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3215 May 25, 2016 
his official capacity as Chief Financial Offi-cer of the District of Columbia, Defendant. Case No. 2014 CA 2371 B, Calendar 12, Judge Brian F. Holeman. 
ORDER OF JUDGMENT  Upon consideration of the Omnibus Order of March 18, 2016, it is on this 18th day of March 2016, hereby ORDERED, that Judgment is entered in favor of Plaintiff Council of the District of Columbia and Intervenor-Plaintiff Muriel E. Bowser, in her official capacity as Mayor of the District of Columbia and against Defend-ant Jeffrey S. DeWitt, in his official capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia; and it is further ORDERED, that all members of the Coun-cil of the District of Columbia, Mayor Muriel E. Bowser, Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey S. DeWitt, their successors in office, and all of-ficers, agents, servants, employees, and all persons in active concert or participation with the Government of the District of Co-lumbia SHALL FORTHWITH enforce all pro-visions of the Local Budget Autonomy Act of 2012. B
RIAN F. H OLEMAN , Judge. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 744, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. CONNOLLY. I am in its current form. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Connolly moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5233 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: In section 2 of the bill— (1) strike ‘‘Effective with respect to fiscal year 2013’’ and insert ‘‘(a) R
EPEAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), effective with respect to fiscal year 2013’’; and (2) add at the end the following new sub-section: (b) E
XCEPTION FOR USE OF LOCAL FUNDS TO  P
REVENT AND TREAT ZIKA.—The Local Budg-et Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to-gether with any applicable provision of law amended or repealed by such Act, shall re-main in effect with respect to the use of local funds by the District of Columbia gov-ernment to prevent and treat the Zika virus. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I have listened with great, rapt attention this afternoon to my friends, Mr. C
HAFFETZ  and Mr. M
EADOWS , who have gone on eloquently about protecting the Con-stitution of the United States at, of course, the collateral expense of the people of the District of Columbia. They cite the Constitution as if the Constitution and the Founders who wrote it were fully cognizant of the evolution that was going to take place in the District of Columbia when we know, as a historical fact, the Con-stitution was actually written before there was a District of Columbia, let alone almost 700,000 American citizens still denied voting representation in this body today. In fact, that very Constitution my friends cite protected slavery, decided that certain people of color were only worth three-fifths of the normal mor-tal, but allowed the South to count them for the purposes of representation in this body. The same Constitution. We changed it. We took cognizance of changes in reality. The fact that you exercise your will over an entire city just because you can does not make it right or noble. In fact, if we follow the logic of my friends on the other side of the aisle, why not just take over the day-to-day mechanics of running the government of the city? So let’s do rezoning. Let’s do emer-gency preparedness. Let’s run the po-lice department. Let’s run the EMT and the fire department. Let’s take over mental health facilities and human services. Why go only halfway? Why go only halfway? I am curious. What is it about the budget that is so sacred? All the rest you are going to let go. This final amendment, Mr. Speaker, will preserve a small modicum of the District’s control over local taxpayer dollars to prevent and treat the emerg-ing threat of Zika. If adopted, we can move to immediate final passage of the bill. Although we may disagree—and do— on the underlying purpose of the bill, surely we can agree on the seriousness of the Zika threat. There have already been 4 reported cases of travel-associ-ated Zika here in the District, 15 in the Commonwealth of Virginia, my home State, and 17 in Maryland. It may seem foreign to some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, but in the National Capital Re-gion, the two States, D.C., and the re-gion’s local governments actually have a rich tradition of working together, including in public health. Working through the Council of Gov-ernments, which I used to chair, our local and State partners regularly come together. The District of Colum-bia needs to be a full partner in those regional efforts so that it cannot be placed in a position of having to come to Congress to actually ask for permis-sion before spending its own local dol-lars on Zika prevention and education. b1645 I might add, it is not just the people of the District of Columbia who will be at risk if we are not addressing Zika in an efficacious way; it is the 12 million constituents, the people my friend from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) represents and that I represent who come to this city every year to visit the Nation’s Capital. Will we protect them? Or will we dither here in Con-gress? There is irony in that, isn’t there? Because we can’t get our own budget together. We can’t pass our own appro-priations bills, but we are going to sec-ond-guess the local government here in the District of Columbia because some-how we do it better? I don’t think there is a neutral observer who would con-clude that. But we are going to do it cloaked in the respectability of a constitutional argument that is, I believe, false and antiquated—not because the Constitu-tion is antiquated, but because what was known in the late 18th century at the time of the writing of the Constitu-tion is different today. Are we going to return to the planta-tion mentality Congress used to have with respect to the District of Colum-bia? Or are we actually going to act on principle here, not ideology? We are not going to fire up our base or the right-wing radio talk show hosts. We are actually going to do the right thing—the right thing for 700,000 fellow citizens—and let them have an ounce of decency with respect to their own self- determination. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I with-draw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from North Carolina is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, my friend opposite—and I say that in the most authentic and complete terms be-cause, indeed, the gentleman is my friend—raises a point of debate about the Constitution and the fact that ex-plicitly in the Constitution, our Found-ing Fathers reserved this particular au-thority in Article I, section 8, clause 17, which shows the wisdom of our Founding Fathers to anticipate what, indeed, we are debating here today. For many of the other arguments that my good friend has made in terms of what we need to change, there is the appropriate place for those changes to be made, and that is exactly what this debate has been about. It is about the rule of law; it is about the Constitu-tion; and it is about this institution being the proper place to make those determinations on behalf of the will of We the People. Now, the motion to recommit talks about Zika funding. And I might re-mind the gentleman that, indeed, in this very body within the last few days, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.024 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3216 May 25, 2016 
we have already passed funding to ad-dress the Zika virus’ potential healthcare concern; and, indeed, this is the correct body for us to do that. It is not the District of Columbia or any other municipality across the country. It is, indeed, this body, the role for this particular body that has been reserved constitutionally; and it has been that way since the very founding of this great country we all call home. I would also add that, as we start to look at this, the debate has been over local control. And when we start to see the debate that continues to play out, this particular issue was reserved in the Constitution, and it was solely that of Congress to have all legislative power over the District. Now, is that somehow inconsistent with the fact that we want to make sure that all control is local? It is not. Because as we look at that, we must, indeed, make sure that we stand up. And I would ask all of my colleagues to look at the very foundation of who we are as an institution, as Members of Congress. To allow the Budget Auton-omy Act to stand in place would not only usurp the authority—the congres-sional authority—that has been given to us in our Constitution but, indeed, it would undermine it for future Con-gresses to come. So it is with great humility, but also with great passion, that I would urge my colleagues to defeat the motion to recommit, knowing that we have al-ready addressed the particular funding requirement that the gentleman from Virginia brings up—defeat the motion to recommit, and support the under-lying bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, this 15-minute vote on adoption of the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered; adoption of the motion to commit on S. 2012; and passage of S. 2012, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 179, nays 239, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 247] YEAS—179 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NAYS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—15 
Bustos Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Mooney (WV) O’Rourke Rice (NY) Speier Takai Yarmuth 
b1711 Messrs. NEUGEBAUER and FITZPATRICK changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. VARGAS, COHEN, PRICE of North Carolina, and POCAN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Ms. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, on the Legisla-tive Day of May 25, 2016, a series of votes was held. Had I been present for these rollcall votes, I would have cast the following vote: Rollcall 247—I vote ‘‘yes.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 179, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 248] AYES—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.068 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3217 May 25, 2016 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—179 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Grothman Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Mooney (WV) O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1717 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 248, I was in a very important meeting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to commit on the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes, offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ), on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to commit. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 178, nays 239, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 249] YEAS—178 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NAYS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.029 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3218 May 25, 2016 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Barletta Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Kaptur Mooney (WV) O’Rourke Rice (NY) Scott, David Takai Yarmuth 
b1723 So the motion to commit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 178, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 250] AYES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOES—178 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zeldin NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) McDermott Mooney (WV) O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b1731 Mr. FRANKS of Arizona changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote No. 250 on S. 2012, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 5325, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, from the Committee on Appropriations, sub-mitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–594) on the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE ON S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MOD-ERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 744, I have a mo-tion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Barton moves that the House insist on its amendment to S. 2012 and request a con-ference with the Senate thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ) is rec-ognized for 1 hour. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I won’t take nearly that much time. This motion authorizes a conference on S. 2012. This is a bill that will up-date our national energy policy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:27 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.033 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3219 May 25, 2016 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
AR-
TON). The motion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT OFFERED BY MR . 
GRIJALVA  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Grijalva moves that the managers on the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the bill S. 2012 (an Act to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes) be instructed to insist on in-clusion of section 5002 of S. 2012. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, the Democratic motion would instruct House conferees to insist that section 5002 of S. 2012 be included in the final conference report on this energy pack-age. Section 5002 of the Senate bill would permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund and make other minor changes to the program. The Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 is based on a simple idea. If we are going to allow Big Oil to make huge profits from drilling off our coasts, then a small percentage of those profits should be set aside for parks and recreational opportunities onshore. The oil and gas on the Outer Continental Shelf belongs to all our constituents, so it is only right that all of our constituents should see the same benefit when Big Oil develops these re-sources. Fifty years later, the program has been a huge success. More than $36 bil-lion has accrued to the fund. Millions of acres have been conserved and projects have been funded in every State in the Union. Meanwhile, the companies paying into the fund have become some of the most profitable multinational con-glomerates in human history. Over the same five decades, States with large amounts of public land have developed robust tourism and recreation econo-mies, with job and economic opportuni-ties and a quality of life attractive enough to make them among the fast-est growing communities in the coun-try. By investing and expanding rec-reational opportunities, Congress gets a significant return on its investment as outdoor recreation generates $646 billion in spending each year, supports 6.1 million jobs, and $39.9 billion in tax revenue. The Land and Water Conservation Fund benefits people. It benefits the environment. It benefits companies and allows them to drill off our shores. It benefits the Federal budget. It benefits those mainly western States with lots of public land. It is a win-win-win. Our colleagues in the Senate saw fit to include permanent reauthorization for LWCF in the Senate-passed energy bill, a bill which received over-whelming support, including most Re-publicans. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is pretty popular here in the House as well. My legislation to perma-nently reauthorize the program, H.R. 1814, has 207 bipartisan cosponsors. There is no doubt that many of the provisions in the House and Senate en-ergy bills are controversial. It is, frankly, difficult to see a path toward a bipartisan conference report. In such a contentious conference situation, a provision reauthorizing a program as widely popular as LWCF would play a constructive role in moving toward consensus. Section 5002 from the Senate bill should be absolutely included in the conference report. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in opposition to the motion. I appreciate that this is a nonbinding resolution, so I have to appreciate the fact that—hopefully, I think I will be one of the conferees—the instructions tell me to do what I already can do. At this time, we are looking at a pro-gram that does not necessarily fit with the goal of the rest of the bill. Look, everything that we are doing in this entire bill that we just passed was to support House-endorsed programs. This now asks us to do something that has never been endorsed by the House. In fact, it is quite the opposite. So, when the Land and Water Con-servation Fund was first established back in 1965, the goal was that 60 per-cent of all the revenue that is gen-erated would go to local governments to build what they call the state assist-ance grant program. That program is widely popular. In fact, unfortunately, most people think that that 60 percent, as originally intended, is the entire Land and Water Conservation Fund. The sad part is that, over the years, that 60 percent has dwindled away and is no longer a statutory mandate. It dwindled down to like 16 percent of all that money was going to those state-side widely popular programs to help local governments come up with recre-ation opportunities for their citizens. That part that everyone supports had dwindled from 60 down to 16 percent. The rest of the money went for the Federal Government to acquire more property. Now, if you think about this ration-ally for a second, we are putting more money into the Federal Government to acquire more property when the Fed-eral Government already has a $20 bil-lion backlog in the maintenance of what we already have. Park Service alone has a $12 billion backlog in the maintenance of the programs we al-ready have. So what we are basically trying to do in this motion to instruct is to tell us to go in there and fight for money to go to a program to get more land when we can’t actually manage what we want. If the program was to go and say it would be mandatory for local govern-ments to be able to pick and choose their recreation opportunity, then you have got something that makes sense, but that is not what the Senate has tried to do in their appropriations. Now, last December, the House did vote on this issue when it reauthorized the Land and Water Conservation Fund for 3 more years. But what they did in that process is do, at least, the first step of the reform by saying, if you are going to do it for 3 more years, at least, at least as a minimum 50 percent has to go to the States, and then you can spend the other 50 percent for this quixotic effort to control all the land in America. But at least do that. Now, unfortunately, that, at least, is a re-form to make the process better. But this motion to instruct would tell us to even go back from that and would not even put that modest type of reform into the program. At the min-imum, that should be the way. It should not be a process where we try and walk back from what we have al-ready done. It should not be a process where we forget what the original in-tent of this program is. It should not be a process in which we add to the Federal estate when we can’t manage what we already have. It should not be a process that basically has been abused from the intent of 1965. So, with that, I appreciate the offer to instruct me to do what I can already do. I appreciate that this is still non-binding. It is a nice concept, nice spir-it. There is a better way. We did a bet-ter way before. We can come up with a better way now. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speak-ers. Let’s move this stuff along as quickly as we can. I already said what we are supposed to do. If we are really serious about these instructions, let’s do an instruction that actually moves us forward. I know that they are still just simply non-binding issues. It is kind of cute, but it doesn’t move the body forward and it certainly does not support House- backed positions. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Some of the claims that the Land and Water Conservation Fund is some kind of a slush fund are completely false. All LWCF expenditures are ap-proved by Congress through the appro-priations process. The proposed land acquisitions are developed over many years after a public land management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.082 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3220 May 25, 2016 
planning process. This is a far more re-sponsible and transparent process than many Federal expenditures, and it is opposite of a slush fund. The allegation that the Land and Water Conservation Fund has drifted from its original intent is also false. The purpose of the program is to pro-vide balance. As we allow oil compa-nies to reap massive profits from Fed-eral oil reserves, we should set some of the revenue aside for conservation pur-poses, and that is still what LWCF does today. Funding for State matching grants has fluctuated over the years, but that is not a drift. That is the result of pre-vious Congress’ appropriations deci-sions, many of which were made during Republican Congresses. b1745 The truth is, LWCF is under attack precisely because for 50 years it has not drifted from its conservation goals. We do not need to rob LWCF in order to pay the maintenance costs. Federal land management agencies have main-tenance backlogs because Congress re-fuses to give them the funding they de-serve and need. Any Member concerned about backlogged maintenance should contact the Committee on Appropria-tions immediately and express support for an increase in maintenance budg-ets. You can do this without gutting LWCF. Finally, LWCF is not a Federal land grab. At least 40 percent of LWCF money goes to States in the form of matching grants. The Federal funding is targeted at in-holdings, already sur-rounded by Federal land. Acquiring an in-holding does not increase the size of the Federal footprint. Buying in-hold-ings can provide access to parcels that are closed because there is no public access route. These purchases are from willing sellers. These are people who want to sell their land. Those who oppose this motion to in-struct or oppose LWCF are part of a larger campaign to hand over all re-maining open space to private develop-ment. Oil and gas companies, mining conglomerates, timber companies, real estate developers, and large scale agri-businesses would love to get their hands on the open space in the West. Some in Congress want to help them, and they see LWCF standing in the way because it conserves open space for public and not private use. Congress should reauthorize and strengthen this program. We face more habitat fragmentation, greater urban sprawl, and more severe climate change than ever before. It is time to double down on the promise of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, not fold so developers can cash out. The energy bill is the place to do that, and I urge the adoption of the motion to instruct. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ). Without objection, the pre-vious question is ordered on the motion to instruct. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the fur-ther consideration of H.R. 5055, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Idaho? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 743 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5055. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b1849 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) had been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 80, line 12. 
VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I ask unani-mous consent that the request for a re-corded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) be withdrawn to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-designate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Ohio? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). The amendment was rejected. AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . PITTENGER  
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to revoke funding previously awarded to or within the State of North Carolina. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in full support of this very critical amendment. The objective of this amendment is to prohibit the President of the United States from re-stricting funds to go to North Carolina. The President’s emissaries have stat-ed through the Department of Trans-portation, Department of Education, Department of Justice, Department of Housing and Urban Development, and, yes, through Valerie Jarrett and through his press secretary, Josh Ear-nest, that funds should not be dis-pensed to North Carolina until North Carolina is coerced into complying with the legal beliefs of the President and his political views. We believe that this is an egregious abuse of executive power and that the State of North Carolina should not be required to comply with the Presi-dent’s wishes. The President is not a monarch; he is not a dictator; he doesn’t issue fiats. We are a constitu-tional divided government. This amendment I am offering today stops the President from bullying States, stops the President from bul-lying North Carolina. What he seeks to do in North Carolina, he has sought to do around the country. He has sent let-ters to the Departments of Education in every State giving them guidelines. Already 11 States in the country have sued the Federal Government over the abuse of these egregious powers. This is not a fight about a city ordi-nance with wording that was poorly edited or about a legislature. This is about a constitutional divided govern-ment. To that end, I would submit to our colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives that it is critical that we address this and we rein in this Presi-dent, who has time and again used his authority and abused his power; that we must submit to the President and to the will of the people that we are a country of the people, by the people, and for the people, and this is a con-stitutionally divided government. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in support of this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.083 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3221 May 25, 2016 
President Obama and his administra-tion are threatening to remove Federal funding to North Carolina’s educators, law enforcement, and critical infra-structure as punishment for its passage of the Public Facilities Privacy & Se-curity Act. This is despite the fact that this administration’s lawsuit against North Carolina is still pending and un-resolved. Simply put, our courts have not yet found North Carolina in viola-tion of the law. To punish or to threaten to punish North Carolina before our courts have properly ruled on the case violates our Constitution. It is for our courts, not President Obama, to adjudicate wheth-er someone has violated the law. Further, our Nation was founded on the strength of diverse values. During this time of heated rhetoric, we must focus on maintaining a civil society where the government does not punish people for what they believe, but al-lows an open discourse to all where all are free to follow their beliefs. This is why this amendment is nec-essary—to protect North Carolinians from President Obama’s executive overreach and maintain our constitu-tional system. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I submit to my colleagues in the House of Representatives that now is the time that we must stand. We cannot allow the President of the United States to continue to bully. We must wait on the adjudication by this court action with the Department of Justice. We must wait and allow the people to decide and make these determinations through its constitutionally divided government. I thank my colleagues, and I thank Mr. S
IMPSON for his leadership on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I would like to assure the Members that the following amendment is the one that we are debating: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this act may be used to revoke funding previously awarded to or within the State of North Caro-lina.’’ Is this the amendment that the gen-tleman is offering? The Acting CHAIR. Amendment No. 34, as printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD , is pending. Ms. KAPTUR. Okay. I thank the Chair so very much. In such case, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment which ties the hands of several depart-ments—certainly the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Bureau of Reclamation, all of our independent agencies that are con-tained in the bill, like Denali and Northern Border—from making respon-sible financial decisions and basic over-sight of Federal dollars going into North Carolina. I find it interesting that my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle support this amendment, as they nor-mally are such strong supporters of fis-cal responsibility and government ac-countability and fiscal oversight. Pro-hibiting the Federal Government from being able to withhold or revoke fund-ing in a particular State would aban-don that principle. How do we know that contractors are meeting their obligations? How do we know that criminal activity is not oc-curring inside the State of North Caro-lina related to Federal expenditures in that State? If this amendment were accepted, the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers—these are huge con-tracting departments—would be pro-hibited from conducting investigations of performance issues related to con-tracts or financial assistance awards. The departments could not terminate financial assistance agreements for material noncompliance. I don’t think that the gentleman wishes to promote irresponsibility, but I think that is what his amendment ac-tually does. If an award winner wanted to terminate their relationship with one of the departments or agencies under our bill for whatever reason, the Federal Government could not accept that termination. This throws a wrench into every Federal project in-side of your State. I don’t think the gentleman really wants to do that. If an organization which receives funding, for example, from the Depart-ment of Energy commits fraud, the De-partment of Energy has no recourse. They can’t report on the performance of the organization because it could prevent them from winning future awards. I can think of no greater irrespon-sible or unjust system than building on restrictions that deny the American people a proper functioning oversight by the Federal Government, including the literally billions of dollars that go into the State of North Carolina. Those don’t only come from our committee or our subcommittee, but they are signifi-cant. I must oppose this amendment. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMP-
SON). b1800 Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. I actually support this amendment, and I don’t think it was as drastic as was just characterized by the ranking member. The fact is you can still have oversight; you can still do what is nec-essary to make sure that contractors at various sites are doing their job; it doesn’t mean that you just have to pay them no matter what. The reality is that this administra-tion, as we all know, is using its pen and phone to execute executive orders, and they are punishing the State of North Carolina because they don’t like something that North Carolina did. It is in a court. And the Federal Govern-ment should not have the ability to come in and prejudge the outcome of that determination by the court by withholding funds from the State of North Carolina simply because it doesn’t like what North Carolina did. So this is a good amendment, and I compliment the gentleman for bringing it forward. We have got numerous provisions in this bill to stop the administration and their efforts to impose policies without regard to current law or the support of the Congress. I compliment the gen-tleman. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I submit this is a good amendment. I do believe that what we do with this amendment is prevent the egregious abuse of power by our President and allow the adjudication of this process to be completed by the Justice Depart-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). The gentleman will avoid inappropriate references to the President. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire how much time I have remaining, please? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I hate to disagree with the chairman of our sub-committee. But let me just say that the amendment actually reads: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this act may be used to revoke funding pre-viously awarded.’’ ‘‘None of the funds.’’ That means there can be no oversight. If criminal activity is occurring, none of the funds may be used to revoke funding pre-viously awarded. What kind of an amendment is this? This is a very irresponsible amend-ment, and it shouldn’t be on this bill. If the gentleman has got some problem down there he wants to solve, we will be happy to work with him on that on. But I think to tie the hands of our gov-ernment in making sure that every taxpayer dollar is properly managed and has oversight is really wrong-headed. Again, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Pittenger amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.085 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3222 May 25, 2016 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Bureau of Reclamation to issue a permit for California WaterFix or, with respect to California WaterFix, to provide for compliance under section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) or section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. About an hour ago, this House of Representatives kicked off a new quar-ter in the ongoing California water war. This House passed a piece of legis-lation that will ultimately gut the En-dangered Species Act; the Clean Water Act; the biological opinions protecting salmon and smelt; the health of the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere, the San Fran-cisco Bay; and salmon up and down the Pacific Coast. This amendment is designed to stop the ultimate threat to the California Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta and San Francisco Bay. The ultimate threat is the twin tunnels that are being proposed by the Brown adminis-tration, tunnels that are sized at 15,000- cubic-feet-per-second capacity, tunnels that have the capability to take half or take all of the water out of the Sac-ramento River. Six months of the year, the Sac-ramento River flows somewhere be-tween 12,000 and 18,000 cubic feet per second. These tunnels, if ever built, will be capable of literally sucking the Sacramento River dry and destroying the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. This amendment is designed to pro-tect the delta by denying the State of California the opportunity to use the Federal Government to build such a de-structive system. We don’t need that system. There are solutions to the delta prob-lem. There are solutions that are capa-ble of addressing the water issues of California. They have been proposed for many, many years. But this particular proposal that has been on the books for, now, nearly half a decade is the ul-timate vampire ditch that will suck the Sacramento River dry and destroy the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. It is not needed. It is, at a minimum, a $15 bil-lion boondoggle that will not create 1 gallon of new water. It will only de-stroy. It will be the ultimate death. Some day, what was proved here in the House of Representatives not more than an hour ago, some day the votes will be there both in the House of Rep-resentatives and in the Senate and a bill will be sent to the President that will not be able to be vetoed. We will see the death of the largest estuary, the most important estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere from Alaska to Chile. There is no other place like this. The solutions are known. They have been proposed. They have been out there. Build the infrastructure. I have introduced a bill that would provide the Federal Government to work with the State government, in proposition 1 at the State level, to bring into harmony reservoirs, under-ground aquifers, conservation, recy-cling, desalinization, community water supplies. It is in the legislation. It is available to us today. All of that, without de-stroying the delta and also operating it in such a manner that we let science determine what to do—not legislation, not legislation here, not the desire of the Governor of California, but, rather, science. Where are the fish? Are they going to be harmed? Ramp the pumps down. If they are not going to be harmed, then turn the pumps on—very simple. But the solution that passed the House today doesn’t do that. Oh, it gives some bypassing words to the Endan-gered Species Act, to the biological opinions. But, in reality, what it does, it says turn the dam pumps on anyway. Let them rip. Let them destroy the delta. This bill speaks to the second threat to the delta—not the legislation that was passed today, but the issue that is before the California voters in Novem-ber, the issue that is before the Cali-fornia Legislature and others today— and that issue is: Should the tunnels be built? The tunnels must never be built. They must never be built because they are the ultimate existential threat to the delta. With their size, 15,000 cubic feet per second, they are perfectly ca-pable of taking all of the water out of the Sacramento River half of the year. Don’t ever build something that is so destructive. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I real-ly wish on this floor that there was a requirement that we had to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Mr. Chairman, the amendment that is being offered here, there is a huge exaggeration that is going on now. There were periods this past year alone, just in the last few months, that there were 150,000 cubic feet per second flowing through that delta. Now, these tunnels, I do not believe are the ultimate solution for the delta and for the valley, but I do believe that taking more options off the table and an option that, actually, the Governor of California—a close friend of the per-son that offered this amendment—does support, and making sure that we have an honest debate as we go forward to solve the problems of the delta, that we have to have all options on the table. I have looked for every opportunity to have an honest dialogue across the aisle. We have had those conversations. Those who were in the room with us walked away and told the press they never existed or were never a part of them. Now they are coming back and asking for those same private con-versations again, and we are not going to play that game anymore. We want to make sure we have an honest dia-logue. In conference, as this bill moves for-ward and as long as language is there, we have the opportunity to have that dialogue and keep those options on the table that the Governor of California actually supports. Anybody who sup-ports this amendment is actually clos-ing more opportunities for us to have that open dialogue, so I rise in opposi-tion to this. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, here we go. This last winter, as the gentleman pointed out, actually upwards of 200,000 cubic feet per second were moving through the delta. On days like that, we were pumping 2,300 cubic feet per second at the pumps. Now, the Governor believes—and many believe—that the solution, be-cause they were afraid it was going to reverse flow, the delta, when 200,000 cubic feet are moving through the delta, is to build these tunnels. And now, if these tunnels are built, we are saying we are going to suck dry the Sacramento River. Come on. That couldn’t happen. We can’t even pump up to the biological opinion. We are not talking about evis-cerating the Endangered Species Act. We are talking about pumping water up to the biological opinion of 5,000 cubic feet per second. We all know that those pumps are capable of pumping up to 11,000 cubic feet per second. They couldn’t even pump 15,000 cubic feet per second, because they can only go up to 11,000 cubic feet. Saying that, this is a solution that is on the table. It has been thought out. It costs a lot of money. I know there are some questions that have to be an-swered. But the solution that the gen-tleman keeps bringing up is a solution that nobody can agree to. So we are doing the best we can in the majority to make sure that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.088 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3223 May 25, 2016 
have water for the people in the Cen-tral Valley—and, by the way, for south-ern California, where our economy is suffering because of this; certainly, the Central Valley is suffering because of this—and to come up with solutions that can work. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 1
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, again, I have to rise in opposition to this. I think we have to have an open dialogue on water legislation going forward, and it obviously needs to be transparent and open for the world to see. We have tried working quietly with some folks and, obviously, that didn’t produce anything. This is the next best option: having that option to have an open dialogue with all options on the table. We already have the option that is being performed today, where my district is suffering, unemployment is through the roof, and people are truly suffering, and that needs to be fixed. We are asking for a simple solution to this. Legislation has been intro-duced. It has been part of a couple pieces of legislation now. I think it is a very reasonable request, and I strongly recommend a ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). The amendment was rejected. b1815 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance that references or relies on the analysis con-tained in— (1) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Anal-ysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in February 2010; (2) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in May 2013 and revised in November 2013; or (3) ‘‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change in NEPA Reviews’’, pub-lished by the Council on Environmental Quality on December 24, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 77801). 
Mr. GOSAR (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense amend-ment that will protect American jobs and our economy by prohibiting funds from being used to implement the Obama administration’s flawed social cost of carbon valuation. This job killing and unlawful guid-ance sneakily attempts to pave the way for cap-and-trade-like mandates. Congress and the American people have repeatedly rejected cap-and-trade pro-posals. Knowing that he can’t lawfully enact a carbon tax plan, President Obama is attempting to circumvent Congress by playing loose and fast with the Clean Air Act and unilaterally implementing this unlawful new requirement under the guise of guidance. The committee was wise to raise con-cern about the administration’s abuse of the social cost of carbon valuation in the report. My amendment explic-itly prohibits funds from being used to implement this deeply flawed guidance in the bill text. The House voted in favor of similar measures to reject the social cost of carbon four times last Congress and multiple times over the past couple of years. Roger Martella, a self-described, life-long environmentalist and career envi-ronmental lawyer, testified at the May 2015 House Natural Resources Com-mittee hearing on the revised guidance and the flaws associated with the so-cial cost of carbon model, stating that the social cost of carbon estimates suf-fer from a number of significant flaws that should exclude them from the NEPA process. Among these flaws are: One: The projected costs of carbon emissions can be manipulated by changing key parameters, such as timeframes, discount rates, and other values that have no relation to a given project undergoing review. Two: OMB and other Federal agen-cies developed the draft social cost of carbon estimates without any known peer review or opportunity for public comment during the developmental process. Three: OMB’s draft social cost of car-bon estimates are based primarily on global rather than domestic costs and benefits. Four: There is still considerable un-certainty in many of the assumptions and data elements used to create the draft social cost of carbon estimates, such as the damage functions and the modeled time horizons. Mr. Martella’s testimony was spot on. Congress, not Washington bureau-crats, at the behest of the President should dictate our country’s climate change policy. The sweeping changes that the White House is utilizing did not go through the normal regulatory process, and there was no public comment. Unfortunately, this administration just doesn’t get it and continues to try to circumvent Congress to impose an extremist environmental agenda that is not based on the best available science. Worse yet, the model utilized to pre-dict the social cost of carbon can be easily manipulated to arrive at the de-sired outcome. For instance, the administration re-cently attempted to justify the EPA’s methane rule using the social cost of carbon. Using this flawed metric, they claim that the EPA’s methane rule will yield climate benefits of $690 million in 2025 and that those benefits will out-weigh the $530 million that the rule will cost businesses and job creators that year alone. Clearly, the social cost of carbon is the administration’s latest unconstitu-tional tool to deceive the American people and to enact job-killing regula-tions. The House voted in favor of similar measures to reject the social cost of carbon four times last Congress and multiple times over the last couple of years. This amendment is supported by the Americans for Limited Government, Americans for Tax Reform, Arch Coal, the Council for Citizens Against Gov-ernment Waste, FreedomWorks, the National Taxpayers Union, the Tax-payers Protection Alliance, and the Gila County Cattle Growers Associa-tion. I ask that all Members join me once again in rejecting this flawed proposal and in protecting job rights here in America. I commend the chairman and the committee for their efforts on this leg-islation and for recognizing that the NEPA process is in desperate need of reform. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman and Members, this amendment tells the De-partment of Energy to ignore the lat-est climate change science. Even worse, the amendment denies that car-bon pollution is harmful. According to this amendment, the cost of carbon pollution is zero. That is science denial at its worst, and, frank-ly, it is just simply wrong. Tell homeowners in Arizona or those who live up in Canada, where the wildfires have just raged and who have seen their homes ravaged by drought- stoked wildfires, that there are no costs from climate change. If you are a gardener, like I am, even the backs of seed packets have changed, because what used to be a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.090 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3224 May 25, 2016 
Tennessee tomato, now we grow it in Ohio. The climate zones are moving north. It is getting warmer. Tell that to the firefighters who have to put everything else on the line to fight those fires that rage in California and points west or north. Tell that to the children and the el-derly that will be plagued by heat stress and vulnerable to increased dis-ease. Tell that to the people evacuated from the Isle de Jean Charles in Lou-isiana who will lose homes as their is-land vanishes under the rising sea. Or how about Houston, Texas, with the flash flooding? That is one of the most recent. These people are looking to us to pro-tect America and to protect them, and they are looking to the Republicans to finally be reasonable. The truth is that no one will escape the effects of unmitigated climate change. It will have an impact on all of us, and, frankly, it is having an impact on all of us. But this amendment waves a magic wand and decrees that climate change imposes no costs at all. House Repub-licans can vote for this amendment. They can try to block the Department from recognizing the damage caused by climate change and the potential dam-age, but they cannot overturn the laws of nature. They are powerful. We should be heeding the warnings of the climate scientists, not denying re-ality. Thank God we have them. We don’t have to operate in ignorance. Recently, our Nation’s leading cli-mate scientists released the National Climate Assessment, which continues to show evidence confirming the ongo-ing impacts of climate change. Leading scientists around the world, not just here, agree the evidence is un-ambiguous. This amendment tells the Department to ignore some of the wisest people in the world. The latest science shows that climate change is expected to exacerbate heat waves—those have been felt around the country—droughts—look at Lake Mead in Las Vegas. Look at the rings going down. Look at millions and millions of acres now enduring wildfires. Look at the added floods, water- and vector- borne diseases, which will be greater risks to human health and lives around the world. The security of our food supply will diminish, resulting in reductions in production and increases in prices. According to a leading climate science body, the IPCC, increasing global temperatures and drastic changes in water availability, which we have just heard about on this floor, in California, for heaven’s sake, combined with an increase in food demand poses large risks to food security globally and regionally. When I was born, there were 146 mil-lion people in this country. By 2050, we will have 500 million. It takes more animals, it takes more machines, it takes more energy, to feed that popu-lation, and it takes much more to feed the global population. Human beings and our way of life do have an impact on what happens on this very, very suspended planet in the Milky Way galaxy. This amendment tells the Depart-ment to ignore these and many other impacts, and, frankly, I view that as ir-responsible. Federal agencies have a responsi-bility to calculate the costs of climate change and take them into account. It is plain common sense, and it is a life- and-death matter. That is exactly what the Obama ad-ministration is doing. An interagency task force worked over the course of several years to estimate the costs of the harm from carbon pollution. The cost calculation was first issued in 2010 and updated in 2014 and con-tinues to be refined by incorporating new scientific and technical informa-tion and soliciting input from leading experts. This was a very constructive calcula-tion and a conservative one at that, with the full costs of climate change almost certainly being higher. But it is better than the previous estimate and much, much better than assuming the costs are nothing. Unfortunately, that is what this amendment would require the govern-ment to assume: zero harm, zero costs, zero danger, from carbon pollution and climate change. The truth is that unchecked climate change would have a catastrophic eco-nomic and human impact here and across the world. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, if I could inquire from the Chair how much time I have. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the Earth’s climate has been changing since the beginning of time, and that is something on which I think we can all agree. MIT researchers have looked at a massive extinction some 252 million years ago as a result of a massive buildup of carbon dioxide. Funny, man wasn’t around. The nonpartisan Congressional Re-search Service estimates that the ad-ministration squandered $77 billion, with a B, between fiscal year 2008 and fiscal year 2013 in trying to study all this. Now, if the President, the emperor himself, would like to bypass Congress, that is fine. But Congress has a fidu-ciary duty and a responsibility legisla-tively to actually pass something that the agency should enforce. We talked about wildfires. Well, there we go again. It has been mis-management of our forests that have created these catastrophic wildfires. Take it from somebody in Arizona who should know. So I ask all of my colleagues to vote for this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I have amendment No. 29 at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation—Water and Related Resources’’ for an additional amount for WaterSMART programs, as authorized by subtitle F of title IX of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. ch. 109B), section 6002 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1015a), title XVI of the Reclamation Projects Authorization and Adjustment Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 390h et seq.), and the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act (43 U.S.C. ch. 40), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise made available by this Act for ‘‘National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration—Weapons Activities’’ is hereby reduced by, $100,000,000. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘‘National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration—Weapons Activities’’ in excess of $120,253,000 may be used for the W80–4 Life Extension Program. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I believe this is known as amendment 116. I think most of us should be aware that we are well into the first quarter of a new nuclear arms race this time with not only Russia, but with China. And perhaps there are some others out there that would like to build nuclear weapons and armaments. This amendment goes directly to one of the critical parts of that arms race, which is the development of what is es-sentially a new nuclear bomb. Some would like to say it is simply a refur-bishment of an older weapon, and I guess you can get away with that if you stretch the words a bit. But this is the W80–4 nuclear bomb. It is the warhead that will go on the new cruise missile, sometimes called the LSRO. It is a very expensive propo-sition. This particular budget calls for $240 million to be spent this year on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.093 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3225 May 25, 2016 
early stages of the refurbishment. We are probably looking at twice that level of funding over the next decade to develop a few hundred of these weapons or these bombs. We need to wake up. We need to be paying attention to this trillion-dollar enterprise. Over the next 25 years, we will be spending $1 trillion on a new nuclear arms race. To what effect? Well, some would say that what we have is old and we ought to have something that is new. Well, what is old actually continues to work for many, many years. So it is not just the nuclear bombs that will be refurbished or rebuilt or life-extended or whatever words you want to use, but they are new and are extraordinary expensive and, obvi-ously, extraordinarily dangerous. b1830 We are going to develop an entire new array of delivery systems. Dis-cussed on the House floor not so long ago in debate was the question of whether we ought to have new inter-continental ballistic missiles in the silos in the upper Midwest. It was an interesting debate. The result of the debate was, well, we ought to build new ICBMs for those silos without paying too much attention to the cost, and we ought to have a whole new array of nu-clear-armed submarines, a new Stealth Bomber, and a new cruise missile. So what are we talking about here? A trillion dollars. At the same time, we debate on the floor whether we have any money for Zika. Apparently, we don’t; although that is a real threat, and it is real today. We talk about our community water systems, and we don’t have any money for those either. I will tell you where the money is. It is in this nuclear arms race. It is not about disarmament. Nobody is suggesting that. It is about are we going to spend all this money and per-petuate what is already underway without giving thought to the impact it is going to have on the things that we know we must do—educate our chil-dren, provide the infrastructure for our communities, our water, our sanitation systems, and our transportation sys-tems—or are we going to go about building new nuclear bombs. Apparently, that is what we are going to do because there is $240 mil-lion right here, money that we didn’t have available for Zika, money that we don’t have for the water systems of Flint, Michigan, or our own State of California. But it is here. The W80—keep that number in mind, ladies and gentlemen. You are going to see that coming back before you as we appropriate more and more dollars for not only this new nuclear bomb, but for many others. So I draw your attention to this issue. I ask that we move about $100 million of this money out of this nu-clear bomb that we really don’t need for another decade. We don’t need it to-morrow. We may never need it. It won’t be on any piece of equipment for at least a decade. So why don’t we spend this money on our communities? Why don’t we spend it on Flint, Michi-gan? Why don’t we spend it on the com-munities in Central Valley, California, that we have heard so much about? There are communities that don’t have water systems, communities in the San Joaquin Valley that we heard so much about just a moment ago where the children have to take their water out of a horse water trough, not out of a tap. No, we are going to spend our money building a new nuclear bomb. I think that is wrong. I think it is not nec-essary. In fact, I know it is not nec-essary. But that is what we are going to do. So I ask you to make a choice, to make a choice to spend our money on what we need today: clean water sys-tems, transportation, and education, not on a new nuclear bomb. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I respect the gentleman’s comments, and I re-spect the gentleman. He mentioned many of the functions that are necessary for the government that we should be doing. The one he didn’t mention was defending the secu-rity of the United States. That is one of the fundamental purposes of the Federal Government. What this amendment would do is take money out of the program to con-tinue the life extension program of the W80 warhead, the only cruise missile in the U.S. nuclear arsenal. The gen-tleman says we don’t need it now, so let’s spend the money somewhere else; and if we need it next year, I guess we can just spend the money next year. But you can’t develop this, and you don’t do these life-extension programs in just a year. These are long-term in-vestments. The life extension program will replace the nonnuclear and other components to support the Air Force’s plan to develop the long-range standoff cruise missile, or the LRSO. If the gen-tleman believes the LRSO is not nec-essary, I would point him at the Air Force, whose leadership has testified on numerous occasions before Congress that we need to sustain our nuclear ca-pabilities and we need to make these investments. We must do the work that is needed to extend the life of this warhead as long as there is a clear defense require-ment for maintaining a nuclear cruise missile capability. While the LRSO is still at an early stage of development, these warheads are very complex, and there is a considerable amount of work to accomplish between now and then. Performing development work earlier in the schedule will allow the NNSA to reduce technical risks and limit any cost growth by validating the military requirements at an early stage. The gentleman’s amendment will not stop the program but would only add additional risks into the schedule and raise the cost for modernizing the war-head down the line. I should point out also that the gen-tleman’s amendment also proposes to move defense funding to nondefense without any regard to the firewalls ne-gotiated in previous budget deals. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to vote against this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, Gosar 221. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to save taxpayer money, help the Department of Energy avoid duplicative programs, and ensure the agency’s limited re-sources are focused on programs di-rectly related to its mission to ensure energy security for the United States. This simple amendment would pro-hibit the use of funds for the Climate Model Development and Validation program within the Department of En-ergy. This exact same amendment passed this body in fiscal year 2015 and 2016. This year, this amendment is even more important because, despite this amendment getting approval from this body multiple years in a row and being denied funding from the bipartisan Ap-propriations Committee multiple years in a row, the President was given ac-cess to about half of what he requested previously to create this new duplicitous and wasteful program. With our Nation more than $19 tril-lion in debt, the question must be asked: Why would Congress give mil-lions of dollars to the President for new computer-generated climate mod-els? The administration is already ma-nipulating the social cost of carbon models to deceive the American people and to enact job-killing regulations. For example, the administration re-cently attempted to justify the EPA’s methane rule using the social cost of carbon valuation model. Using this flawed metric, they claimed that the EPA’s methane rule will yield climate benefits of $690 million in 2025 and that those benefits will outweigh the $530 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.096 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3226 May 25, 2016 
million that the rule would cost busi-nesses and job creators that year alone. If funded, the Climate Model Devel-opment and Validation program will be yet another addition to the President’s ever-growing list of duplicative global warming, research, and modeling pro-grams currently being hijacked by the EPA to manufacture alleged climate benefits and force new regulations like the EPA’s Clean Power Plan and WOTUS down the throats of the Amer-ican people. The nonpartisan Congres-sional Research Service estimates this administration has already squandered $77 billion from fiscal year 2008 through fiscal year 2013 studying and trying to develop global climate change regula-tions. This amendment is about fiscal re-sponsibility and priorities. While re-search and modeling of the Earth’s cli-mate—including how and why Earth’s climate is changing—can be of value, it is not central to the department’s mis-sion and is already being done by doz-ens of government, academic, business, and nonprofit organizations around the world. With more than 50 universities and academic institutions around the globe engaged in climate modeling, this particular issue is being addressed very well by the academic and non-profit sector with much greater effi-ciency and speed than any government bureaucracy can offer. Further, the re-search and models utilized by our uni-versities are not being manipulated to impose a partisan agenda. Regardless of your opinion on cli-mate change, I feel strongly that the House of Representatives must con-tinue its firm position that we should not be wasting precious taxpayer re-sources on programs that are duplicitous in nature and compete with programs funded by private invest-ment. The wastefulness of the Climate Model and Validation program has been recognized by several outside spending and watchdog groups. This amendment proposal has been sup-ported in the past by the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, the American Conservative Union, Eagle Forum, and the Taxpayers Pro-tection Alliance. The House of Representatives has wisely declined to fund this program in fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016. Consid-ering the extensive work being done to research, model, and forecast climate change trends by other areas in govern-ment, the private sector, and inter-nationally, funding for this specific piece of President Obama’s climate agenda is not only redundant, but inef-ficient. Considering the Nation’s $19 trillion in debt, it is also irresponsible I thank the chairman, ranking mem-ber, and committee for their work. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, years ago, there were people that served in this body that denied that America should pass a Clean Water Act. Today, in many places in our country when we turn on the tap, we trust what we drink. We had to change our way of life. Yes, we had to make investments, but we produced a stronger country. There were those who fought against the Clean Air Act. You can go back and read the R
ECORD . There are always those folks who have difficulty embrac-ing the future. This amendment blocks funding for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program. This is climate science denial at its worst. It used to be that people said, well, it is okay that industry dumps in the water. It kind of washes everything out somewhere. Well, when the bald eagle became an endangered species, it be-came pretty clear that all of that pol-lution was causing long-term damage. Now the world’s top scientists are tell-ing us that we have a rapidly closing window to reduce our carbon pollution before the catastrophic impacts of cli-mate change cannot be avoided. So far, the world has already warmed by 0.9 degrees Celsius, and we are al-ready seeing the effects of climate change. Most scientists agree that 2 de-grees Celsius is the maximum amount we can warm without really dangerous tipping points, although many sci-entists now believe that even 2 degrees is far too much, given the effects we are already experiencing all around the world. But absent dramatic action, we are on track to warm 4 to 6 degrees Celsius by midcentury. That is more than 10 degrees Fahrenheit. Even with the pledges to reduce car-bon emissions as part of COP 21, we are still in danger of experiencing the dras-tic consequences of climate change, in-cluding increased frequency and inten-sity of extreme weather events and drought. The International Energy Agency has concluded that increased efforts are still needed—in addition to existing pledges—to stay within the 2- degree limit. We are already seeing the devasta-tion from climate change, including, recently, the evacuation of climate ref-ugees from the Isle de Jean Charles near New Orleans. So you sort of think to the world you knew versus the world of the future, and you have to embrace the future, and you have to help those who are going to follow us. There are multiple lines of evidence, including direct measurements, that life is changing. The projections that these models anticipate are critical as they provide the guideposts to under-standing how quickly and how steeply the world needs to cut carbon pollution in order to avoid the worst effects of climate change. The goal of the Department of Ener-gy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program is to further im-prove the reliability of climate models and equip policymakers and citizens with tools to predict the current and future effects of climate change, such as sea level rise, extreme weather events, and drought. This amendment scraps this pro-gram. It says ‘‘no’’ to enhancing the re-liability of our climate models. Who wouldn’t want that? It says ‘‘no’’ to in-vesting in the security of the people of this Nation and the Nation’s assets themselves. It says ‘‘no’’ to improving our understanding of how the climate is changing, and it says ‘‘no’’ to in-forming policymakers about the con-sequences of unmitigated climate change. That is absolutely irrespon-sible and an outcome this Nation can-not afford. It is interesting. There is an author, Richard Louv, who has written a book, ‘‘Last Child in the Woods.’’ What it talks about is how America has become so technologically sophisticated that most people have lost a real connection to nature, especially our children, who spend 8 hours in front of a blue screen. But perhaps it is because of that tech-nological advancement and lack of con-nection to nature that we do not have a population—including, perhaps, some who serve in this Chamber—that ob-serve what nature is actually doing in her powerful force. I would urge our colleagues to read that book and to think a little bit about reconnecting to nature, paying attention to what the temperature is of the lake near you or the ocean near you. Pay attention to what is hap-pening in our coastal communities. Pay attention to what is happening in agriculture and our ability to produce food for the future because of changes in weather. What is happening with rainfall? There is a lot going on. What happens to clouds in your region of the coun-try? How close do they come to the Earth? When the rain falls, how severe are those weather events? These events are happening around our country and around our world. Mr. Chairman, I have to rise in oppo-sition, obviously, to this amendment and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment because I don’t think it leads us into the future. I think it takes us back into the past, to a world that does not exist anymore. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1845 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, could I inquire how much time I have remain-ing? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is not about making a statement about climate change or the validity of science. This amendment is about fiscal responsibility and effi-ciency. More than 50 universities and institu-tions around the globe are engaged in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.099 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3227 May 25, 2016 
climate modeling. This particular issue is being addressed very well by the aca-demic and nonprofit sector, with much greater efficiency and speed than gov-ernment bureaucracy can offer. Can I remind you of the VA? The gov-ernment doesn’t do anything very well at all, and we need to start looking at this. When we talk about responsibility, $19 trillion in debt, there are some ap-ples that we need to start coming to look at. When we start looking at in-stitutions that are actually doing this, they are hardly second-tier institu-tions—the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MIT for short; the Univer-sity of California, Berkeley. There are some really good people out there doing this work on our behalf. When we start looking at efficacies and effectiveness, we need to look no further than the private sector and the universities that are already doing this. This is something we don’t need to be duplicitous in and be partisan in our outcomes. I ask my colleagues to vote for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN  
OF TEXAS  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. In addition to the amounts oth-erwise provided under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of the Army—Corps of Engineers- Civil—Construction’’, there is appropriated $311,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available through fiscal year 2026, for an ad-ditional amount for flood control projects and storm damage reduction projects to save lives and protect property in areas affected by flooding on April 19th, 2016, that have re-ceived a major disaster declaration pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Texas and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, as a preamble to my amendment, please allow me to thank the chair-man, Mr. S
IMPSON , for his courtesies. I would also like to thank the ranking member, Ms. K
APTUR , for her cour-tesies. Mr. Chairman, if you live in Houston, Texas, you monitor the weather. You monitor the weather, Mr. Chairman, because, over the last year, Houston, Texas, has been declared a disaster area not once, but twice. If you live in Houston, Texas, you monitor the weather because, in the last year, we have spent billions in recovery dam-ages. If you live in Houston, Texas, you monitor the weather because, in the last year, we have lost 17 lives to flood-ing. Houston has a problem. But there is a solution. This amendment—which is based upon H.R. 5025, an emergency supplemental bill—would accord $311 million that will eventually be spent. This is not money that will not be spent in Houston, Texas, but money that will be spent on projects that are already authorized. The projects are authorized. The money is going to be spent. However, we can take a piecemeal approach and do some now, some later, and spend billions more in recovery ef-forts, which is what we are doing. We are spending billions after floods when we could spend millions before and save money, save lives, and give Hous-ton, Texas, and the citizens therein some degree of comfort. Mr. Chairman, I believe that my friends in this House have a great deal of sympathy and a good deal of empa-thy for Houston, Texas, as is evidenced by the fact that over 70 Members have signed onto the bill, H.R. 5025. And we have bipartisan support. We have Re-publicans at the committee level who are doing what they can within the committee. We also have Democrats who are working to try to help Hous-ton, Texas. So I am honored tonight to stand in the well of the House to make this re-quest, that Houston, Texas, be made a priority and that the Corps of Engi-neers, when they do assess the needs of the Nation, that Houston be given some degree of preference because money is being spent that need not be spent. But, more importantly, Mr. Chair-man and Madam Ranking Member, lives are being lost. Houston, Texas, has what are captioned as flash floods. You can find yourself in a cir-cumstance from which you cannot ex-tricate yourself, and you may lose your life when we have one of these inclem-ent, adverse weather conditions. They happen more often than prog-nosticated some years ago. It can be debated as to whether we are having 100-year floods or 500-year floods. That is debatable. But what is not debatable is the fact that we are having billion- dollar floods—billion-dollar floods—in Houston, Texas, a major American city declared a disaster area not once, but twice in the last year. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, on April 18th the City of Houston and Harris County, Texas were subjected to paralyzing flooding which claimed the lives of seven of our citizens and required the rescue of 1,200 more. Approximately 2,000 housing units were flooded and we are currently working to figure out where to house the folks who cannot re-turn to their homes. This is the second major flooding disaster Houston has experienced in the last six months and the City is expecting additional rain and thunderstorms on Friday and Satur-day of this week. Residents in our congressional district as well as other Member’s districts have been se-verely affected and we must do something to stop the needless loss of life. The President has recognized the signifi-cance of the catastrophe and a fulfilled a re-quest for a disaster declaration. Now it’s the job of Congress to help our constituents. I have worked closely with my neighbor and friend, Rep. ALGREEN to offer this amendment to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill. The amendment would provide $311 million dollars to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the construction, and in most cases, com-pletion of our bayous and flood control projects. Flooding is not new in Houston but we’ve learned how to control it. Our bayou system has saved countless lives and millions of dollars of damage since creation. Unfortunately, due to consistent budget pressure, the Army Corps of Engineers cannot adequately fund these projects. This amendment would ensure that our fed-eral, state, and local authorities have the re-sources necessary to expedite the flood con-trol projects we know protect people and prop-erty. Mr. Chair, we can help the victims in our neighborhoods and we must help them. I urge this body to pass this emergency funding legislation and do so quickly. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I insist on my point of order. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. SIMPSON. I make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropria-tion bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appro-priation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ The amendment includes an emer-gency designation and, as such, con-stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I would like to be heard, if I may. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized on the point of order. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Would Chairman S
IMPSON allow me to give my closing comments before we receive the ruling from the Chair, which will be just a few seconds more, I believe? How much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 1 minute remaining on the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.101 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3228 May 25, 2016 
Does the gentleman wish to be heard on the point of order? Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Well, yes, on the point of order, if so, in so doing, I may speak to the flooding in Hous-ton, Texas. I want to be appropriate as I do this, and I will yield to the wisdom of the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will rule. The Chair finds that this amendment includes an emergency designation. The amendment, therefore, con-stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment is not in order. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the fine gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I thank Ranking Member K
AP-
TUR. Please allow me to continue with just a brief commentary. I have a col-league who is not here, the Honorable G
ENE GREEN . He has asked that his statement with reference to this amendment be placed in the R
ECORD . I would also add this. A good deal of my comments have emanated from, as I indicated, H.R. 5025. This bill has bipartisan support. I see in the Chamber my good friend and col-league, the Honorable T
EDPOE, who is one of the cosponsors of the legislation. Some of my other colleagues who are cosponsoring from Texas would include the Honorable J
OHN CULBERSON , the Honorable R
ANDY WEBER , the Honor-able S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, also the Honorable G
ENE GREEN whom I have mentioned. There are others as well. This is bipartisan. This is a recogni-tion that we are going to have prob-lems that we can solve that will create greater circumstances than we should have to endure. There is little reason for us to be back here a year or so from now indi-cating that we have had another flood, a billion-dollar flood—maybe less, maybe more—and that we may have lost lives in that future event. My hope is that, while this amend-ment is not in order—and I accept the ruling of the Chair—my hope is that we will find a means by which we will do sooner that which we will do later, spend the $311 million after we have had additional billion-dollar floods. This amendment makes good sense. It is a commonsense solution. I thank the ranking member for her very kind words and the opportunity that she has accorded me. I thank you, Mr. S
IMPSON , for being so generous as well. Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gen-tleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s passion with this and his obvious concern and inter-est. I will tell you that there is a great deal of support for what the gentleman is proposing. Congressman POE, Congressman C UL-
BERSON , as well as Members on your side of the aisle, have talked to us re-peatedly about the issues that you ad-dress here. While this amendment is out of order, I will promise to the gentleman that we will work with him to try to address this problem of one of Amer-ica’s great cities. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman. As he knows, I believe his word is as good as gold. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to employ in excess of 95 percent of the Department’s total number of employ-ees as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, my amend-ment is simply a commonsense meas-ure to help reduce the size of out-of- control Federal departments that con-tinue to grow annually unchecked, in-creasing both scope, size, and increas-ing our spending, both discretionary and mandatory. Our Nation is over $19 trillion in debt—let me repeat that—$19 trillion in debt. This Chamber, us, we, the peo-ple, in government, or Members of the people’s House in charge of the tax-payers’ purse strings, must start tak-ing action to actively reduce our ex-penditures. I appreciate the chairman and rank-ing member for their hard work on this bill. But I am concerned that the cost it will place on the American people is too great. We can do better and we must do better. This amendment is offered as a mod-est solution and establishes a 5 percent across-the-board cut to the Depart-ment of Energy’s total employees. In the private sector, when scram-bling to cover your costs, you have to make decisions, including sometimes the elimination of positions that are not essential to the overall purpose and mission of the organization, or you simply can’t afford it. Not only is reducing the current size of the Department’s full-time staff es-sential, but I think it also should be accompanied by a 1-year hiring freeze. In 2013, when the government was shut down—and I want to remind peo-ple that the government shut down over money, and it wasn’t from an ex-cess; it was from a lack of it—the De-partment of Energy was faced with this very dilemma and made a decision to furlough 69 percent of its workforce. These workers were deemed non-essential. I understand the circumstances were extraordinary, but the Department was still able to target areas within it that were not deemed essential to maintain-ing its most necessary functions. My amendment is only requiring the Department to reduce its full-time em-ployees by 5 percent, which in the scheme of things is nominal, but essen-tial, in getting our country back on track fiscally, and it is the right thing to do. For our Nation to remain prosperous and to keep the American Dream alive for generations to come, we must make these decisions now. We must scale back Federal spending. One cannot have personal freedom without finan-cial freedom. That same philosophy also applies to nations if they wish to pass on to their future generations the blessings of our past and our current posterity, lib-erties, and freedoms. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. b1900 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof Texas). The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I under-stand the desire for an efficient and ef-fective Federal Government with an appropriately sized workforce. In fact, if the gentleman has specific programs or offices that he believes are currently overstaffed, I would be happy to work with him to see if that is the case and to figure out a way to address any problems we may find; but this amend-ment doesn’t look at specific details and make targeted reductions. It requires the Department of Energy to furlough 5 percent of its employees on October 1. It doesn’t allow the De-partment time to review whether it might need more people to carry out its national security responsibilities, for instance, or fewer people to carry out other programs whose work is ramping down or is being reduced by this bill. That is not good government. That is putting almost 800 people across the country out of work for no good reason. The underlying bill, on the other hand, includes reasonable and targeted reductions to funding levels for the De-partment’s administrative accounts. The departmental administration ac-count was $36 million below the Presi-dent’s budget request in the bill that was brought to the floor, and amend-ments already passed by the House have resulted in further cuts to the de-partmental administration. Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.104 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3229 May 25, 2016 
salaries and expenses for the National Nuclear Security Administration are $30 million below the President’s re-quest. The funding levels in this bill send a clear message about growth in the Federal workforce. Requiring an automatic 5 percent cut across the board is a step too far. As I said, it is not good government. For these reasons, I oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote against it. I would also note that when the gen-tleman said that during the govern-ment shutdown, it furloughed 60-some- odd percent of its employees, remem-ber, we are talking 16 days here, and these employees were labeled as ‘‘non-essential.’’ The same thing happened in Congress. At least I know in my of-fice—and I would suspect in the gentle-man’s office—we had to declare which employees were nonessential. Those employees now work for me again and have been rehired. I would suspect they have been in the gentleman’s office, too. Just because they were furloughed during a 16-day government shutdown doesn’t mean they are, essentially, nonessential. I don’t think this is a well-thought- out amendment. I oppose it, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, I join the chairman in op-posing this amendment. It is, truly, a blunt cut—5 percent to the Department of Energy from its current level with no analysis, no consultation, no consid-eration of impact. It is just a blunt cut. It would actually mean about 700 peo-ple who would be fired at headquarters, at field offices, even at our Power Mar-keting Administrations across the West. Layoffs of this magnitude would profoundly impede the Department of Energy’s ability to oversee its nuclear security responsibilities, its science and energy and environmental cleanup mandates. I strenuously oppose this amendment and urge the gentleman to bring back a more thoughtful amendment at some point if he wishes, but I don’t support the blunt cut. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the chairman and ranking member’s opposition. I would like to remind them that this amendment is a necessary step in re-ducing the size and scope of the Fed-eral Government. We are approaching $20 trillion in debt. That approximates to about $60,000 for every man, woman, and child in America. When we talked about nonessential employees, I didn’t have any in my office. Everybody in my office was essential, so we didn’t lay anybody off. We didn’t put them off. The gentleman laughs, which is fine. The executive departments and agen-cies have gradually taken on the per-sonification of the 1958 horror flick, ‘‘The Blob.’’ Departments like the DOE are consuming everything in their path and increasing their own presence in the private sector. At what point do we say enough is enough? At what point do we say we are going to get our spending under control? This is a small, 5 percent incremental change to the Department of Energy. It is not specific because it gives the flexibility to the Department to come up with the changes that it wants, keeping in mind that our Federal Gov-ernment’s number one task is national security; so the people who are tasked to run the Department of Energy can make the commonsense and the needed reforms that they need to. Again, in the private sector, you see the major companies changing and lay-ing off people as they need to. Govern-ment continues to grow, and it adds not just to the discretionary spending, but also to the mandatory spending that goes into Social Security and re-tirement. We have a responsibility to the American people and to future genera-tions to fix the problems at hand in-stead of giving rhetoric and saying: Well, it is not specific enough. We need to stand up and say: The time is now. If we start now with small, incre-mental changes, we can change the di-rection of our Nation’s debt while we still have the option because the day will come when we will not have that option with our out-of-control spend-ing. I am telling my colleagues, if they really want to change the debt struc-ture in this country and get a handle on it, it is time we start now and stop talking about it. I urge people to sup-port this. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Energy for the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I offer an amendment on behalf of me and my colleague, Congressman S
COTT G
ARRETT , who is my Republican co- chair of the Payer State Caucus, which is a group of Members opposed to the massive transfer of wealth between one set of States to another. This amendment is a very simple one that would prohibit any of the funds in this bill from being used in the Experi-mental Program to Stimulate Com-petitive Research, otherwise known as EPSCoR. EPSCoR was started in 1978 as an experimental program in the hopes of strengthening research infra-structure in areas of the country that receive less than their fair share, how-ever defined. As a scientist and as an American, I think this goal is commendable, but the implementation of this program— and, in particular, the formulas used to earmark grants to a specific set of States—is absurd. The ability to par-ticipate in EPSCoR opportunities is based solely on whether or not a State has received less than 0.75 percent of the NSF research funding in the pre-vious 3 years. Let me reiterate that. The Department of Energy’s EPSCoR eligibility is determined by how much NSF research funding a given State has received in the previous 3 years. There is no rational basis for ear-marking a grant program in one area of spending based on the spending in another unrelated program. Moreover, because EPSCoR considers the funding on a per-State basis rather than on a per capita basis, it has devolved into just another one of the many programs that steers money into States that al-ready get far more than their fair share of Federal spending. EPSCoR is emblematic of a larger problem we have in this country. Every year, hundreds of billions of dollars are transferred out of States that pay far more in Federal taxes than they re-ceive back in Federal spending—the payer States—and into States that re-ceive a lot more Federal spending than they pay back in taxes—the taker States. In the case of Illinois, our econ-omy loses $40 billion a year because we pay far more in Federal taxes than we receive back in Federal spending. As for my colleague from New Jersey, his State on a per capita basis has it even worse. This alone is responsible for the fiscal stress in both of our States. This is an enormous and unjustifiable redistribution of wealth between the States. This amendment takes a first small step to begin rolling back these taker State preferences by eliminating one of the many—but one of the most unjustifiable of them—the EPSCoR program. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate my colleague’s passion for the Of-fice of Science. I am a strong supporter of the Office of Science and the work that they do. As the Nation’s largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences, the Office of Science directs important research funding to the national lab-oratories and universities across this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.107 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3230 May 25, 2016 
country. The EPSCoR program extends this even further by supporting re-search in areas where there has histori-cally been less Federal funding. The program has been successful in laying the foundation and in expanding research programs in the basic sciences across the Nation. Taking away this funding puts existing grants and part-nerships in jeopardy at the many uni-versities that receive EPSCoR grants. Therefore, I must oppose this amend-ment and urge other Members to do the same. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the chair-man for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment, which would eliminate funding for the Department of Energy’s EPSCoR program. For more than 40 years, the Depart-ment of Energy has provided academic research funding to colleges and uni-versities around the Nation, and it has been critical to ongoing research that is essential to maintaining our com-petitive edge in energy advancement. The DOE’s Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research, com-monly known as EPSCoR, is a science- driven, merit-based program, whose mission is to help balance the alloca-tion of DOE and other Federal research and development funding to avoid an undue concentration of money to only a few States. This successful program has had a profound impact on my home State of Rhode Island by allowing our academic institutions to increase research capac-ity, to enrich the experiences of their students, and to contribute to impor-tant advances in a variety of fields. Currently, 24 States, including Rhode Island, and three jurisdictions account for only about 6 percent of all DOE funding despite the fact that these States account for 20 percent of the U.S. population. EPSCoR has helped to stabilize this imbalance in funding, and it should continue to do so in the 2017 fiscal year and beyond. In order to ensure robust academic research and outcomes across the coun-try, geographic diversity in funding should be considered to ensure that we are taking advantage of the particular experiences, knowledge, and perspec-tives of academic institutions from every State. This amendment to elimi-nate this successful program would be a step backward for the United States’ commitment to research and develop-ment. Investments in critical pro-grams, such as EPSCoR, are essential to creating jobs, innovating for the fu-ture, and maintaining our competitive edge in scientific research and a global economy. I urge my colleagues to join me in strongly opposing this amendment. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, first off, I would like to emphasize that this does not take away funding from the Office of Science. It eliminates a very poorly designed set-aside that is based on spending that is completely unrelated to the actual Office of Science. If the goal of this program were to equalize the funding in the Office of Science, then it should be based on the actual expenditures of the Office of Science so that States that are under-represented there would, presumably, be able to qualify for these. It does not do that. If it were designed to equalize the spending between States that re-ceive a lot more Federal funding than those that don’t, then you would see a very different set of States in this. Particularly the fact that it is not based on a per capita basis is the fun-damental flaw in this thing. If you look at those States, the single distin-guishing characteristic is not that they are poor or rural or anything else; it is that they have small populations, which means that they are overrepre-sented in the Senate. One of the main mechanisms for transferring wealth out of large States like New Jersey, like Illinois, like Cali-fornia, and a large number of other States into smaller States are spending formulas that have, frankly, been cooked up in the Senate, where small States are overrepresented and the for-mulas steer large amounts of money into them. If this were based on a per capita basis, it would, at least, be rational. If the Office of Science’s funding were based on actual expenditures, at least in the Department of Energy, it would be rational. What we see are States re-ceiving EPSCoR funds that get far more than their share both in Federal funding and in Department of Energy funding overall. A rational program would, first off, collect all research funding in all areas and base the set- asides on that. Secondly, it would do it on a per capita basis. These are fundamental flaws, and at this point it is preferable to just elimi-nate the entire program and start over if people think it is a useful thing. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b1915 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s arguments. It sounds like we are back at the Con-stitutional Convention: Should we have the legislative branch of government be represented by the population, or should it be represented by the States? I know. Let’s compromise. Let’s have two bodies, one that represents the States with an equal number from each State, and one that represents the pop-ulation. We will call one the House of Representatives, and we will call one the Senate. That is how it works out. We are one Nation, and we try to make sure that funds go to all States. Some of them have a disadvantage just by the sheer size. And if you look at Idaho, we are the 12th largest State, and, I suspect, populationwise, we are down there substantially. Montana is probably even worse off than we are. So it is almost impossible for the univer-sities and so forth to compete with some of the larger States. So we can argue about whether the formulas are correct or absolutely cor-rect or if they shouldn’t be modified or anything else like that, and I am more than willing to do that, but to elimi-nate the program I think is just an en-tire mistake. I would urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . BLACK  
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. 508. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 642(a) of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373(a)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, sanc-tuary cities flaunt our laws and put our citizens at risk. We need only to look at the tragic 2015 murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco to see the grave danger of allowing cities to ig-nore the Federal immigration policy. We cannot allow this to stand. That is why I am introducing this amendment to the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations bill that would ban funding to any State or city that refuses to comply with our immigration laws. Mr. Chair, I recognize that some of my colleagues may say that an amend-ment like this is better suited on the Homeland Security or the Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations bill; and, indeed, I joined my colleague, Congressman G
OSAR , on a letter to the subcommittees asking that similar language be attached to their bills as well. But the truth is, Mr. Chairman, amnesty for lawbreakers impacts every aspect of our society: our jobs, our se-curity, and, in the case of Ms. Steinle, a young innocent woman’s life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.109 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3231 May 25, 2016 
I believe the crisis of sanctuary cities demands a multipronged response, and this amendment can be a piece of that effort. If cities choose to put their citi-zens at risk in defiance of Federal law—yes, in defiance of Federal law— there is no reason to continue spending Federal money on their energy and water projects. It is really that simple. I urge my colleagues to take a vote for your constituents and support this commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, the Black amendment would prohibit financial assistance to any State or political subdivision that is acting in contraven-tion of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act. But this is an energy and water bill. This isn’t a part of our bill. I rise in opposition to the amend-ment because it is, frankly, non-germane. The Department of Energy isn’t involved. The Army Corps of En-gineers or the Bureau of Reclamation or the regional independent agencies that are under the jurisdiction of this bill have nothing to do with the con-cern that the gentlewoman raises. Why are we debating immigration policy on an Energy and Water Appro-priations bill? It doesn’t make any sense. Frankly, the amendment would pro-hibit funding for State and local gov-ernments that have policies against the sharing of information related to immigration status, but State and local law enforcement routinely and automatically share biometric infor-mation with ICE that is used to deter-mine immigration status. They do so through the same electronic system that shares these biometrics with the FBI for checks against the criminal databases. So even if this amendment were germane, I don’t think the amendment is necessary or would do what the gentlewoman believes that it would do. Even more to the point, if the premise of the amendment is that local law enforcement agencies aren’t noti-fying ICE prior to releasing from cus-tody individuals who fit ICE immigra-tion enforcement priorities, then the amendment is misguided because the Department of Homeland Security has established a priority enforcement pro-gram, known as the PEP, designed to better work with State and local law enforcement to take custody of crimi-nal aliens who pose a danger in public safety before they are released into our communities. Prior to that program’s establish-ment, 377 jurisdictions refused to honor some or all of ICE detainers. But as of early this year, 277 of those jurisdic-tions, or 73 percent, have now signed up to participate in that program by re-sponding to ICE requests for notifica-tion, honoring detainer requests, or both. So the Department of Homeland Se-curity is making good progress in solic-iting the participation of State and local law enforcement in the PEP pro-gram, and we should support them in those efforts and avoid muddling the issue and reject this amendment. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity is not a part of the Appropriations Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee; and it is doubtful that this amendment would have any effect, even if it were ger-mane to the bill and not subject to a point of order. Because this biometric sharing sys-tem is in effect across the country, no jurisdiction currently refuses to share information about immigration with ICE. So, as a result, it is difficult to see how this amendment would have any effect whatsoever, even if it were of-fered on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Com-mittee or the Department of Homeland Security bills. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Frankly, it is not germane to this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, it really is ironic that this amendment is even necessary. It would not be necessary if the executive branch and the Depart-ment of Justice and Homeland Secu-rity were all doing their job and apply-ing the law to each one of these sanc-tuary cities. I do want to point to the fact that, back in February of this year, Attor-ney General Loretta Lynch testified before the House Appropriations Com-mittee. It was in that committee that she talked about cracking down on what is happening in these sanctuary cities. I want to read what was in The Washington Times that came as a re-sult of that testimony: ‘‘The Obama administration is pre-paring to crack down on sanctuary cit-ies, Attorney General Loretta Lynch told Congress on Wednesday, saying she would try to stop Federal grant money from going to jurisdictions that actively thwart agents seeking to de-port illegal immigrants.’’ It goes on to say that there was a fol-low-up in a letter to Mr. C
ULBERSON  that week that the Justice Department said that if it determined that a city or a county receiving Federal grants is re-fusing to cooperate with ICE agents, they could lose money and face crimi-nal prosecution. So, hopefully, we will see the admin-istration crack down on what really is unlawful, and that is for these sanc-tuary cities to be in operation at all. They should not be receiving any Fed-eral funds in each one of these appro-priation bills, and that is exactly what this amendment does. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. No Federal funds under this Act may be used for a project with respect to which an investigation was initiated by the Inspector General of the Department of the Interior during calendar years 2015, 2016, or 2017. 
Mr. M CNERNEY (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment be considered read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I would object to waiving the reading. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, Cali-fornia, like much of the West, has been enduring a devastating drought. This affects the livelihoods of families, farmers, and small businesses through-out the State. California’s Governor now wants to move forward with something called WaterFix tunnels plan, which will build two massive tunnels to divert water from one part of the State to an-other. I agree with every other Californian that we need long-term, statewide solu-tions to our State’s water needs. I agree that there needs to be some level of certainty for the families, farmers, and small businesses about our water supply. To do that, we need to focus on conservation, recycling, reuse, storage, and leak detection and fixing. The WaterFix tunnels do none of these things. It creates no new water at all. California voters and the State legis-lature haven’t agreed on whether or not to fund this project, which is ex-pected to exceed at least $25 billion, and that cost keeps rising. In addition, the Federal Government is expected to contribute $4 billion. The cost of this plan is an even more important issue now that the Depart-ment of the Interior inspector general has opened an investigation into the possible illegal use of millions of dol-lars by the California Department of Water Resources in preparing environ-mental documents for the WaterFix tunnels plan. Instead of funding impor-tant habitat improvements, the State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.112 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3232 May 25, 2016 
administration may be using Federal funds for the tunnel plan that will harm critical habitat for at least five endangered and threatened species. California needs a water solution for the entire State, not one that is too ex-pensive, doesn’t create water, and is potentially the source of misappro-priated funds. We have to use the fund-ing for projects that make sense for California, that make California resil-ient and regionally self-sufficient. My amendment will ban the govern-ment from funding tunnels taking our water, especially while subject to Fed-eral investigation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I insist on my point of order. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I make a point of order against the amend-ment because it proposes to change ex-isting law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appro-priation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ The amendment imposes additional duties. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this amendment requires a new determination on the Federal officials covered by the bill with regard to investigations of the De-partment of the Interior. The amendment, therefore, con-stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment is not in order. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment has been ruled out and is no longer pending. b1930 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. In allocating funds made avail-able by this Act for projects of the Army Corps of Engineers, the Chief of Engineers shall give priority to the Dog River, Fowl River, Fly Creek, Bayou Coden, and Bayou La Batre projects. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would allow for a number of important Army Corps of Engineers projects in my home district of coastal Alabama to move forward. In many areas, our Nation’s water-ways are the lifeblood of the economy. Being from a port city, I certainly un-derstand this and appreciate the work the Army Corps of Engineers does to keep our waterways well maintained. I know the Army Corps works hard in tandem with Congress to prioritize projects to keep our waterways and ports open for commerce. Unfortu-nately, at times, it seems like smaller projects in our more rural areas get ig-nored or forgotten altogether. While they may not include a major water-way, these projects are vital to many of our local communities and have a significant economic impact from com-mercial and recreational fishing as well as tourism in general. My amendment seeks to prioritize some projects in southwest Alabama that are long overdue. These include a project to dredge Fly Creek in Baldwin County, where depths need restoring after severe flooding in 2014. Another project would allow for Dog and Fowl Rivers to be dredged to help accommo-date commercial and recreational fish-ing. This project hasn’t been touched since 2009. Yet another project that needs attention is Bayou Coden, which is an important area for local ship-building. I must thank the Army Corps of En-gineers for their attention to a few projects in coastal Alabama, such as dredging Perdido Pass and the Bon Secour River. These are critical projects, but more work remains. Mr. Chairman, I understand that my amendment may not be allowed under House rules, but I believe it is impor-tant to have this debate and remind the Committee on Appropriations as well as the Army Corps of Engineers about the importance of these smaller projects that really make a huge dif-ference in communities across the United States. In these tight budget times, I know it can be difficult to balance the need for major Army Corps projects with small-er projects like the one I have men-tioned, but I hope the Army Corps will work with Congress to seek a proper balance that ensures our smaller wa-terways receive the maintenance and attention they deserve. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve my point of order. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I do understand the gentleman’s concern. In fact, this is an issue we hear about from quite a few Members. The admin-istration’s insistence on budgeting on tonnage alone with no other consider-ation is shortsighted. That is why this bill provides additional funding specifi-cally for small navigation projects, and the report encourages the administra-tion to correct its budget criteria. Unfortunately, the gentleman’s amendment would establish priority in funding for specific projects. That is not something I can support, particu-larly in light of the House prohibition on congressional earmarks. I would urge my colleague to with-draw his amendment and instead con-tinue to work with the committee to show the administration the impor-tance of small navigation projects. Mr. BYRNE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-tleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s words. He is a man of his word. I appreciate his un-derstanding the importance of these projects. Having heard his words, I ask unani-mous consent to withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to issue Federal debt forgiveness or capital repayment for-giveness for any district or entity served by the Central Valley Project if the district or entity has been subject to an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission finding a violation of section 17(a)(2) of the Securi-ties Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77q(a)(2)). 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is being raised to raise awareness of a very unjust situation. My amendment would ban Federal funding for debt forgiveness to any en-tity that has been subject to an order finding a violation of the Securities Act of 1933. This is timely because there was a hearing yesterday in the Committee on Natural Resources that included two bills that would affirm a drainage set-tlement between the United States and Westlands Water District. This settle-ment would award Federal forgiveness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.114 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3233 May 25, 2016 
to Westlands, which has violated such an SEC order. These agreements matter because they will result in a $300 million tax-payer giveaway. They also fail to ad-dress or solve the extreme water pollu-tion these irrigation districts discharge into the San Joaquin River and Cali-fornia delta estuary. These settlement agreements do not require enough land retirements and provide more access to water, further draining the delta, and there are no real performance standards or over-sight if pollution runoff is mis-managed. Considering recent news of the SEC fining Westlands due to its conduct in misleading investors about its finan-cial health, the lack of specific per-formance standards and enforcement tools makes the current settlement terms even more questionable. My amendment will ban the govern-ment from funding the debt forgiveness of these agreements not only because these agreements are bad for Cali-fornia, but no entity should have Fed-eral debt forgiveness when they have violated Federal laws. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used for the Energy Information Administration. (b) The amount otherwise made available by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—En-ergy Programs—Energy Information Admin-istration’’ is hereby reduced to $0. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit any funding from going to the Energy Information Administration, which under this bill is set to receive $122 million in tax-payer money. Mr. Chairman, rule XXI of the House rules prohibits funding programs that are not authorized under law. The au-thorization process is so important be-cause it gives Congress the ability to set each agency’s agenda, provide prop-er oversight, and ensure the agency is fulfilling the mission it was designed by Congress to meet. Nearly one-third of the Federal dis-cretionary spending goes to programs whose mandate to exist has expired. In this bill, we will fund 28 programs that have expired authorizations, many which expired in the 1980s. One pro-gram that we are funding has existed since the 1970s, but has never been au-thorized by Congress. The Energy Information Administra-tion, which this amendment would block funding for, is one of the worst offenders. Its authorization expired in 1984, over 30 years ago. That means that the last time this agency received proper congressional instructions, oversight, and review, the Los Angeles Raiders had won the Super Bowl, Ron-ald Reagan was in the White House, and ‘‘Ghostbusters’’ was in the thea-ters. The Energy Information Administra-tion has seen its fair share of chal-lenges since it was last authorized. In fact, a few years ago The Wall Street Journal wrote an article about how er-rors by the EIA caused a significant jump in oil prices. The same story noted that the agency was vulnerable to hacking and that information could be easily compromised, yet this body has not acted on an authorization. Mr. Chairman, I don’t question that there may be some important functions performed by this agency, but at some point we must have accountability in the authorization process. If my amendment is approved, we can send a message as a House that we are serious about fiscal discipline and demand that, if a program is worthy to receive taxpayer funds, it should be authorized by the Congress. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, this is kind of a hard one because I have to tell you, in all honesty, I agree with the gentleman. There are too many programs that are not authorized. Un-fortunately, it is not the Committee on Appropriations’ responsibility. It is the authorizing committees that haven’t been doing their job. It is not the EIA’s fault that they are not reauthorized. It is that Congress has not done their job in reauthorizing them. As the gentleman has stated, there are many, many programs throughout. I think the whole Depart-ment of State is up for reauthorization and hasn’t been reauthorized. The gentleman is absolutely right. We need to do something about that. We have been debating and discussing how exactly you do that. We have had various proposals. In fact, members of our Conference are looking at it now. I know Mr. M
CCLINTOCK is very inter-ested in doing this. We have talked about it several times. We are trying to find some way to force the authorizing committees to actually do their job and do the reauthorizations that are necessary. But I rise to oppose this amendment. The amendment proposes to eliminate funding for the Energy Information Ad-ministration, a semi-independent agen-cy that collects, analyzes, and dissemi-nates impartial energy statistics and information to the Nation. The EIA performs essential work for under-standing the electricity generation and energy consumption in the complex en-ergy markets that make up our Nation. The EIA provides a statistical and in-formational service to the private sec-tor that the private sector would not. Eliminating this funding would im-mediately impact the ability to per-form energy policy and would remove essential reports on the energy market. Eliminating the EIA would have vir-tually no effect on the total spending in this bill, but would negatively im-pact our ability to make energy poli-cies. I must oppose this amendment, al-though I sympathize with what the gentleman is trying to do. I would be willing to work with him and any oth-ers who are willing to work with a way to force the authorizing committees to do the authorizations that should be being redone or the reauthorizations that should being redone. The reason things expire and the rea-son they need to be reauthorized is be-cause you need to look to see if they are doing what we intended when we enacted them. Sometimes they are. Sometimes they are not. Sometimes they need be modified. Sometimes they need to be amended. But if we don’t get back to reauthorizing them, that never happens, and that is our fault, Con-gress’ fault. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. I appreciate the chair-man yielding to me. I agree with his opposition to this amendment. Why blame one of the best parts of our government, in my opinion, for Congress not doing its job? I am always impressed with the Energy Information Administration. Their data is stellar. They are professionally run. The busi-ness community looks to them. Frank-ly, the global energy community looks to them. I think the amendment is short-sighted and would eliminate one of the best, most important sources of infor-mation that guides all of our decisions. They are so precise. The data that they present also can be easily understood. They have maps. They have charts. They have continuous data over a num-ber of years. I think the gentleman wants to solve a problem, but I think that one could say that this amendment might be penny wise and pound foolish because, if you have had any experience with the Energy Information Administra-tion, you know how excellent they really are and their work is. We depend on it in order to make solid decisions to save money or to make decisions that are sound rather than unsound. Don’t rip the heart out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.119 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3234 May 25, 2016 
of one of the most important adminis-trations that we have at the Federal level on the energy front. I thank the chairman for yielding. I would urge that this amendment be defeated. Mr. SIMPSON. Let me just explain that this is something that I have been trying to find a solution to for a num-ber of years. When I was chairman of the Interior, Environment and Related Agencies Appropriations Sub-committee—this has been like 4 years ago—the Endangered Species Act had not been reauthorized for 23 years at the time. It is like 27 years now that it has not been reauthorized. We brought down the Interior appropriation bill, and we put no money in it for endan-gered species listing or for critical habitat designation, and the intent was to force the Committee on Natural Re-sources to do a reauthorization of the Endangered Species Act. b1945 The individual who was supporting me the most was the then-chairman of the Natural Resources Committee. Well, of course, we lost an amendment because nobody wants to eliminate all the funding for the Endangered Species Act. But the gentleman that supported me the most was the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee at the time, who had the ability and author-ity to go do a reauthorization of the Endangered Species Act, but didn’t do it. And it still hasn’t been done. It is frustrating. I want to work with anybody in this body that is willing to try to find a way to put pressure on the committees to do their job. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s remarks. I ac-cept his offer. I look forward to work-ing with him. We have got to start somewhere, and this is a good place to start. I heard the gentlewoman’s remarks. The Wall Street Journal reported that this agency caused an increase in oil prices by one of its malfunctions. So I don’t think it is quite a perfect agency as she made it out to be. This is a point that we need to make. And I intend to continue to make this point as we go through the appropriations process. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SEAN PATRICK  
MALONEY OF NEW YORK  
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 13672 of July 21, 2014 (‘‘Further Amendments to Executive order 11478, Equal Employment in the Federal Gov-ernment, and Executive Order 11246, Equal Employment Opportunity’’). The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, last week, I came to the floor to offer an amend-ment to preserve basic workplace pro-tections for LGBT Americans. My amendment would have kept taxpayer dollars from going to government con-tractors who discriminate against LGBT employees. That is it. It said you cannot take taxpayer dollars and fire people just for being gay. There are 28 million Americans work-ing for employers who receive taxpayer dollars, and simple math will tell you millions would have been protected from arbitrary firing. So it made sense, it was fair, and it deserved a fair vote. When the vote was held, a bipartisan majority of this House, including 36 members of the majority party, sup-ported my amendment. That tally clock right there showed 217 ‘‘yes’’ votes—4 more than the 213 needed that day to pass. With all time expired, it was clear as can be that equality had won the vote. But when the world watched, some-thing else happened. Something shame-ful happened. Something about stick-ing up for basic workplace fairness for LGBT Americans rankled certain peo-ple around here. Even though my amendment simply would have applied the same standard to LGBT employees that we have long applied when people are fired because of their race or gender or religion or disability, it simply was too much. Even though we would have preserved time-honored religious exemptions, it was too much. Something about treat-ing LGBT people fairly just wouldn’t do. So people went to work. Even though all Members had voted, strangely, the expired clock stayed up four times longer than it should have. The gavel did not fall. And as we all watched, the tally began to change: 217, 216, 215. The votes in support were dropping. Mem-bers of this House were changing their votes. Why? From being in support of fairness, they were now changing them to be opposed to it. Down the vote went, 214, 213, and yet no one came to the well, as is cus-tomary, to announce their vote. It was all in secret, happening out of sight, so no one might see the ugly reality of what was happening. And what happened? Well, when it hit 212, one vote shy of the majority it needed to pass—one vote shy of the ma-jority it had a few moments earlier— the gavel came down and the result was declared. A defeat. It was a shameful exercise, made more shameful in that it took place on a civil rights vote that enjoyed a bipar-tisan majority of support in this House. From Portland, Maine, to Des Moines, Iowa, to southeast Oregon, to Bakersfield, California, newspaper edi-torial boards, radio hosts, and ordinary citizens joined a chorus that was heard first on this floor. ‘‘Shame,’’ they said. Shame on those who would betray the will of this House, who would betray this vote, and shame on anyone who would rig this vote and rig our democ-racy. Shame on those who snatched dis-crimination from the jaws of equality, especially those ‘‘Switching Seven’’ who, having at first voted for fairness, allowed themselves to be dragged back-ward into voting for discrimination. On Friday, at a meeting of my Vet-erans’ Advisory Board back home, I spoke to decorated military heroes and civilians who have dedicated their lives to the service of this country. To a per-son, they were outraged by what hap-pened on the floor of this House. One member of the group, Edie, who served as a first lieutenant and combat medic in Vietnam, said when she heard about the rigged vote, she thought of her daughter, who right now is serving her country in the military. And Edie’s daughter is a lesbian. Edie said: 
When my daughter finishes her active mili-tary service, she will enter the civilian work-force—perhaps for a government contractor, as so many vets do. Will they be able to fire her, even though she and I are both veterans? 
Mr. Chairman, does Edie’s service in combat count for anything here? Does her daughter’s service right now to this country count for anything here? Her daughter isn’t alone. There are 71,000 Active Duty LGBT servicemen and -women right now and over 1 mil-lion LGBT veterans. Making it easier to fire LGBT Americans, even LGBT veterans, isn’t honoring our values. It is sacrificing them to preserve a worn out and dying prejudice that weakens our Nation rather than strengthening it. So, today, I want to thank Speaker R
YAN for allowing an open process so that I can offer my amendment again. It is through this open process that we can give our colleagues another chance—a second chance—to do the right thing and to stand for equality. Let us this time ensure that no tax-payer dollars will be used to discrimi-nate against hardworking Americans simply because of who they are, simply because of who they love. And we will also reaffirm legitimate religious ex-emptions that the President also in-cluded in his executive orders on this subject. Discrimination has no place in our law. It does not make our water clean-er. It does not power our homes. It doesn’t defeat ISIS. It doesn’t support our veterans. Every American deserves the right to work, support a family, and achieve the American Dream, regardless of who they are or who they love. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.121 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3235 May 25, 2016 
I urge my colleagues to stand up to discrimination and adopt my amend-ment to the bill. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PITTS TO AMEND -
MENT OFFERED BY MR . SEAN PATRICK MALO -
NEY OF NEW YORK  
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment to the amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: 
In the section proposed to be added, insert before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except as required by the First Amendment, the Fourteenth Amendment, and Article I of the Constitution’’. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve a point of order. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes on the amendment to the amendment. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to offer this perfecting amendment to my colleague’s amendment. This is amendment is very simple. It would merely state that, as the Federal Government spends money with regard to contracting, the administration must not run afoul of the First Amend-ment, the 14th Amendment, or Article I of the Constitution. The President’s executive order re-ferred to in the Maloney amendment defines a law that was never defined by Congress. It violates the equal protec-tion rights of individuals who are merely seeking work from the govern-ment. With this amendment, this Congress can help ensure that, while funds may be going out the door to implement this policy, he must respect Congress’ authority to write the law, respect an individual’s right to exercise his or her religion, and respect their rights to work. Does anyone in this Chamber seri-ously oppose Article I of the Constitu-tion, the First Amendment, or the 14th Amendment? I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Constitution and lim-iting the damaging effects of this exec-utive order. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, may I have the amendment read back? Does it in-clude only the First Amendment, the 14th Amendment, and the Equal Pro-tection Clause? The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the amendment to the amend-ment will be reported. There was no objection. The Clerk reported the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I would like to ask my colleague what is meant by Ar-ticle I of the Constitution, if he could clarify that for us. No one who supports my amend-ment—certainly, not I—has any prob-lem with the First Amendment, the 14th Amendment, particularly the Equal Protection Clause, or with Arti-cle I of the Constitution, I assure the gentleman. I also, however, would note—and I am sure the gentleman would appre-ciate—that many times throughout American history, Presidents, under their authority under the Constitution, have acted in the area of workplace discrimination, particularly in the ex-ecutive branch. For example, would the gentleman oppose President Truman’s action to integrate the armed services? Perhaps he would like that order to be cir-cumscribed in some way, if he thinks that violates Article I of the Constitu-tion, the 14th Amendment, or the First Amendment to the Constitution? In other words, the President has, throughout American history, under his constitutional authority, taken ac-tions to widen the circle of opportunity and to end discrimination in the execu-tive branch. Nothing in my amendment is in any way at odds with the Constitution of the United States or the amendments thereto, but it should not be allowed to go unchallenged on the floor of this House to suggest that President Obama, in his executive action in 2014, ran afoul of any of those things either. Indeed, I am unaware of any legal challenge to the President’s action in those executive orders of 2014. It is pretty clear to me that, if there was something illegal or unconstitutional about them, there would have been a challenge. I don’t think anybody seriously con-tests the President’s authority to do what he did in 2014, and many Ameri-cans welcome it as one of the signature equal protection actions by a Com-mander in Chief or by a President of the United States. So, far from being concerned about reconciling our activities with the Con-stitution, we believe they are perfectly consistent. Therefore, I would ask the gentleman if he would be willing to also include, since we are so fond of the Constitution, Article II of the Con-stitution which specifies the powers of the President? If the gentleman would answer that question. In other words, if we are so fond of the Constitution, what do you say we follow the whole thing, including the Civil War amendments, including some of the things about equal protection and due process. You might have heard something about that. We had a little bit dispute about that in the mid-19th century. What do you say we abide by the whole Constitution; the part that tries to make it more progressive, more in-clusive of people like me, of people of color, of women, of people who are shut out when it was written? How about we include the whole Con-stitution? Can we do that? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will address his remarks to the Chair. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, how about we include the whole Constitution? Can we do that? Hearing no objection, I assume we are including the entire Constitution, including the powers of the President under Article II. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has yielded back his time. Therefore, the gentleman from New York is recognized on the amendment to the amendment. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Well, then, let me just say again, the point of today’s vote is to redo a mistake that was made in this House. b2000 But of course it wasn’t really a mis-take, was it? It was an effort to change the out-come of a bipartisan majority sup-porting an amendment to end discrimi-nation in Federal contracting. So today, what we are doing is get-ting a second bite at that apple, giving Members a chance to vote their con-science, to do the right thing, free from any pressure, free from any vote swap-ping or switching, free from a clock being held open long after it should have closed. The American people want to know if their government is on the level, so let’s have this vote on the level. We know there is a bipartisan majority for equality in this House, and, if allowed a fair vote, we know what the outcome will be. I look forward to that vote, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I with-draw my reservation of a point of order on the amendment to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to say that I associate myself with Congressman M
ALONEY ’s remarks. Workplace discrimination is a crime that we, as lawmakers, have long sought to mitigate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.124 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3236 May 25, 2016 
I have to say I admire him for his courage, for his eloquence, and for being here this evening. I yield to the gentleman from New York in order to complete his state-ment. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 4
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I want to make it perfectly clear that we stand here as servants of the Constitution, all of us, and all of the actions we take here are subject to that beautiful docu-ment, as amended. So there is nothing about the gentle-man’s amendment, to the extent that it simply restates what is obvious which is that all of our actions are sub-ject to the Constitution, that we would object to. My only point is simply that we need to read it as a whole document. We don’t need to read anything into it. We can read the text. We can understand the history of the text. We can under-stand the global and expansive nature of the language written into the Con-stitution after the searing experience of the Civil War around equal protec-tion, around due process. We don’t fear the Constitution; we welcome it. We embrace it. We claim it as our own when we come to this floor and ask that the circle of opportunity be widened for others who have been excluded before. We think that is in the best tradition of the American Constitution. We be-lieve the Constitution provides a series of promises that, as King said, it is a promissory note and that a check was written; we are coming to cash it so we will all be treated equally, so we will all be treated fairly, that we all count. Regardless of who we love, regardless of the color of our skin, whether we walk in or roll in, we believe we all count. And we believe that the Con-stitution enshrines those values in the most beautiful way in all of human his-tory. So, far from being concerned in any way by the gentleman’s amendment, we welcome it. But let it not detract from the fact that what happened in this House was an effort to enshrine and rationalize discrimination under Federal law. And despite the success we had in defeating that with a bipartisan majority, there were those here who wanted to perpet-uate discrimination at the expense of equality. That is inconsistent with the Con-stitution, Mr. Chairman. And let that be the final word on this. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 1
1⁄4minutes remaining. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, let me just end by saying, this country has a long and storied history of supporting civil rights and worker rights, and that spirit was clearly violated last week during the vote on the spending bill. We know that businesses should oper-ate under strict rules of fairness and equality, and, certainly, the Federal Government should. I am just grateful that we could all be here this evening and try to find a way to move America forward and to make progress, not just for the people of this country, but for humankind. This amendment will ensure that we are able to achieve a fully equitable workplace and society. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time having expired on the amendment to the amendment, does any Member seek time in opposition to the first-degree amendment offered by Representative MALONEY ? If not, the Chair will put the question on the amendment to the amendment. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) to the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY ). The amendment to the amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. S
EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY ), as amended. The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York, as amended, will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in contravention of— (1) the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 2000bb et seq.); (2) Executive Order 13279; or (3) sections 702(a) and 703(e)(2) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e-1(a), 42 U.S.C. 2000e-2(e)(2)), or section 103(d) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12113(d)), with respect to any religious corporation, religious association, religious educational institution, or religious society. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, unlike our European forebears, the Framers made clear that our Nation would have no state church. Instead, under the First Amendment, all will be protected in the free exercise of the religion of their choosing, and we have a proud tradition of conservatives and liberals, Republicans and Democrats, working together to protect this free exercise right. In the 1963 case of Sherbert v. Verner, the liberal Justice William Brennan mandated that any government intru-sion into one’s free exercise must meet the most stringent standard of judicial review, strict scrutiny. It was actually the conservative Jus-tice Antonin Scalia who wrote the 1990 opinion in Employment Division v. Smith that rolled back the protections of Sherbert. Fortunately, 3 years later, a Demo-crat Congress and a Democrat Presi-dent, Bill Clinton, rallied large, bipar-tisan majorities to legislatively over-turn Smith in the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, otherwise known as RFRA, and restores strict scrutiny when the government seeks to invade the free exercise of religion. RFRA had 170 cosponsors. The gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) were original cosponsors. It passed by a voice vote in the House and 97–3 in the Senate. On July 21, 2014, President Obama signed Executive Order 11478 banning Federal contractors from discrimi-nating on the basis of sexual orienta-tion and gender identity in hiring. Unfortunately, despite our broad his-tory of working together to protect the free exercise right, the President re-fused to provide conscience protections for religious-based organizations who engage in government contracting. This amendment would clarify that existing religious freedom protection already in law under the RFRA, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and President Bush’s Executive Order 13279 would apply, irrespective of the amendment offered by Mr. M
ALONEY . We can debate the merits of Execu-tive Order 11478; however, we should have no problem ensuring that reli-gious entities still enjoy the protec-tions of the free exercise of religion. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I don’t have a copy of the amendment in front of me, but from what I have listened to the gentleman, it sounds like discrimi-nation in the guise of religious free-dom, and I would hope that isn’t what the gentleman intends. I have just been given language: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in contravention of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.’’ I don’t have full confidence that the equal protection of the laws for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.126 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3237 May 25, 2016 
faith-based community are fully con-sidered in this amendment, and I would have to oppose the gentleman’s amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I want to make very clear that my amendment says not one single thing about dis-crimination. It talks about religious freedom. We treat religious freedom some-times in this country like it is a sec-ondary right. It is not. It is a funda-mental right. And what my amend-ment does is make sure that people of religious conscience still have that freedom. So, far from being discrimination, it makes sure that we have freedoms for people that they have had for over 200 years; under the 1964 Civil Rights Act, for over 50 years; under the Americans with Disabilities Act, for over 25 years; and under RFRA, for over 20 years. This is not new. This is not novel. This is settled law. We are making sure we protect people here. This has noth-ing to do with discrimination. I know that some people would like to wipe out the effect of church, the ef-fect of religion, the effect of faith in the public square in America. But that is not what our Constitution is about, and I think this House should stand up for religious freedom for everybody. So I ask that everybody in this House vote for this very important amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. b2015 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HIGGINS  
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Energy to carry out, or for the salary of any officer or employee of the Department of En-ergy to carry out, the proposed action of the Department to transport target residue ma-terial from Ontario, Canada to the United States, described in the supplement analysis entitled ‘‘Supplement Analysis for the For-eign Research Reactor Spent Nuclear Fuel Acceptance Program’’, issued by the Depart-ment in November 2015 (DOE/EIS–0218–SA– 07). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Rank-ing Member K
APTUR for their work on this bill. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit the shipment of dangerous, highly radioactive liquid nuclear waste, which the Department of En-ergy plans to begin shipping by truck later this year in a series of over 100 shipments from Ontario, Canada, to South Carolina. The department wants to transport this liquid waste, which is far more ra-dioactive than spent nuclear fuel, across the northern border at the Peace Bridge and through downtown Buffalo. In contrast to spent nuclear fuel in solid form, which has a history of being shipped by land, this would constitute the first ever shipment of liquid nu-clear waste by truck in a transpor-tation cask that was never certified for this purpose. Its liquid form, if spilled, could make containment nearly impos-sible. The route crosses the Great Lakes, across the busiest passenger crossing at the northern border, and through a high-density metropolitan area. In the event of an attack or an accident, the consequences could be devastating. In spite of these concerns, the De-partment of Energy failed to comply with the National Environmental Pol-icy Act by not commencing with a new Environmental Impact Statement, in-stead, relying on old, outdated infor-mation. The evolving threat picture since 9/11 requires that the Department of En-ergy reassess the manner in which it ships such dangerous materials. Proceeding with the shipments would also ignore the will of the House, which unanimously passed legislation requir-ing the Department of Homeland Secu-rity perform a terrorism threat assess-ment regarding the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear and radio-logical materials through the United States. To reiterate, my bill would only im-pact one type of nuclear waste ship-ment, and other shipments of spent nu-clear fuel would not be affected. I urge support for my amendment, which would prohibit these shipments until the Department of Energy per-forms a full and thorough review proc-ess. Proceeding without doing so would seriously compromise public safety. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. H
IGGINS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: (A) within a three-year period preceding this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or (B) are presently indicted for, or otherwise criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated above in subsection (A); or (C) within a three-year period preceding this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is identical to other amendments that have been inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill considered under an open rule dur-ing the 113th and 114th Congresses. The amendment simply expands the list of parties with whom the Federal Govern-ment is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of the contractors. I hope that this amendment remains noncontroversial. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Islamic Repub-lic of Iran. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of my amendment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.127 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3238 May 25, 2016 
prohibit any contracts or Federal as-sistance to the Islamic Republic of Iran from being funded in this Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill. As a result of this recent nuclear deal, Iran is now cleared to receive up to $150 billion in assets that should have never made its way back to the Ayatollahs. Iran is the world’s leading State sponsor of terrorism. Any dollar sent to Iran’s government is a dollar sent to a brutal, apocalyptic, and dangerous regime that routinely flouts inter-national norms, threatens to wipe Israel off the map, captures and hu-miliates our U.S. sailors, flagrantly violating Geneva Convention rules, and is responsible for the murders of hun-dreds of United States soldiers. Passage of this amendment will wipe the slate clean of any potential for money from the hardworking tax-payers in my district and from across the United States of America to go to Iran. No money for contracts to buy their heavy water, no money for their so-called civilian nuclear power pro-gram. Let’s not get fooled again like we did with North Korea. The Iran deal was only given an ‘‘aye’’ vote by 162 Members of this House—a very small total. The Presi-dent may have lifted the sanctions that Congress passed in 2010, but there is no reason that we cannot take this step to show Iran and the world that we are se-rious about putting them back in place for their flagrant violations. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose this amendment and want to begin by saying that ideological riders have no place on appropriation bills, certainly on this bill, and, frankly, I don’t believe that this is even germane to the Energy and Water Development bill. This amendment is just the first of many possible attempts to tie the hands of the administration from im-plementing an extremely important international agreement that will re-sult in exactly the opposite of what the gentleman infers. The plan of action that was agreed to by several countries, P5+1, closed the four pathways through which Iran could get to a nuclear weapon in less than a year. We do not gain anything by putting limitations on United States’ ability to engage or monitor Iran’s compliance with the agreement. The President has repeatedly said that he will continue to take aggressive steps to counter any activities in viola-tion of existing sanctions, and this in-cludes restrictions on certain nuclear- related transfers, conventional arms, and ballistic missile items, certain asset freezes and travel bans, as well as cargo inspections. Today, international inspectors are on the ground, and Iran is being sub-jected to the most comprehensive, in-trusive inspection regime ever nego-tiated to monitor a nuclear program. Inspectors will remain to monitor Iran’s key nuclear facilities 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. For decades to come, inspectors will have access to Iran’s entire nuclear supply chain. That is an incredible achievement. The Department of Energy’s vast ex-pertise in the nuclear fuel cycle, nu-clear safeguards and security, and nu-clear materials plays a critical role in informing and ensuring that Iran is meeting its nuclear commitments. To date, experts at the Department of Energy headquarters, seven national laboratories, and two Department of Energy nuclear sites have been ac-tively involved in reaching and now implementing the agreement. These experts will continue to support the International Atomic Energy Agency’s monitoring and verification activities worldwide and are vital as the United States works with our P5+1 and Euro-pean Union partners to ensure viability into Iran’s nuclear program. Why would we proactively cut off our nonproliferation program and experts from working to prevent Iran to achieve nuclear weapons? Isn’t that counter to our own national security interests? In other words, if Iran tries to cheat, if they try to build a bomb covertly, we will catch them, the world will catch them, unless we here in Congress undo these efforts and adopt amendments such as the one we are discussing now. The bottom line is this: Iran was steadily expanding its nuclear pro-gram. The agreement has now cut off every single path to build a bomb. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this harmful amendment and encourage my col-leagues to oppose as well. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used in contraven-tion of Executive Order No. 13547 of July 19, 2010. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce section 506 of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I, along with Representatives C
ICILLINE , F
ARR, LANGEVIN , KEATING , BEYER , and PETERS have introduced an amendment to clarify that the National Ocean Pol-icy is a critical multiagency action that should be implemented. Mr. Chair, my district is a poster child for the need for ocean coordina-tion and information sharing between local, State, and Federal Governments, and the military, ports, shippers, en-ergy developers, recreational users, and other stakeholders. I know firsthand that we can have a thriving ocean economy and at the same time protect and conserve our precious ocean re-sources. For example, the Port of Long Beach is the second busiest port in the United States in my district, moving $140 bil-lion in goods, supporting 1.4 million jobs in the United States. Offshore oil platforms extract crude oil in San Pedro Bay less than a mile from my front door. San Clemente Is-land in my district has a Navy training ground and a ship-to-shore firing range. Nearby waters are home to seabirds, fisheries, and migrating whales. Sea level rise and extreme weather threaten neighborhoods and businesses all along my district and the entire coast of California. With so much activity happening, it simply makes sense to have the Navy at the table when NOAA is working on siting of a new aquaculture installa-tion. It makes sense to have the fishery management council weigh in when oil rigs are being decommissioned, and it is a no-brainer that NOAA, the Coast Guard, and the ports all work together to get these massive ships in and out of port safely. We want these collaborations to hap-pen because we want to have a sustain-able ocean economy, and by developing regional plans and having a framework for multi-stakeholder involvement, we can streamline this process and pro-mote a robust ocean economy that also conserves our precious ocean resources. The country and my district need a comprehensive approach to our ocean resources, which the National Ocean Policy provides. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, while there may be instances in which great-er coordination would be helpful in en-suring our ocean and coastal resources are available to future generations, any such coordination must be done carefully to protect against Federal overreach. b2030 As we have seen recently with the proposed rule to redefine waters of the United States, strong congressional oversight is needed to ensure that we protect private property rights. Unfortunately, the way the adminis-tration developed its National Ocean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.134 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3239 May 25, 2016 
Policy, it increases the opportunities for overreach. The implementation plan is so broad and so sweeping, that it may allow the Federal Government to effect agricultural practices, min-ing, energy producers, fishermen, and anyone else whose actions may have an impact on the oceans. The fact is the administration did not work with Congress to develop this plan and has even refused to provide relevant information to Congress, so we can’t be sure how sweeping it actu-ally will be. That is why I support the language in the underlying bill and, therefore, oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, there is an agreement among all of us that there needs to be more coordina-tion among all of the stakeholders to make smart decisions about our ocean resources. However, many on the other side of the aisle oppose the National Ocean Policy on the grounds that, as we have just heard, it is overreach, which is authorized by an executive order of a President that they don’t like. To me, this seems petty. National Ocean Policy is not a failed policy like some suggest, nor is it an instance of executive overreach. It is merely a commonsense way to facilitate multi-stakeholder collaboration on complex ocean issues, and it promotes economic opportunity, national security, and en-vironmental protection. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be spent by the Army Corps of Engineers to award contracts using the lowest price technically acceptable source selection process unless the source se-lection decision is documented and such doc-umentation includes the rationale for any business judgments and tradeoffs made or re-lied on by the source selection authority, in-cluding benefits associated with additional costs. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the amend-ment be considered read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I will be brief. The night is getting long, and the committee has done some great work on the underlying bill. This amendment is a commonsense amendment, one meant to provide transparency as it relates to the Army Corps of Engineers and the awarding of contracts. When they actually award a technically acceptable lowest bid, the rationale and the other transparency documents would actually be reported that no funds could be extended except for those express purposes. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—En-ergy Programs—Science’’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member, Ms. K
APTUR , her staff, and the chair-man of the subcommittee, Mr. S
IMP-
SON, and staff and others because they have been working hard. I want to emphasize that this is an amendment that was approved and adopted in an identical form on April 29, 2015, during the 114th Congress, as an amendment to H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. I do this amendment because I do be-lieve it is extremely important. If you travel around this country, whether it is Silicon Valley, whether it is NASA, whether it is dealing with energy re-sources, renewable and otherwise, you realize the importance of science, tech-nology, engineering, and math. Twenty years ago, Mr. Chairman, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing Federal agencies to identify and ad-dress the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environ-mental effects of their actions on mi-nority and low-income populations. The Department of Energy seeks to provide equal access to these opportu-nities for underrepresented groups in STEM, including minorities, Native Americans, and women. We need pro-fessionals in these areas to be able to assess the various impacts, environ-mental impacts, on the minority com-munity. But, more importantly, we also need our organizations, such as Historically Black Colleges and other colleges, to make sure to include op-portunities for minority and women students. They make up 70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree holders. This large pool of untapped talent is a great potential source of STEM pro-fessionals. As the Nation’s demo-graphics change, I think it is impera-tive that we emphasize in the various Federal agencies that we need to pro-vide and extend opportunities for mi-norities in science, technology, engi-neering, and math. Earlier today, I had the opportunity to visit with Scott Kelly. One would call him the miracle astronaut, spend-ing over 300 days on the International Space Station. The International Space Station was the entity built some years ago when I was on the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. But to realize that a human being tested himself to stay, an Amer-ican making history. I believe science, technology, engineering, and math commemorates and celebrates the giant work of Scott Kelly, but it pro-duces more Scott Kellys. I applaud Energy Secretary Moniz’s commitment, which will increase the Nation’s economic competitiveness and enable more of our people to realize their full potential. I would ask my colleagues to support this amendment, as it has been sup-ported in the past, to again, through this legislation, emphasize the impor-tance of science, technology, engineer-ing, and math. I ask support for the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to describe my amendment, which simply pro-vides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Science’ may be used in con-travention of the Department of Energy Orga-nization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.).’’ This amendment was approved and adopt-ed in identical form on April 29, 2015, during the 114th Congress as an amendment to H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Resources Ap-propriations Act of 2016. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman S
IMP-
SON and Ranking Member K APTUR for their stewardship in bringing this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and re-sources so that they can serve and be en-joyed by generations to come. Mr. Chair, twenty years ago, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environ-mental effects of their actions on minority and low-income populations. The Department of Energy seeks to provide equal access in these opportunities for under-represented groups in STEM, including minori-ties, Native Americans, and women. Mr. Chair, women and minorities make up 70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree hold-ers. This large pool of untapped talent is a great potential source of STEM professionals. As the nation’s demographics are shifting and now most children under the age of one are minorities, it is critical that we close the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.137 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3240 May 25, 2016 
gap in the number of minorities who seek STEM opportunities. I applaud the Energy Secretary Moniz’s commitment which will increase the nation’s economic competitiveness and enable more of our people to realize their full potential. Mr. Chair, there are still a great many sci-entific riddles left to be solved—and perhaps one of these days a minority engineer or biolo-gist will come-up with some of the solutions. The larger point is that we need more STEM educators and more minorities to qual-ify for them. The energy and science education pro-grams funded in part by this bill will help en-sure that members of underrepresented com-munities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environmental sustain-ability, preservation, and health. Through education about the importance of environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. Through community education efforts, teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. The Department of Energy places interns and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy pro-grams. The DOE also works to increase low income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. With the continuation of this kind of funding, we can increase diversity, provide clean en-ergy options to our most underserved commu-nities, and help improve their environments, which will yield better health outcomes and greater public awareness. But most importantly businesses will have more consumers to whom they may engage in related commercial activities. My amendment will help ensure that under-represented communities are able to partici-pate and contribute equitably in the energy and scientific future. I ask my colleagues to join me and support the Jackson Lee Amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Continental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which would prohibit the Department of En-ergy funding from being used for the Cape Wind offshore wind generation project in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. I offered this amendment in last year’s appropriation, and it was adopt-ed by a voice vote, so I believe it should be fairly noncontroversial. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Nearly 2 years ago, the Department of Energy offered conditional commit-ments for the Cape Wind project of a $150 million loan guarantee. Since that time, the project has been plagued by setbacks amid concerns about its im-pact on the environment, disruptions of safety for passenger aircraft, or just the high cost of electricity produced by the proposed facility. Last year, two of the State’s utilities terminated con-tracts to purchase power from the wind farm, jeopardizing the viability of the project. I believe we should encourage the de-velopment of all forms of energy. Re-newable sources like wind power are important for our Nation’s energy portfolio. But this project, in particular, has a troubled history. This amendment seeks to ensure that the American tax-payers do not have to foot the bill if the project fails. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers-Civil—Investigations’’, and increasing the amount made available for the same ac-count, by $3,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, allow me again to thank Mr. S
IMPSON  and Ms. K
APTUR for their work on this energy and water bill that is so very important, and emphasize the impor-tance of this legislation to many and all regions of the United States of America. My amendment speaks to the need for robust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers investigations ac-count. Let me be very clear. It speaks to the general need for robust funding for the investigations account, and it speaks to it in terminology of re-directing $3 million for increased fund-ing for postdisaster watershed assess-ment studies, like the one that is being contemplated for the Houston/Harris County metropolitan area. It does this to emphasize the importance of the in-vestigations account, not to single out a particular project, but for describing a project, which I will take time to do. I am pleased that H.R. 5055 provides $120 million for the investigations ac-count. This is very important to the Army Corps of Engineers. As a Federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduc-tion, shore protection, aquatic eco-system restoration, and conducts de-tailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a crit-ical role in building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the Na-tion’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home State of Texas and the 18th Congressional Dis-trict. Over the last 2 years, Mr. Chairman, 2 years around the exact same time, we didn’t have something called a hurri-cane. We had a heavy rain in April-May of 2015 and April of 2016. 2016 had 20 inches of rain, which was enormous. The damage was unbelievable. Let me cite for you the words from the Greater Houston Partnership that supports this amendment: ‘‘Perhaps the most telling statistic of all: based on the 7,021 calls the United Way of Greater Houston has received through its 2–1-1 line, 1,937 calls have been requests for ‘food replacement.’’’ The amount of money that was lost was $1.9 billion in damage during the weeks that followed the storm, which includes damage to homes, cars, schools, parks, churches, roadways, and other important elements of our infrastructure. This is what we faced in Houston, Texas. I am recounting that and indicating that we believe this investigations ac-count is so very important. It will have the opportunity, through a $3 million study, to deal with the bayous that are located in the larger Houston/Harris County area: Sims Bayou, Greens Bayou, Brays Bayou, White Oak Bayou, Hunting Bayou, and Clear Creek. Again, let me be very clear. As the Army Corps of Engineers works through their work study program, this investigations account will be enor-mously important. We have also received a letter from Members of the United States Congress supporting the study of all of the bay-ous in our community. We want to en-sure that the account is robust to pro-vide that possible opportunity. Let me indicate to my colleagues again, the investigations account is $120 million. We rise to support it. We also rise to acknowledge the need for the utilization of those funds all over America, and certainly in Houston/Har-ris County, Texas, and the surrounding counties, which will help us, through a study, have a better pathway to how we fix this, how do we not have this be Houston next year in 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.076 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3241 May 25, 2016 
Let me thank my colleagues. I reserve the balance of my time. b2045 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, first, let me assure my colleague that I under-stand her interest in addressing the flooding risks in her district in Hous-ton. Besides the fact that the fiscal year 2017 Energy and Water bill includes a total of $13.3 million above the budget request for flood and storm damage re-duction studies, the bill also allows for several new studies to be initiated, and the Corps could choose the study of in-terest to the gentlewoman as one of them. Since this amendment does not change the funding levels within the bill, I do not oppose the amendment. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, Congresswoman S
HEILA  J
ACKSON LEEhas been absolutely unre-lenting in her representation of Hous-ton and of the serious situation that is faced there by the citizenry and leaders because of the flooding. What a tre-mendous voice she is for the people whom she represents. There isn’t a time that I see her in the elevators or walking around that she doesn’t ask me about this bill and about wanting to come down and amend it to make sure that it is sensitive to the needs of Houston. I just wanted to put that on the record. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the dis-tinguished gentleman and the distin-guished gentlewoman for their cour-tesies. I want the chairman to know that I have acknowledged in my written statement the funds that he has placed in the legislation. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment as a very fine statement that contributes to this bill, to the people of the Nation, but also to the people of Texas and Houston. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman S
IMP-
SON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep- herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great nat-ural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment speaks to the need for ro-bust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers ‘‘Investigations’’ account by redirecting $3 million for increases funding for post-dis-aster watershed assessment studies, like the one that is being contemplated for the Hous-ton/Harris County metropolitan area. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that H.R. 5055 pro-vides $120 million for the Investigations ac-count. As the federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduc-tion, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem res-toration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineer plays a critical role in the building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the nation’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home state of Texas and the Eighteenth Congres-sional District that I represent. The Army Corps of Engineers has been working with the Harris County I Flood Control District since 1937 to reduce the risk of flood-ing within Harris County. Current projects include 6 federal flood risk management projects: 1. Sims Bayou 2. Greens Bayou 3. Brays Bayou 4. White Oak Bayou 5. Hunting Bayou, and 6. Clear Creek In addition to these ongoing projects, the Army Corps of Engineers operates and main-tains the Addicks and Barker (A&B) Detention Dams in northwest Harris County. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that the bill provides that the Secretary of the Army may initiate up to six new study starts during fiscal year 2017, and that five of those studies are to consist studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from flood and storm damage reduc-tion or from navigation transportation savings. I am optimistic that one of those new study starts will be the Houston Regional Watershed Assessment Flood Risk Management Feasi-bility study. Such a study is certainly needed given the frequency and severity of historic-level flood events in recent years in and around the Houston metropolitan area. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500 year flood event record. The areas that experienced these historic rain falls were west of 1–45, north of I–10, and Greens Bayou. Additionally, an estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. The purpose of the Houston Regional Wa-tershed Assessment is to identify risk reduc-tion measures and optimize performance from a multi-objective systems performance per-spective of the regional network of nested and intermingled watersheds, reservoir dams, flood flow conveyance channels, storm water deten-tion basins, and related Flood Risk Manage-ment (FRM) infrastructure. Special emphasis of the study, which covers 22 primary watersheds within Harris County’s 1,756 square miles, will be placed on extreme flood events that exceed the system capacity resulting in impacts to asset conditions/func-tions and loss of life. Mr. Chair, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,015 homes were flooded and 8 per-sons died; during the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded and 8 deaths recorded. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 billion; the 2016 estimate is being compiled and is esti-mated to be well above $2 billion. Mr. Chair, minimizing the risk of flood dam-age to the Houston and Harris County metro-politan area, the nation’s 4th largest, is a mat-ter of national significance because the region is one of the nation’s major technology, en-ergy, finance, export and medical centers: 1. Port of Houston is the largest bulk port in the world; 2. Texas Medical Center is a world re-nowned teaching, research and treatment cen-ter; 3. Houston is home to the largest conglom-eration of foreign bank representation and second only to New York City as home to the most Fortune 500 companies; and 4. The Houston Watershed Assessment study area sits within major Hurricane Evacu-ation arteries for the larger Galveston Gulf Coast region. I ask my colleagues to join me and support the Jackson Lee Amendment for the Environ-mental Justice Program. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. GREATER HOUSTON PARTNERSHIP , May 26, 2016. Hon. S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE JACKSON LEE, as you know, on April 18, 2016, the Houston re-gion experienced unprecedented rain and flooding. According to an estimate prepared by BBVA Compass, Houston experienced over $1.9 billion in damage during the weeks that followed the storm, which includes damage to homes, cars, schools, parks, churches, roadways and other important elements of our infrastructure. For many, the recent storms have affected every aspect of their quality of life. Perhaps the most telling sta-tistic of all: based on the 7,021 calls the United Way of Greater Houston has received through its 2–1–1 line, 1,937 calls have been requests for ‘‘food replacement.’’ We greatly appreciate your leadership en-suring the Houston area receives appropriate federal funding to help Houston heal and make it more resilient in the future. To that end, we are supportive of the requested $3 million for a study by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to investigate flood risk man-agement opportunities in the Houston met-ropolitan area by analyzing the watersheds as a system of systems. Sincerely, B
OBHARVEY , President and CEO. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 26, 2016. Hon. H
ALROGERS , Chairman, House Committee on Appropriations, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ITALOWEY , Ranking Member, House Committee on Appro-priations, Washington DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROGERS AND RANKING  M
EMBER LOWEY : We write to the Committee on Appropriations to allocate $3 million in the FY 2016 supplemental funding for a 3 year study to be conducted by the Army Corps of Engineers that will investigate flood risk management opportunities in the Houston metropolitan area by analyzing the watersheds as a system of systems. This re-quest for funding is based upon the frequency and severity of flood events in and around the Houston metropolitan area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.146 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3242 May 25, 2016 
An estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour pe-riod, which resulted in several areas exceed-ed the 100 to 500 year flood event record. The records are based upon time period of rain fall, the location of the rain fall, and the du-ration of the event over a watershed. The areas that experienced these historic rain falls were west of 1–45, north of I–10, and Greens Bayou. Further, an estimated 140 bil-lion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. The study we seek funding will identify risk reduction measures and optimize per-formance from a multi-objective systems performance perspective of the regional net-work of nested and intermingled watersheds, reservoir dams, flood flow conveyance chan-nels, storm water detention basins, and re-lated Flood Risk Management (FRM) infra-structure. Special emphasis will be placed on extreme flood events that exceed the system capacity resulting in impacts to asset condi-tions/functions and loss of life. The study area includes 22 primary water-sheds within the county’s 1,756 square miles, each having unique flooding problems. These include Spring-Creek, Little Cypress Creek, Willow Creek, Cypress Creek, Addicks, Bark-er, Buffalo Bayou, Clear Creek, Sims Bayou, Brays Bayou, White Oak Bayou, Greens Bayou, Hunting Bayou, Vince Bayou, Ar-mand Bayou, Carpenters Bayou, San Jacinto River, Jackson Bayou, Luce Bayou, Cedar Bayou, Spring Gully and Goose Creek, and San Jacinto and Galveston Bay Estuaries. The flooding problems in the watershed are frequent, widespread, and severe, with projects to reduce flood risks in place that are valued at several billion dollars. Recent historical flooding in the region was docu-mented in 1979, 1980, 1983, 1989, 1993, 1994, 1997, 2001 (Tropical Storm Allison), 2006, 2007, 2008 (Hurricane Ike), 2015 and was most recently demonstrated during the significant flood-ing, widespread damages, and losses of life during the 12 hour flood event from April 17– 18, 2016. The study will involve coordination with local, state and federal stakeholders to com-prehensively evaluate the life safety, eco-nomic, and environmental impacts of poten-tial regional flooding, as well as land use that is managed by local entities so future regional development is regulated to avoid individual and cumulative impacts of the broad pattern and rapid pace of development that contribute to poor FRM systems per-formance. Thank you for your careful consideration of this request is appreciated. If you have questions contact Glenn Rushing glenn.rushing@mail.house.gov in Congress-woman Jackson Lee’s office. Sheila Jackson Lee (TX–18), Rube ´n Hino-josa (TX–15), Filemon Vela (TX–34), Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX–30), Marc Veasey (TX–33), Randy K. Weber (TX– 14), Michael McCaul (TX–10), Blake Farenthold (TX–27), Pete Olson (TX– 22), Gene Green (TX–29), Al Green (TX– 09), Dan Kildee (MI–05), Joaquin Castro (TX–20), Henry Cuellar (TX–28), Mem-bers of Congress. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Beginning on November 8, 2016, through January 20, 2017, none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose or finalize a regulatory action that is likely to result in a rule that may have an annual effect on the economy of $100,000,000 or more, as specified in section 3(f)(1) of Ex-ecutive Order No. 12866 of September 30, 1993. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chair, I offer an amendment to protect Americans from the costly regulations this administra-tion or future administrations may try to issue before the President leaves of-fice. My amendment would prohibit funds from being used to propose or to finalize any major regulation from No-vember 8 to January 20 of next year. In the past, we have seen administra-tions issue politically motivated regu-lations between the day of the election and the day the new President takes office. In 2000 and in 2008, the number of midnight regulations issued was nearly double the average of non-mid-night regulations. We expect this ad-ministration to maintain this practice, and with the nature of the regulations we have seen from the Federal agencies over the past 8 years, this amendment is more important than ever. I would like to briefly thank the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) for leading on this issue in the House. Let’s hold the executive branch in check in its remaining days so that families and businesses across the country don’t fall victim to unneces-sary, burdensome regulations. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment is actually costly, inefficient, and it rolls back progress in a depart-ment that has really been experiencing tremendous leadership under Dr. Er-nest Moniz. The Mullin amendment would stop the Department of Energy from pro-posing or finalizing any rule that may cost more than $100 million annually, the Congressman says. Mr. Chair, this is just another attempt to ensure that agencies are unable to enact important rules and regulations that protect con-sumers and benefit our Nation. What if that had been done back when the Clean Water Act was first passed? We would have had communities across this country pumping sewage into their kitchens. At the DOE alone, the Mullin amend-ment would stall 14 rules that are cur-rently in progress, a third of which are consensus agreements that the DOE has worked with industry to finalize. The amendment would also waste valu-able manpower and resources for both the DOE and the industries involved in these consensus agreements. This makes no sense. We need to move on with the business of America. Taking a myopic view of our Nation’s regulatory practices is nothing new for this majority. Time and again, we have seen appropriation riders and author-izing legislation that only looks at the costs that are associated with agency rules and that completely ignores the associated benefits to our country. This amendment is no different. These proposals overlook the exten-sive review process that already exists for rules. For example, every new rule is already scrutinized up and down by numerous Federal agencies as well as by key stakeholders and the public through very, very extensive input that agencies seek. Let me explain. For economically significant rules, an agency must provide the Office of Management and Budget with an as-sessment and, to the extent possible, with a quantification of the benefits as well as of the costs of a proposed rule. In accordance with Executive Order No. 12866, the agency has to justify the costs associated with the rule, and these costs are justified with benefits, which is something the Mullin amend-ment appears to think doesn’t exist, but that is simply false. For example, in his 2015 analysis of the estimated costs and benefits of sig-nificant Federal regulations, the OMB estimated that, over the last decade, the benefits of these rules outweighed the economic costs by nine to one—and that is OMB. These benefits have trans-lated into real money for the American taxpayer. As a result of standards established by the DOE, a typical American house-hold already saves over $200 a year on its energy bill. That comes in different forms. Whether it is a more efficient refrigerator or whether it is light bulbs or whether it is insulation, we all know the benefits. Besides economic benefits, these standards provide benefits to our envi-ronment and the well-being of our com-munities. The 40 new or updated stand-ards issued by the DOE will assist in reducing carbon emissions by over 2 million metric tons through 2030, and will help this Nation curb climate change, which we all know threatens the health of our environment as well as of our communities. Republicans should stop trying to un-dermine the rulemaking process. They should stop ignoring the real-world benefits of these rules to society and the progress that we are making as a country. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chair, with respect to my colleague, I do want to point out that the Clean Water Act had abso-lutely nothing to do with pumping sew-age into someone’s house. It had to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.049 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3243 May 25, 2016 
with the direct discharge into navi-gable waters, like in Mississippi. It has nothing to do with what we are talking about or with what the gentlewoman brought up. Second of all, when the gentlewoman starts talking about its being costly, the last time I checked, the cost of liv-ing has skyrocketed due to the regula-tions, due to the amount of inflation that has been brought on by regula-tions and from the costs of doing busi-ness. As a businessowner, I well under-stand the costs. Through rulemaking, the legislators lose the ability to legislate, which is what our Founding Fathers had de-cided to do when they set up the legis-lative branch. We surrender that when we allow the executive branch to go crazy towards the end of the year to clean the slate of their last year in of-fice. Let me give you some numbers. Under the Carter administration— this is how far I am going to go back, and don’t think that this is a Repub-lican thing or a Democrat thing. Dur-ing the midnight hours of regulations, which is considered to be November 8 to January 20, the Carter administra-tion issued 24,531 pages of midnight regulations. The Reagan administra-tion issued 14,584 pages of midnight regulations. The Bush administration issued 20,148 pages of midnight regula-tions. The Clinton administration issued 26,542 pages of midnight regula-tions. Mind you, this is between the election in November until he leaves office in January. Bush: 21,251 pages. All I am saying is let’s be the legisla-tors our Founding Fathers set up, and let’s not allow the executive branch to allow rulemaking to go on and bypass the legislative branch. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I urge Mem-bers to oppose the gentleman’s amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment so we can hold this administration ac-countable. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers-Civil—Construction’’, and increasing the amount made available for the same ac-count, by $100,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, my previous amendment dealt with the In-vestigations account, which is the predecessor to the Construction ac-count. Before I begin the discussion, let me say that I took to the floor of the House in May, after the floods occurred in Houston, and had a moment of si-lence for the eight people who had died in those floods. Mr. Chair, this was not a hurricane, and it was not a tornado. It was hard rain that caused individ-uals in their cars to drown. It was very, very tragic. Some going to work, some nurses, some students who were drown-ing in their cars. This is what it looked like in my district. It looked the same way in 2015 and again in 2016. The Construction account, for which I want to thank Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. S
IMPSON , has $1.94 billion. I believe the Construction account is very impor-tant to Members across the Nation. Certainly, it is important to the Hous-ton-Harris County region, with other counties around. As the Federal agency that collects and studies basic informa-tion pertaining to river and harbor flood and storm damage and shore pro-tection, this is important construction money that will be vital to preventing this kind of catastrophe—first a study, then the construction. The areas that may be impacted by the Army Corps’ resources include Sims Bayou, Greens Bayou, Brays Bayou, White Oak Bayou, Hunting Bayou, and Clear Creek Bayou. These are the areas that spilt over and caused the enormous damage. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12-hour period, which resulted in several areas exceed-ing the 100- to 500-year flood event. That is why these construction dollars are so important. The areas that expe-rienced these historic rainfalls were west of I–45, north of I–10 and Greens Bayou—my congressional district, among others. Finally, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,000 homes were flooded, and eight people died. During the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flood-ed, and, again, eight deaths were re-corded. As for my previous numbers, April 15, 2016, was when they had this constant rain—240 billion gallons. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 bil-lion. This Construction account is so very important. I ask my colleagues to sup-port the Jackson Lee amendment, which is the broader view of how these dollars can be utilized to save lives, in particular in regions that I happen to live in, which is the Houston-Harris County area. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman S
IMP-
SON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep- herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great nat-ural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment speaks to the need for ro-bust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers ‘‘Construction’’ account by redirecting $100 million for increased funding for critical construction projects, like those current and future projects proposed for the Houston/Har-ris County metropolitan area. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that H.R. 5055 pro-vides $1.945 billion for the Construction ac-count. As the federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduc-tion, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem res-toration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the nation’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home state of Texas and the Eighteenth Congres-sional District that I represent. The Army Corps of Engineers has been working with the Harris County Flood Control District since 1937 to reduce the risk of flood-ing within Harris County. Current projects include 6 federal flood risk management projects: 1. Sims Bayou 2. Greens Bayou 3. Brays Bayou 4. White Oak Bayou 5. Hunting Bayou, and 6. Clear Creek In addition to these ongoing projects, the Army Corps of Engineers operates and main-tains the Addicks and Barker (A&B) Detention Dams in northwest Harris County. Such a study is certainly needed given the frequency and severity of historic-level flood events in recent years in and around the Houston metropolitan area. It is clear that much more needs to be done to minimize the vulnerability of the nation’s 4th largest metro-politan area and economic engine from the flood damage. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500 year flood event record. The areas that experienced these historic rainfalls were west of 1–45, north of I 10, and Greens Bayou. Additionally, an estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. Mr. Chair, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,015 homes were flooded and 8 per-sons died; during the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded and 8 deaths recorded. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 billion; the 2016 estimate is being compiled and is esti-mated to be well above $2 billion. Mr. Chair, minimizing the risk of flood dam-age to the Houston and Harris County metro-politan area, the nation’s 4th largest, is a mat-ter of national significance because the region is one of the nation’s major technology, en-ergy, finance, export and medical centers: 1. Port of Houston is the largest bulk port in the world; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:45 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.150 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3244 May 25, 2016 
2. Texas Medical Center is a world re-nowned teaching, research and treatment cen-ter; 3. Houston is home to the largest conglom-eration of foreign bank representation and second only to New York City as home to the most Fortune 500 companies; and 4. The Houston Watershed Assessment study area sits within major Hurricane Evacu-ation arteries for the larger Galveston Gulf Coast region. I ask my colleagues to join me and support the Jackson Lee Amendment. I thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K
APTUR for their work in shepherding this bill to the floor. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b2100 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, first let me assure my colleague that I understand the issue prompting this amendment. Seeing our communities flood and our constituents struggling to deal with the aftermath of flooding, especially when there are projects already planned to prevent such flooding, can be extremely frustrating. That is why the energy and water bills over the past several years have included significant funding above the budget request for the Corps of Engi-neers flood and storm damage reduc-tion mission. In fact, the fiscal year 2017 energy and water bill more than doubles the budget requested from the administra-tion for construction of these projects. It is an increase of 113 percent, or $457 million. More specifically, the bill includes $392 million in additional funding, for which the Houston area projects could compete. That amount is $82 million more than the amount provided in the fiscal year 2016 act. Additionally, the committee report directs the Corps to consider the sever-ity of risks of flooding or the frequency with which an area has experienced flooding when deciding how to allocate the additional funding provided. The bill provides strong support for ad-dressing flood risks. Because the amendment does not ac-tually change funding levels and, so, does not upset the balance of priorities within this bill, I will not oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, again I thank Mr. S
IMPSON for recounting that information and Ms. K
APTUR for the leadership that she has given and the understanding of the plight that we are in. Flood control is critical to dams and harbors, and it is most critical of all as infrastructure. That is what the con-struction funding will do. We under-stand that this now will give us the op-portunity for long overdue projects that are dealing with major flooding. The previous amendment giving us a work plan through the Army Corps of Engineers will again be instructive and helpful to saving lives and reducing the enormity of loss and the enormity of damage that has been caused to these areas. I ask for support of the Jackson Lee amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the memorandum from the White House Coun-sel’s Office to all Executive Department and Agency General Counsels entitled ‘‘Reminder Regarding Document Requests’’ dated April 15, 2009. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment which will prevent the administration from causing unneces-sary delays and blocking important in-formation from being released to the general public under the Freedom of Information Act. In 2009, the White House released a secret memo to every executive depart-ment and agency urging them to con-sult with counsel at the White House before releasing any documents or ful-filling any requests that may involve ‘‘White House equities.’’ Last year the Department of Energy, Office of Inspector General, released a special report titled The Department of Energy’s Freedom of Information Act Process. In this report, Federal investigators determined that, in numerous cases where the Department of Energy’s gen-eral counsel had provided their FOIA response to the White House, ‘‘the FOIA case file was incomplete and did not contain all of the documents re-lated to the FOIA response.’’ What does that mean, Mr. Chairman? As the report tells us, incomplete docu-mentation in these cases prevents us from being absolutely certain we know what changes or redactions were made when the White House reviewed the documents. Further, we don’t know how many records requests submitted to the Department of Energy were blocked by the White House. For an administration that once sought to be the most transparent ad-ministration in our Nation’s history, actions such as these do nothing to in-spire trust or confidence amongst the American people. It took a FOIA request in 2014 to re-veal that, out of more than 450 Depart-ment of the Interior inspector general requests, the Obama administration only allowed the IG to release three re-ports. While that stat is troubling, figures released by the Associated Press this year through their annual FOIA review are even more disturbing. The annual review covers Freedom of Information Act requests made to more than 100 dif-ferent Federal agencies. Shockingly, the AP reported in March that, in 2015, the American peo-ple received censored responses or nothing in 77 percent of all FOIA re-quests, redacted releases or nothing in response to nearly 600,000 Freedom of Information Act requests. Absolutely shameful. Daniel Epstein, executive director of the nonprofit government watchdog Cause of Action, said it best when he stated: ‘‘Information seekers, whether they’re individuals, members of the news media or public interest groups, should be extremely troubled by the fact that this White House has been interfering with how Federal agencies comply with the Freedom of Informa-tion Act.’’ This amendment is supported by Americans for Tax Reform; the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; the National Taxpayers Union; the Taxpayers Protection Alliance; Concerned Citizens for America, Ari-zona Chapter; the Gila County Cattle Growers Association; and the Sulphur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative. Agency officials that want to comply with the law and respond to Freedom of Information Act requests in a timely manner should not be blocked from doing so because of an arbitrary memo from the White House. The Department of Energy IG and numerous government watchdog groups claim the memo that my amendment defunds is limiting public access under the Freedom of Informa-tion Act. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and defund this unlawful memo. I also want to thank the distin-guished chair and ranking member for their work on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof Texas). The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I am op-posed to the amendment as the provi-sion interferes with the standard prac-tice spanning administrations of both parties and raises potential constitu-tional concerns. It is standard practice for agencies processing Freedom of Information Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:11 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.091 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3245 May 25, 2016 
requests to confer with other executive branch entities with equities, including the White House, prior to releasing documents. Agencies refer documents to the White House just as they refer documents to other agencies. The practice of agencies consulting with the White House prior to Freedom of Information Act requests regarding White House equities is longstanding, spanning administrations of both par-ties. The Reagan administration issued a memorandum in 1988 directing such consultation. Finally, the provision could interfere with the President’s ability to protect privileged information and thereby could raise constitutional concerns in some applications. This is just one more instance of the majority prioritizing message amendments rath-er than getting on with the hard work of legislating. I oppose this amendment. It has no place on an appropriations bill and should be defeated. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, once again I would like to just actually reit-erate these responses. Seventy-seven percent of all FOIA requests were not complied with. Redacted releases are nothing in response to nearly 600,000 Freedom of Information Act requests. Once again, smoke and mirrors. When are we going to get this? I would ask everybody to vote for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy, the Department of the Interior, or any other Federal agency to lease or pur-chase new light duty vehicles for any execu-tive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, on May 24, 2011, President Obama issued a memorandum on Federal fleet perform-ance that required all new light-duty vehicles in the Federal fleet to be al-ternative fuel vehicles, such as hybrid, electric, natural gas, or biofuel. My amendment echoes the Presi-dent’s memorandum by prohibiting funds in this act from being used to lease or purchase new light-duty vehi-cles unless that purchase is made in ac-cord with the President’s memo-randum. I have submitted identical language to 20 different appropriations bills over the past few years, and every time it has been accepted by both the majority and the minority. I hope my amend-ment will receive similar support today. Global oil prices are down. We no longer pay $147 per barrel. But spikes in oil prices would still have profound repercussions for our economy. The primary reason is that our cars and trucks run only on petroleum. We can change that with alternative tech-nologies that exist today. The Federal Government operates the largest fleet of light-duty vehicles in America, over 640,000 vehicles. More than 55,000 of those vehicles are within the jurisdiction of this bill, being used by the Department of Energy, the De-partment of the Interior, and the Army Corps of Engineers. When I was in Brazil a few years ago, I saw how they diversified their fuel use. People there can drive to a gaso-line station and choose whether to fill their vehicle with gasoline or ethanol. They make their choice based on cost or whatever criteria they deem impor-tant. I want the same choice for American consumers. That is why I am proposing a bill in Congress, as I have done many times in the past, which will provide for cars built in America to be able to run on a fuel instead of or in addition to gasoline. It is less than $100 per ve-hicle. That is a separate issue, but I raise it because it is in conjunction with what I am proposing here. If they can do it in Brazil, we can do it here. So, in conclusion, expanding the role these alternative technologies play in our transportation economy will help break the leverage that foreign govern-ment-controlled oil companies hold over Americans. It will increase our Nation’s domestic security and protect consumers. Again, I have submitted this in dif-ferent appropriations bills through the years, and it has always passed unani-mously by both Democrats and Repub-licans. I hope it will be the same. I ask that my colleagues support the Engel amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy for the 21st Century Clean Trans-portation Plan. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment which will help prevent an unnecessary tax increase on hardworking families and send a strong message from the House of Representa-tives that we oppose the administra-tion’s new mandatory climate change transportation program. In February, the Obama administra-tion proposed creating a new program nicknamed the 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan that aims to spend $320 billion over the next 10 years and divert precious taxpayer funds to self-driving cars, high-speed rail, and mass transit in the name of preserving the environment. In fact, $20 billion of the estimated $32 billion each year for this proposed program won’t go to roads or bridges, but instead will be squandered on inef-ficient programs that require signifi-cant taxpayer subsidies. To pay for the majority of this un-lawful $320 billion program, the Obama administration has proposed a $10.25 tax on every barrel of oil. This new tax on crude oil and petroleum products will inevitably be passed on to hard-working Americans that can’t afford another new tax increase from the Obama administration. In fact, the $10.25 per-barrel tax is es-timated to add an additional 25 cents to the cost of every gallon of gasoline. Millions of energy-related jobs will be put at risk and low-income families will be forced to bear larger financial burdens as a result of this unnecessary tax that is being proposed to pay for Obama’s flawed climate change trans-portation program. In the Department of Energy’s fiscal year 2017 budget, the agency requested $1.3 billion for this year and $11.3 bil-lion over the next 10 years to fund the administration’s 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan. My amendment rejects the new $10.25 tax on every barrel of crude oil and prohibits funding in this bill for the ad-ministration’s flawed climate change transportation program. This amendment is supported by Americans for Limited Government; Americans for Tax Reform; the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; the National Taxpayer Union; the Taxpayers Protection Alliance; Concerned Citizens for America, Ari-zona Chapter; the Gila County Cattle Growers Association; and the Sulphur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative. I thank the distinguished chair and ranking member for their work on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. b2115 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.156 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3246 May 25, 2016 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman has hit a very soft spot with me here, the automotive and trucking industries, so vital to my area of the country and so vital to the whole econ-omy. Actually, the manufacturing part of America, as it recovers, is lifting us to new heights with economic growth. I rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment because, again, it takes America backward, not forward. This amendment seeks to prohibit funding for the Department of Energy’s 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, which is a fantastic initiative which would set America on a long- term path to achieving our economic and climate goals. I am telling you, when you see some of what is being done with new mate-rials science, with new composites, with metals and plastics technologies, I can go from Ford’s Ecoboost engine, to Chrysler’s new vehicles, to Dana’s new axle plant being built in the Mid-west, to General Motors and the won-derful work that they are doing at Brook Park. One plant after another, you can see the results of innovation where the Department of Energy, working with the private sector, is bringing the future to us every day. The 21st Century Clean Transpor-tation Plan would scale up clean trans-portation research and development, critical for the clean transportation systems of the future. Did you know that in the internal combustion engine we still do not understand how fuel ac-tually burns? The Department of En-ergy is doing wonderful research to try to help important companies like Cummins Engine figure out how fuel is actually used in those engines to make them more efficient. We have to talk about reducing the cost of batteries and developing low- carbon fuels such as biofuels. We don’t have all the answers. Industry alone doesn’t do it alone because some of this is basic research. We also are involved in funding the development of regional low-carbon fueling infrastructure, including charg-ing stations for electric vehicles for those people who choose to purchase those and pumps for hydrogen fuel cell cars. Yes, we are inventing the future. You know what? It feels pretty good. Finally, it would investigate future mobility and intelligent transportation systems like vehicle connectivity and self-driving cars. Last week the Motor & Equipment Manufacturers Associa-tion was up here, and I went over to the northeastern part of the city, drove a Peterbilt truck with Bendix tech-nology and with the automatic braking systems that are just incredible in a vehicle that has a cubic ratio of about 480 cubic inches to that engine. What an incredible piece of engineering that is. The Department of Energy is always driving us into the future, and that is where we need to go. Our Nation has always been a leader on innovation. To sustain this pace, we must continue to invest in programs like the 21st Cen-tury Clean Transportation Plan, which drives our economy forward. The automotive industry and all the related suppliers, including trucks, rep-resent about one out of every seven jobs in this country. We are in stiff competition with markets that are closed, with markets that try to target our industry and snuff them out of ex-istence. I think that we have to do ev-erything possible. I co-chair the House Automotive Caucus here along with Congressman M
IKEKELLY of Pennsylvania, and I would have to say that the gentleman’s amendment does not take us forward, but backward. I would urge my colleagues to oppose it very, very strongly. Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gen-tleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman’s comments. Getting back to the amendment, I would remind the gentleman offering the amendment, A, that this is not the tax committee, that any $10 tax on a barrel of oil would come out of the Ways and Means Committee. I don’t see that coming out of the Ways and Means Committee, but it is not in-cluded in this bill. The other thing that I would remind the gentleman of is there is no—I re-peat no—funding in this bill for the President’s 21st Century Clean Trans-portation Plan, the mandatory funding that was proposed by the administra-tion. There is no funding in this bill for it; so, this amendment does nothing. It strikes no funding because there is no funding in this bill. I thank the gentlewoman for yield-ing. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I want to remind everybody that $20 billion of the estimated $32 billion each year for this proposed program won’t go to roads or bridges, but to these ineffi-cient programs. I guess we are going to the future. We are $19 trillion in debt and soon to be $22 trillion and $23 trillion and $24 tril-lion in debt. Yes, I do understand, in the Department of Energy’s fiscal year 2017 budget, the agency requested $1.3 billion for this year and $11.3 billion over the next 10 years to fund the ad-ministration’s 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan. Now, while the budget request this year happened to be mandatory, next year it could be discretionary. The House has not taken action to date to reject the $10.25 tax on every barrel of oil and to this fundamentally flawed program. My amendment rejects that tax in-crease and the Obama administration’s new climate change transportation program. I urge adoption of this commonsense amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide a loan under section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I think what I have before all of us is a com-monsense amendment. It simply says that the advanced technology vehicle manufacturing loan program will con-tinue to exist, but there can be no addi-tional loans. The reason that I do so is, when I came and offered this amendment last year, I had a cutting amendment last year, but what was explained to me was that, if you cut the program, then you wouldn’t have money to admin-ister the existing loans that were out there. So, as a result, I have altered this amendment so that it again leaves in place the appropriation, which is more than $5 million, so that you could con-tinue to administer the existing loans that are in place, but there would be no additional loans. Now, why do I think that that is im-portant? I think it is important for a couple different reasons. I think, from a Democratic standpoint, what we would say is that we all believe in equality and that there shouldn’t be subsidized loans for major corpora-tions, global corporations, here in the United States while your cousin’s pizza business is struggling or your friend’s landscaping business is struggling. They don’t get subsidized loans. Why should a big business? So, from a Democratic standpoint, I think we would hold that belief. From a Republican standpoint, we would say we need to watch out for the taxpayer. If you look at the default rate on these loans, unfortunately, it has been relatively high. You would say: I don’t know if government is in the best spot to be making these kinds of loans to businesses. I think that ultimately is the role not of government, but of business. Let them do what they do. I think from both vantage points it is something that makes sense. I would add just a couple of addi-tional thoughts and then I would yield. I would say, one, there have been only five loans made since 2007. This is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.162 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3247 May 25, 2016 
not a huge program. This is a very lim-ited program. Two, two out of the five loans made since 2007, in fact, have defaulted. That is a 40 percent default rate. I don’t think that that is the kind of thing that we would like to see in govern-ment. There have been no loans made since 2011. And then the GAO came in March of 2013 and said the costs outweigh the benefits of this program. They followed that up with another GAO report in March of 2014 and said: We recommend shutting down the pro-gram unless the Department of Energy can show real demand for the loans. Then they followed that up with a final GAO report in March of this year, and it said that there hadn’t been a sufficient level of demand. As a consequence, their words were this: Determining whether funds will be used is important, particularly in a constrained fiscal environment. This Congress should rescind unused appro-priations or direct them to other gov-ernment priorities. I think the simple issue with this loan program is that there could be other priorities where you take that $4 billion of loan authority and let other parts of government use it or turn it back to the private sector and use that money much more effectively. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I just want to state that I don’t want people who may be listening to this, other Members who may be listening to this, to get the impression that we are put-ting money in here for the Loan Guar-antee Program. There is no money in the underlying bill for the ATVM additional new loans. The only money in there is to administer the existing loans. I understand what the gentleman is saying. I agree with the gentleman. I just don’t want Members to think that we are putting money into the program when we are not. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I very, very much appreciate what the chair-man pointed out. Again, that is why I think it is so important to simply cod-ify this notion that we won’t go for-ward. The money is in there for administra-tion of existing loans. It is just saying that we are not going to go out and ad-minister new ones, given the other needs that exist within both the public and the private sector for funds like this. Mr. Chair, I will reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. Any proposal to sunset the Ad-vanced Technology Vehicle Manufac-turing Program or limit the pipeline of projects that may be eligible is short-sighted and should be rejected. Why? First, the program is a critical one for the American automotive in-dustry and has supported its resur-gence. They have issued more than $8 billion in loans to date, and these loans have resulted in the manufacture of more than 4 million fuel-efficient ad-vanced vehicles, supported approxi-mately 35,000 direct jobs across eight States, including California, Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Kentucky, New York, and Tennessee, and saved more than 1.35 million gallons of gaso-line. Not too bad. The success has been achieved with losses of only approximately 2 percent of a total portfolio of $32 billion for the loan programs office. That is a lower percent than most banks have on the loans that they make. What we are talking about here is higher level re-search, higher level investments in technologies that are yet being born. Why else should we reject this amendment? Instituting an arbitrary and immediate deadline for applica-tions to this program would result in the Department losing billions of dol-lars in loan authority itself. The pro-gram currently has billions in loan re-quests in the pipeline from both auto-makers and component manufacturers for projects in 10 States. Thirdly, capping the program of eli-gible projects will hinder the Depart-ment’s ability to issue new loans to support domestic manufacturing of ad-vanced vehicles especially at a time when we are asking the industry to meet rising fuel economy standards. It is really amazing what has been done just in the last 15 years. When we look at some of the vehicles coming out now, we are seeing vehicles like the Cruze, 33 miles a gallon. Some are going up to 40, some to 50. It is really amazing what has happened, the trans-formation that is happening in this in-dustry that we are living through di-rectly. I oppose the gentleman’s amendment because I really do believe innovation has always led us into the future. This is the kind of program that can provide the capital necessary to expand our do-mestic manufacturing when so much of it is being offshored. It is a major issue in the Presidential election this year in both political parties, how we are going to restore manufacturing in this coun-try. We have to do it through innovation. We have to do it in sectors that are muscle sectors like the automotive and truck industry that are so vital and produce real wealth for this country, not imported wealth, but wealth that we produce ourselves through all the componentry, the thousands and thou-sands and thousands of components that go into these vehicles, and the fuel efficiency that makes them com-petitive in the marketplace of today. I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I would agree with much of what my colleague said just a moment ago. I think that innovation is, indeed, the gateway to the future, but I would argue that great innovation has been led by the private sector, not by loan guarantees to major corporations. You think about Steve Jobs and his partner opening up that business in ba-sically what amounted to the basement of a house. That is not what we are talking about here. I think some of the great innovations will come from small businesses that don’t see this kind of financial advantage. Two, I would make the point that this is not about just helping American companies. One of the largest loans out there was to Mazda, which is not an American company. Ford is—that is one of the other big loans, but Mazda is not. I would put this in the larger classi-fication of Reagan’s words: The closest thing to eternal life is a government program. This is one of those government pro-grams that has not proved successful, and I think it is important that we wean government programs. We prune them where they don’t make sense. Forty percent is, in fact, the default rate. If you add up all the numbers, it amounts to 2 percent. But most people when they think of default and what the American Bankers Association would think of when they think of de-fault is divided by the number of loans out there, what percent defaulted, and that number happens to be a real 40 percent, not 2 percent of the aggregate amount of the total loans out there. b2130 Finally, I would again go back to this simple point. I agree with my col-leagues about what they have said on the need for innovation and for reform, but I don’t think it will be led through a loan program that has seen any num-ber of defaults in the process. That money could be redeployed to edu-cation and a whole host of our primary needs in this country. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to research, draft, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.164 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3248 May 25, 2016 
propose, or finalize the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that was published by the De-partment of Energy on December 19, 2014, at 79 Fed. Reg. 76,142, titled, ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Residential Dishwashers’’, the No-tice of Proposed Rulemaking that was pub-lished by the Department of Energy on Au-gust 13, 2015, at 80 Fed. Reg. 48,624, titled, ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Con-servation Standards for Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’, or the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that was published by the Department of En-ergy on August 19, 2015, at 80 Fed. Reg. 50,462, titled, ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: En-ergy Conservation Standards for Refrig-erated Bottled or Canned Vending Ma-chines’’. 
Mr. BUCK (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to waive the reading. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, this amendment returns choice to con-sumers and keeps the price of products affordable. The Department of Energy’s energy conservation program issues efficiency regulations for everyday appliances like dishwashers and vending ma-chines. The rules are based on a cost- benefit analysis, but the analysis is vague and skewed to the desired out-come. Rather than improving the lives of consumers, these mandates drive up the cost of appliances. To address the rising costs and the crackdown on consumer choice, this amendment prohibits energy mandates on residential dishwashers, ceiling fan light kits, and vending machines. Indi-viduals should have a choice of whether or not to buy these appliances. As consumer demand for efficiency increases, the market will find a way to produce appliances that save more energy. This amendment stops the ad-ministration from implementing their radical green energy agenda on the backs of American families. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. My colleague’s amendment would prohibit the use of funds at the Department of Energy to propose efficiency standards for ceiling fan light kits, residential dishwashers, and vending machines. Mr. Chairman, the law in question al-lows for executive overreach by pre-scribing what industry can and cannot sell and what consumers can and can-not buy. Industry has legitimate con-cerns about the government forcing a wholesale change to a market for something as common as a dishwasher. This amendment reins back this over-reaching regulation, and I support this amendment and recommend my col-leagues vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. It is just one more instance where the majority is saddling the consumer with ever-in-creasing energy bills. We know how the standards have really saved consumers money over the years. I have some fig-ures here that are very interesting. A typical household saves about $216 a year off their energy bills now as a result of renewed standards. As people replace their appliances with newer models, they can expect to save more than $453 annually by 2030. The cumu-lative utility bill savings to consumers from all standards in effect since 1987 are estimated to be nearly $1 trillion by 2020 and grow to nearly $2 trillion through 2030. Invention does matter. And the appli-cation of that to our daily life really matters. The efficiency standards have spurred innovation that dramatically expanded options for consumers. It is time to choose common sense over rigid ideology, and it is time to listen to the manufacturing companies, con-sumer groups, and efficiency advo-cates, who all agree this rider is harm-ful. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Buck amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Each amount made available by this Act is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I know that the committee has worked hard to get a bill that is going to come into the numbers. Unfortunately, I dis-agree with the $1.070 trillion number that is in the Bipartisan Budget Act. I like the Budget Control Act’s number of $1.040 trillion. A $30 billion difference doesn’t sounds like a lot when you are talking about trillions of dollars, but I tell you, to my constituents, with $19 tril-lion debt, it does make a difference. The funding level of this bill is $37.444 billion. I will be offering an amend-ment, which I offer every year to our spending bills, to cut 1 percent across the board. That would yield us $374 million in budget authority savings, and outlays savings of $222 million. I know it doesn’t sound like a lot, but it is simply taking one penny out of every dollar that is appropriated. And that, quite frankly, is the type of scrimping and saving that our con-stituents and American families are having to do all across this country in order to make their budgets work. I am fully aware of the strong opposi-tion that many have to making those 1 percent across-the-board cuts. As I have offered these amendments, many times I am told that cuts of this mag-nitude go far too deep, that they would be very damaging to our Nation’s secu-rity, but I kind of agree with Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman MULLIN when he said the greatest threat to our Na-tion’s security is our Nation’s debt. I think we ought not to be putting fu-ture generations at risk, and we should be working toward reducing what our Federal outlays are every single year and working toward balancing the budget. It means yes, we have to go in and cut that penny out of a dollar and save it for our children and our grand-children to get this Nation back on the right track. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I com-mend the gentlewoman for her consist-ency. She always has these amend-ments to cut 1 percent across the board out of the appropriations bills, and I appreciate her consistent work to pro-tect the taxpayer dollars, but this is an approach that, frankly, I can’t support. While the President may have pro-posed a budget that exceeds this bill, the increases were paid for with pro-posals and gimmicks that would never be enacted. This bill makes the tough choices within an allocation that ad-heres to current law. You may not agree with current law, but it is the current law, and that is what we had to go with. Since there wasn’t a budget resolution passed, what we ended up with is current law; and that is the allocation that we have, and that is what we stayed within. I don’t think the Appropriations Committee gets enough credit over the last several years for the work we have been doing in reducing Federal spend-ing. If you look at the total Federal budg-et and the amount of discretionary spending and mandatory spending, at one time it was about two-thirds dis-cretionary spending and one-third mandatory spending 30 or 40 years ago. Then, about 5 years ago, it was one- third discretionary spending and two- thirds mandatory spending. That is Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Secu-rity entitlements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.083 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3249 May 25, 2016 
Since we have taken control the last 5 years, that one-third of the budget that is discretionary spending is about 28 percent now. As it continues to go down in relationship to the entire budget, we cut discretionary spending more and more. We have made difficult tradeoffs that had to be made in this bill to balance it with our needs. We prioritize funding for critical infrastructure and for our national defense. These tradeoffs were carefully weighed for their respective impacts and are responsible. Yet the gentlewoman’s amendment imposes an across-the-board cut on every one of these programs, even the national de-fense programs, which are vitally im-portant. This makes no distinction between where we need to be spending to invest in our infrastructure, promote jobs, and meet our national security needs, like meeting the Ohio-class submarine dates so that we can get the Ohio-class submarine done, so that we can do the refurbishment of our nuclear stockpile, so that we can do the other things that are important on the national defense side of this budget. It makes no distinction between those and where we need to limit spending to meet our deficit reduction goals. Therefore, I must oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, indeed, the Appropriations Committee does deserve some credit. But also, passing the Budget Control Act with the 2 percent across-the-board spending reduction in discretionary spending de-serves some credit also, because it shows the effectiveness of what those cuts can do. Governors use this, Democratic and Republican alike. They do it because their States have balanced budget amendments, and they can’t crank up the printing press and print the money. I would encourage my colleagues to take a step toward fiscal responsi-bility, get inside and cut one more penny out of a dollar. We can do that on every appropriation that we have. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Army Corps of Engineers to implement, administer, or enforce the last four words of subparagraph (B) of section 1341(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, with respect to crevassing of levees under the Birds Point–New Madrid Floodway Operations Plan. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Missouri and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, in May of 2011, under the strong objections of numerous folks in south-east Missouri and my predecessor, the Army Corps of Engineers activated the Birds Point levee, which is the second time since 1937. This resulted in an ex-tensive amount of damage: over $156 million worth of damage and flooding of over 130,000 acres. In that place, homes and communities were com-pletely destroyed and crops were lost. After the water receded, many resi-dents simply chose not to ever return home and back to their community. These are individuals that lived there for numerous generations. One commu-nity, a small town called Pinhook in Mississippi County, right in the boot heel, that no longer exists after the ac-tivation of that floodway. The amendment that I have today is quite simple, Mr. Chairman. It says, when an activation of the Birds Point levee occurs, we must build it back. Not anything else other than if there is an activation, the government must build it back. If they destroy a commu-nity by activating and blowing up a levee, they must build it back. The amendment is extremely simple. Had families in the Birds Point floodway had the assurance that a plan was already in place, perhaps they would have chosen to return back to their home for generations. When river levels rise, safety is al-ways the number one concern. But the Corps of Engineers should never, under any circumstances, breach a levee without already having in place plans for its restoration, allowing for resi-dents to return to their lives as soon as possible. b2145 I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and give assurance to Americans who live in floodways that their homes and livelihoods matter, and to remove any uncertainty that, should the worst happen, their lives can return to normal. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. First, let me assure the gentleman that I understand his concerns and ap-preciate his passion for protecting his constituents. I agree with him that, if the floodway is required to be operated in a major flood event, the levee should be restored as soon as possible after the flood event. In fact, the committee re-port on this bill makes that very point. Unfortunately, the amendment and the impacts of it are not clear. It is possible that the amendment would ac-tually increase flood risks for other communities within the Mississippi River and tributaries project area. Without understanding the effects of the amendment, I must oppose it. Mr. BOST. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-tleman from Illinois. Mr. BOST. Mr. Chairman, I do stand in opposition, reluctant opposition. I have a tremendous respect for the gen-tleman from Missouri. I understand what he is trying to do, and that is that if the activation of the Birds Point levee does occur, that it should be built back. But when you read the language, the concern I have is that it would actually stop the activation of the levee in the first place. Understand, when these levees were first built, there were certain key points that were pressure release valves. The Birds Point was one of those. So as it rises, the Army Corps of Engineers has explained through a process of when to go in. And when we say crevasse, we mean we have to actu-ally put explosive charges into the levee to relieve the pressure so that other areas—this is the way the system was built. It was designed by engineers to work this way originally. The concern that we have is not with the fact that it should be built back, because I agree with the gentleman it should be built back. But the way the language actually reads, we are not sure that it would actually stop the Army Corps of Engineers from doing what it is that they are required by law to do, and that is to use that pressure release valve in times of emergency. It is true, we have only had to use it twice since those systems have been put in place. It is a sad thing when it occurs. It floods a tremendous amount of crop land, and because it had not been operated in so long, people had built homes in there. Now, that was un-fortunate that they built them in that situation, but we cannot endanger all other areas for putting language like this forward. I am more than willing to work with the gentleman on trying to make sure that this language is cor-rect. We just couldn’t be able to do that at this time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, the language of the amendment is very clear, very clear. It does one sim-ple thing. It means, if the activation of this levee ever occurs, that the Federal Government is obligated to rebuild it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.170 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3250 May 25, 2016 
It is a limiting amendment that is crystal clear. It provides that, if there is an activation, that the Federal Gov-ernment is obligated to build it back, simple as it is, making sure the Fed-eral Government is responsible for its actions. I ask the body to support the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WALKER  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) The amounts otherwise made available by this Act for the following ac-counts of the Department of Energy are hereby reduced by the following amounts: (1) ‘‘Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy’’, $400,000. (2) ‘‘Nuclear Energy’’, $25,455,000. (3) ‘‘Fossil Energy Research and Develop-ment’’, $13,000,000. (4) ‘‘Strategic Petroleum Reserve’’, $45,000,000. (5) ‘‘Non-Defense Environmental Cleanup’’, $2,400,000. (6) ‘‘Science’’, $49,800,000. (7) ‘‘Advanced Research Projects Agency- Energy’’, $14,889,000. (b) The amounts otherwise made available by this Act for the following accounts are hereby reduced by the following amounts: (1) ‘‘Power Marketing Administrations— Construction, Rehabilitation, Operation and Maintenance, Western Area Power Adminis-tration’’, $2,209,000. (2) ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commission—Sal-aries and Expenses’’, $32,132,000. 
Mr. WALKER (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to suspend the reading of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, this bill includes over $9 billion in appro-priations for 22 nondefense programs that are not authorized by law. Nine of these programs receive a total of $185 million more than their enacted 2016 level. Several of these programs have not been authorized since the 1980s, and one has never been authorized by Con-gress. My amendment is simple. My amend-ment would reduce unauthorized non-defense accounts to the 2016 levels. My amendment would also cut around $185 million and send that money to the spending reduction account. In a time when we, as a Nation, are approaching close to $20 trillion in debt, we cannot continue to fund unau-thorized accounts in our appropriations process. This is a democratic Nation, and the men and women send the Mem-bers of this body, not to slip unauthor-ized programs in appropriations bills, but to have an open discussion on our funding priorities. Furthermore, the inclusion of appro-priations for these programs in the re-ported bill is a violation of clause(2)(a)(1) of rule XXI of the rules of the House. I applaud Representative TOM M
CCLINTOCK and Conference Chair C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS for their significant work to raise awareness of the problem of unauthorized appropria-tions and work towards a solution so that the House actually enforces its rules. This year’s Energy and Water appro-priations includes over $1 billion in ap-propriations, and six more unauthor-ized programs that the House did pass in the 2016 Energy and Water bill from last year. If we want to fund a program, we should have an open debate and a transparent process that promotes trust and accountability. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose this amendment. My col-league’s amendment would reduce mul-tiple accounts in the bill. This year, the committee continues its responsibility to effectively manage government spending, and we have worked tirelessly to that end. For ex-ample, the nuclear and fossil programs see modest increases in the bill to con-tinue our commitment for an all-of- the-above energy strategy. Basic research conducted by the Of-fice of Science is increased by less than 1 percent, to support research and oper-ation efforts to advance research and development through university part-nerships and at the Nation’s national laboratory system. Programs to clean up the legacy of the Manhattan Project and nuclear re-search also see minor increases in order to provide cleanup progress at sites across the country. These are tar-geted funds to produce needed invest-ments to efficiently and safely utilize our natural resources, maintain the Nation’s basic research infrastructure in the physical sciences, and continue the cleanup of Department of Energy legacy programs. I understand my colleague’s desire to reduce the size of government, but this amendment goes too far in reducing the strategic investments we need to make in our future. I, therefore, oppose this amendment, and I urge Members to do the same. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also oppose this amendment, which will reduce jobs in our country and hurt the middle class. There will be less investment in science, environ-mental cleanup, energy research and development, all of which create the future in this country, and have sub-stantial returns on investments. Since 2003, by the way, the United States has spent $2.3 trillion on im-porting foreign petroleum. This is a vast shift of wealth. That is the big shift of wealth, and thousands upon thousands of jobs from our country elsewhere. This amendment only exac-erbates this shift of wealth from the American middle class. The bill funds support in science and R&D activities necessary for our com-petitiveness. The world is becoming more competitive, not less. Energy is at the center of that. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ). Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from North Caro-lina. Scientific research is an important province of the Federal Government, and normally I support it; but I support it if it has been authorized. The programs the gentleman from North Carolina has identified have not been authorized. Therefore, it is appro-priate that the gentleman from North Carolina be supported in his amend-ment to just reduce them to the amount that gets us to flat funding. Flat funding is a reasonable request for programs that are not authorized. Let’s get those programs reauthor-ized, if that is what the American peo-ple want, and the Congress wants, and let’s do it in a way that makes sure these programs are authorized in a way that recognizes 21st century priority. That should happen at the author-izing committee level. If it doesn’t hap-pen at the authorizing committee level, a couple of things are wrong: ei-ther the authorizing committee doesn’t have its hands on the steering wheel, or the authorizing committee thinks there needs to be changes that cannot be accomplished if the appropriators keep increasing the funding. The incentive for the authorizing committee comes when these programs are flat-funded. We should not be fund-ing programs with increases that are no longer authorized. This is a problem throughout govern-ment. It is a way to save money in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.173 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3251 May 25, 2016 
government that is $19 trillion in debt, and I applaud the gentleman from North Carolina for his conscientious, careful, thoughtful, reasoned amend-ment. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple. It simply rolls back or reduces unauthorized non-defense accounts to the 2016 levels. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, let me respond and tell the story again. We have already gone through this once tonight about authorizations. I don’t think we should fund any program that isn’t authorized. I don’t think we should flat-fund it. I don’t think we should fund it. But that is, unfortu-nately, what the Appropriations Com-mittee ends up doing because the au-thorizing committees aren’t doing their dang job. They are not getting out and reauthorizing the programs. One year—and I will tell the story again. I will tell it again and again, I suspect, as we go through all of this— when I was chairman of the Interior Committee, because the Endangered Species Act at that time had not been reauthorized for 23 years, 23 years, I took all funding for listing of endan-gered species and designation of crit-ical habitat out of the bill, zero funded it. We brought the bill to the floor. The biggest supporter of my bill and oppo-nent to the amendment to put funding in it for those purposes was the chair-man of the Resources Committee. It is the Resources Committee’s responsi-bility to reauthorize the Endangered Species Act. But he supported my amendment. And after all of that, guess what? They still haven’t reauthorized the En-dangered Species Act. Mrs. LUMMIS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Wyoming. Mrs. LUMMIS. This year, the Land and Water Conservation Fund expired in its authorization on September 30. In October, we began reauthorizing the Land and Water Conservation Fund and reforming it to get it back to its original intent. And before we could complete the process, the appropriators increased funding and reauthorized it for 3 years. We can’t get the reforms we need when appropriators continue to appro-priate. The burden should be on the au-thorizers. Mr. SIMPSON. Yes, I agree with the gentlewoman. The burden should be on the authorizers, and they should do their job, and they should reauthorize the program. I still haven’t seen the reauthoriza-tion for the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. That was last year. I still haven’t seen it. I haven’t seen the reau-thorizations for any of the programs. The whole State Department is unau-thorized. Where is the reauthorization? What do you want us to do? We would eliminate about two-thirds of the Federal Government. Now, some people might like that. But we would eliminate about two-thirds of the Fed-eral Government if we just said we are not going to fund any of the Federal programs. So, I mean, it is a debate that goes on. I agree with Congressman M
CCLIN-
TOCK . We have to find a way around this. We have to find a way to address the reauthorization issue without screwing up the whole appropriation process. b2200 I think we can do that if reasonable people sit down and try to find a way around this. I actually think that every committee chairman ought to sit down with leadership at the start of a session and say: This is my 5-year plan, and these are all of the programs that are unauthorized under my jurisdic-tion. This is my 5-year plan to get them reauthorized. They ought to follow through on that work plan. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: Sec. ll. None of the finds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, to be clear, the JCPOA requires Iran to cap its stockpile of heavy water. It does not require the U.S. to subsidize or to purchase that heavy water. This is a simple funding limitation amendment to an appropriations bill. It is similar to language used through-out the bill. It is a matter clearly re-lated to the use of appropriated funds. I listened to this debate in the Sen-ate, and people said: Well, we have to spend U.S. tax dollars on getting heavy water; otherwise, Iran is going to sell it to North Korea. But understand, it is already against international law to ship heavy water to North Korea. So if Iran were to decide to do that and vio-late those sanctions, we have a way bigger policy issue than simply heavy water purchases, and it would call into question the entire Iran deal. So instead of suppressing illicit nu-clear proliferation among rogue na-tions, continuing purchases of Iranian heavy water would subsidize Iran’s nu-clear program and allow them to main-tain the threshold capacity to make a dash for nuclear breakout. If we want to take heavy water, then we can take it, but we should not sub-sidize Iran’s nuclear program. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose the gentleman’s amendment. Really, this provision doesn’t belong on this appropriations bill. It is an issue best considered by the Foreign Affairs Committee. This amendment would prevent the Department from spending any fiscal 17 funds to purchase heavy water pro-duced in Iran and would undermine the Iran deal. This transaction provides the United States industry with a critical product while enabling Iran to sell some of its excess heavy water as contemplated in the agreement and further ensuring that this product will not be used to develop a nuclear weapon, which is the objective that we all sought when we supported the agreement. Heavy water is needed here in our country. We stopped producing it in 1988 and now buy what we need from India and other countries. A portion of this heavy water will be used at the Spallation Neutron Source at Oak Ridge National Laboratory and by manufacturers for fiberoptic cable, MRI machines, and semiconductors. Most importantly, U.S. purchase of this heavy water prevents Iran from selling it to those who would choose to use it for the wrong reasons. Mr. Chairman, as I have stated, I ob-ject to this amendment as proposed. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the DeSantis amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESANTIS. It is interesting, Mr. Chair, people talk about the Iran deal, and what the administration has really been doing is they have even gone be-yond the concessions that are in the Iran deal. If you look at getting access now to dollarized transactions, they said they weren’t going to have access to the American financial system, but effec-tively, Iran is going to have indirect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.176 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3252 May 25, 2016 
access to the American dollar. That was never called for by the Iran deal. That is a concession. Nor does the deal require us to spend American taxpayer funds to essentially inject into the Ira-nian regime and subsidize the nuclear program. So, Mr. Chair, I think it is a good amendment. I think our Members should vote for it. I yield back the balance of time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment by Mr. W
EBER of Texas. Amendment by Mr. E
LLISON of Min-nesota. Amendment No. 1 by Mr. F
ARR of California. Amendment by Mr. G
ARAMENDI of California. Amendment No. 34 by Mr. P
ITTENGER  of North Carolina. Amendment by Mr. G
OSAR of Ari-zona. Amendment by Mr. F
OSTER of Illi-nois. Amendment by Mr. S
EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, as amended. Amendment by Mr. B
YRNE of Ala-bama. Amendment No. 14 by Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN of Tennessee. Amendment by Mr. S
MITH of Mis-souri. Amendment by Mr. W
ALKER of North Carolina. Amendment by Mr. D
ESANTIS of Flor-ida. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WEBER OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 158, noes 260, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 251] AYES—158 
Abraham Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Comstock Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Latta Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—260 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Young (AK) Zeldin NOT VOTING—15 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Honda Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2228 Ms. TSONGAS, Messrs. POLIS, AGUILAR, Ms. PELOSI, Messrs. LOUDERMILK, and VELA changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. BILIRAKIS, WALBERG, GIBBS, FLEISCHMANN, LABRADOR, Mrs. ROBY, and Mr. BOST changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F OXX). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 245, not voting 14, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.179 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3253 May 25, 2016 
[Roll No. 252] AYES—174 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOES—245 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2233 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . FARR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 189, noes 228, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 253] AYES—189 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOES—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.088 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3254 May 25, 2016 
Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Keating Lamborn Meehan O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2236 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 126, noes 293, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 254] AYES—126 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Carney Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hinojosa Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Richmond Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOES—293 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia)(during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2239 Ms. WILSON of Florida changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . PITTENGER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 192, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 255] AYES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.093 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3255 May 25, 2016 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—192 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2243 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 230, noes 188, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 256] AYES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—188 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.095 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3256 May 25, 2016 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—15 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn McHenry O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2246 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F OXX). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 206, noes 213, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 257] AYES—206 
Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Carter (GA) Cartwright Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Forbes Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Graves (GA) Green, Gene Griffith Gutie´rrez Hahn Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaHood Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McDermott McHenry McSally Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moore Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Polis Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rigell Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Takano Thompson (MS) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Veasey Vela Walberg Walker Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Wenstrup Westmoreland Wittman Woodall Yoho Zeldin NOES—213 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Amodei Babin Barr Barton Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Cleaver Clyburn Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DelBene DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Edwards Ellison Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hill Huelskamp Hurd (TX) Jackson Lee Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Lee Lewis Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Matsui McCaul McCollum McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Payne Pearce Perlmutter Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ross Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2249 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SEAN PATRICK  
MALONEY OF NEW YORK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY ), as amended, on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 223, noes 195, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 258] AYES—223 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.096 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3257 May 25, 2016 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—195 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zinke NOT VOTING—15 
Blumenauer Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2253 So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 186, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 259] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.098 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3258 May 25, 2016 
Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2256 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 158, noes 258, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 260] AYES—158 
Allen Amash Babin Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOES—258 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—17 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) LaMalfa Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Sanford Takai Waters, Maxine Yarmuth b2259 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 119, noes 300, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 261] AYES—119 
Amodei Babin Barletta Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clay Cleaver Collins (GA) Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight LaMalfa Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McMorris Rodgers Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Palmer Pearce Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rouzer Russell Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tipton Wagner Walden Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Woodall Yoder Yoho Zinke 
NOES—300 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.089 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3259 May 25, 2016 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2302 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WALKER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 128, noes 291, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 262] AYES—128 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Conaway Cook Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Lummis Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Stewart Stutzman Tiberi Tipton Walberg Walker Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—291 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2306 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.099 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3260 May 25, 2016 
The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 251, noes 168, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 263] AYES—251 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—168 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2309 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chairman, I move that the committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ) having assumed the chair, Ms. F
OXX, Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES ON S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MOD-ERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to instruct on the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes, offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 205, nays 212, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 264] YEAS—205 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.204 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3261 May 25, 2016 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—212 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOT VOTING—16 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Duncan (TN) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth Young (AK) 
b2316 So the motion to instruct was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will appoint conferees on S. 2012 at a later time. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I was detained in my district on official business on May 24, 2016, and I missed the following rollcall votes: Rollcall vote No. 238, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall vote No. 237, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 236, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall vote No. 235, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 234, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 233, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 232, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 231, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Madam Speaker, on Tuesday, May 24, 2016, I was attending to representational du-ties in my congressional district and was not present for Roll Call Votes 231 through 238. I ask the record to reflect that had I been present I would have voted as follows: 1. On Roll Call 238, I would have voted yes. (H.R. 2576—On Concurring in the Senate Amendment with an Amendment to Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act) 2. On Roll Call 237, I would have voted no. (H.R. 897—On Passage of the Zika Vector Control Act) 3. On Roll Call 236, I would have voted yes. (H.R. 897—On Motion to Recommit with In-structions the Zika Vector Control Act) 4. On Roll Call 235, I would have voted no. (H.R. 5077—On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017) 5. On Roll Call 234, I would have voted no. (H. Res. 742—On Agreeing to the Resolution Providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to mod-ernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 897) Reducing Regu-latory Burdens Act, and for other purposes) 6. On Roll Call 233, I would have voted no. (H. Res. 742—On Ordering the Previous Question Providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 897) Reducing Reg-ulatory Burdens Act, and for other purposes) 7. On Roll Call 232, I would have voted no. (H. Res. 743—On Agreeing to the Resolution Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes) 8. On Roll Call 231, I would have voted no. (H. Res. 743—On Ordering the Previous Question Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes) REPORT ON RESOLUTION RELAT-ING TO CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–595) on the resolution (H. Res. 751) relating to consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. COLE. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. 
f 
b2320 CELEBRATING 81ST BIRTHDAY OF FORMER CONGRESSMAN WIL-LIAM STUCKEY, JR. (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise today in recognition of former Congressman William S. Stuckey, Jr.’s 81st birthday today. Born in 1935 in Eastman, Georgia, he attended the Georgia Military Acad-emy and then graduated from the Uni-versity of Georgia in 1956. For Georgians, he is most known for his time spent in Congress from 1967 to 1977, serving the Eighth District of Georgia and later the Ninth District. He went to great lengths to pass leg-islation that aided coastal Georgia’s environmental heritage, including a bill that made Cumberland Island a na-tional seashore by the United States National Park Service. Thanks to Mr. Stuckey, the island is an impressive, well-preserved, and se-cluded maritime force that amazes visitors each year. Another environmental bill passed by Mr. Stuckey made the Okefenokee Swamp a federally protected wilder-ness and created trails that visitors walk along today. I want to thank Mr. Stuckey for his service to Georgia. I wish him a very happy birthday. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS CRISIS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.104 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3262 May 25, 2016 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, as we go home for the Memorial Day commemoration to honor the fallen in battle, as we go home to commemorate the next step in the lives of many of the graduates in our district, it is shameful that we have not completed our work on the full funding to fight the Zika virus crisis and respond to the President’s request for $1.9 billion. Before I left my district on Monday, we had a major press conference with the mayor, the county commissioner, doctors, and others expressing their ap-prehension and concern about the dan-gerousness of the Zika virus. We are trying to inform our constitu-ents, but we are also pleading for re-sources to clean up sitting water and tires and to be able to continue the re-search for a vaccine. One of our experts indicated that they didn’t know how dangerous the Zika virus will be. Madam Speaker, it is important that we do our job. It is appropriate to take the President’s request and pass it— $1.9 billion—to do our job to fight the Zika virus. 
f 
HOUSE AMENDMENTS TO S. 2012 (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, with the House amendments to S. 2012, California is moving in the direction of doing responsible management of Cali-fornia’s water resources. Since this House has taken action, it is now up to California’s Senators to no longer ignore the crisis facing our State. We have heard a lot about Califor-nia’s water woes. Some falsely claim this bill prioritizes one area over an-other. But, also, it includes instead the strongest possible protections for northern California’s area of origin and senior water rights. It safeguards the most fundamental water right of all. Those who live where water originates will have access to it. Northern California water dis-tricts and farmers are strongly in sup-port of this bill. This measure accelerates surface water storage infrastructure projects, such as Sites Reservoir, which this year would have saved 1 million acre- feet of water had it been in place al-ready. We can’t expect 40 million peo-ple to survive on infrastructure de-signed generations ago. We have heard wild claims about how this measure could cause harm to the Endangered Species Act. But, in re-ality, it lives within the Endangered Species Act and biological opinions. Wildlife agencies currently base or-ders to cut off water to people on hunches, not data. This bill would pro-vide actual facts to end the arbitrary decisions we have seen in recent years. Finally, it allows more water to be stored and used during winter storms, when river flows are highest and there is no impact to fish populations. The delta outflows surpassed record numbers this year. As a result, very little water actually got saved and much was wasted, which could be in the San Luis Reservoir. We have to change these policies and save the people’s water for California with smarter management. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
UFFY (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today after 7:00 p.m. and for the balance of the week on ac-count of the birth of his child. Mr. L
AMBORN (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today after 7:00 p.m. and for the balance of the week on ac-count of attending his son’s graduation from Harvard Law School. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on May 24, 2016, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 2814. To name the Department of Vet-erans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, May 26, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quar-ter of 2015 and the second quarter of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ISRAEL, JORDAN, SAUDI ARABIA, EGYPT, AND GERMANY, EXPENDED BE TWEEN APR. 2 AND APR. 10, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Paul Ryan ........................................................ 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ............................................. ........ .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ........................................... .......... .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Hon. Mike Turner ..................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Hon. Gregory Meeks ................................................. 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ............................................ ......... .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Hon. Ron Kind ......................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Hon. Will Hurd ......................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ........................................ ............. .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Paul Irving ............................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ..................................... ................ .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Brian Monahan ........................................................ 4 /3 4 /5 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Jonathan Burks ........................................................ 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Damon Nelson ......................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Sophia LaFargue ...................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Brendan Buck .......................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Casey Higgins .......................................................... 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ........................................ ............. .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Tory Wickiser ............................................................ 4 /3 4 /5 Israel ...................................... ............... .................... 1,036.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,036.00 Rachel Klay .............................................................. 4 /1 4 /5 Israel ...................................... ............... .................... 1,972.00 .................... 10,682.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... 12,654.00 Hon. Paul Ryan ........................................................ 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 780.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ............................................. ...... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ........................................... ........ .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Hon. Mike Turner ..................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Hon. Gregory Meeks ................................................. 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ............................................ ....... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Hon. Ron Kind ......................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Hon. Will Hurd ......................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ........................................ ........... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Paul Irving ............................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ..................................... .............. .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Brian Monahan ........................................................ 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Jonathan Burks ........................................................ 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Damon Nelson ......................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Sophia LaFargue ...................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Brendan Buck .......................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Casey Higgins .......................................................... 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ........................................ ........... .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Tory Wickiser ............................................................ 4 /5 4 /7 Jordan ...................................... ............. .................... 780.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 780.00 Robert Fitzpatrick .................................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 1,809.00 .................... 2,158.00 .................... .................... ................... . 3,967.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.211 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3263 May 25, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ISRAEL, JORDAN, SAUDI ARABIA, EGYPT, AND GERMANY, EXPENDED BE TWEEN APR. 2 AND APR. 10, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Paul Ryan ........................................................ 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt .......................................... ........... .................... 284.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt .............................................. ....... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ............................................ ......... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Hon. Mike Turner ..................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ........................................... .......... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Hon. Gregory Meeks ................................................. 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ............................................. ........ .................... 284.00 .................... 3,112.00 .................... .................... .................... 3,3 96.00 Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ........................................... .......... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Hon. Ron Kind ......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt .......................................... ........... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Hon. Will Hurd ......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ......................................... ............ .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Paul Irving ............................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ...................................... ............... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Brian Monahan ........................................................ 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ........................................... .......... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Jonathan Burks ........................................................ 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt .......................................... ........... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Damon Nelson ......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ........................................... .......... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Sophia LaFargue ...................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ........................................... .......... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Brendan Buck .......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt .......................................... ........... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Casey Higgins .......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ......................................... ............ .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Tory Wickiser ............................................................ 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt ....................................... .............. .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Robert Fitzpatrick .................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 Egypt .......................................... ........... .................... 284.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 284.00 Hon. Paul Ryan ........................................................ 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ........................................... ..... .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ......................................... ....... .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Hon. Mike Turner ..................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Hon. Kristi Noem ..................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Hon. Ron Kind ......................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Hon. Will Hurd ......................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Paul Irving ............................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ................................... ............. .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Brian Monahan ........................................................ 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Jonathan Burks ........................................................ 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Damon Nelson ......................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Sophia LaFargue ...................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Brendan Buck .......................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Casey Higgins .......................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Tory Wickiser ............................................................ 4 /8 4 /10 Germany .................................... ............ .................... 712.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 712.00 Robert Dohr ............................................................. 4 /6 4 /10 Germany ..................................... ........... .................... 1,824.00 .................... 1,756.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 3,580.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 50,169.00 .................... 17,708.00 .................... .................... ..... ............... 67,877.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. PAUL D. RYAN, May 10, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ITALY, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 15 AND APR. 18, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 4 /15 4 /18 Italy ......................................... .............. .................... 1,392.60 .................... 843.46 .................... .................... ................. ... 2,236.06 Andrew Hammill ...................................................... 4 /15 4 /18 Italy .......................................... ............. .................... 1,392.60 .................... 2,034.36 .................... .................... ................ .... 3,426.96 Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 4 /15 4 /18 Italy ....................................... ................ .................... 1,392.60 .................... 2,041.06 .................... .................... ............. ....... 3,433.66 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 4,177.80 .................... 4,918.88 .................... .................... ....... ............. 9,096.68 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. NANCY PELOSI, May 17, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT . 1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. George Holding ................................................ 10 /11 10 /13 Vietnam ....................................... ......... .................... 542.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 542.00 10 /13 10 /15 Singapore .............................................. .................... 906.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 906.00 10 /15 10 /16 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 223.87 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 223.87 10 /16 10 /17 Philippines ............................................ .................... 462.44 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 462.44 Hon. Jason Smith .................................................... 10 /11 10 /13 Vietnam ...................................... .......... .................... 542.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 542.00 10 /13 10 /15 Singapore .............................................. .................... 906.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 906.00 10 /15 10 /16 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 223.87 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 223.87 10 /16 10 /17 Vietnam ................................................ .................... 462.44 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 462.44 Hon. Linda T. Sa´nchez ............................................ 11 /20 11 /22 Bosnia ................................................... ....... ............. 338.42 .................... 11,577.40 .................... .................... .................... 11,915.82 11 /22 11 /24 Croatia .................................................. .................... 694.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 694.00 Angela Ellard ........................................................... 11 /14 11 /18 Philippines .............................. .............. .................... 1,603.57 .................... 13,872.80 .................... .................... .............. ...... 15,476.37 Stephen Claeys ........................................................ 11 /14 11 /18 Philippines ................................ ............ .................... 1,361.40 .................... 13,872.80 .................... .................... ................ .... 15,234.20 Katherine Tai ........................................................... 11 /14 11 /18 Philippines .............................. .............. .................... 1,242.56 .................... 17,985.80 .................... .................... .............. ...... 19,228.36 Angela Ellard ........................................................... 12 /14 12 /18 Kenya .................................... ................ .................... 1,459.88 .................... 13,200.20 .................... .................... ............ ........ 14,660.08 Geoff Antell .............................................................. 12 /14 12 /18 Kenya .................................. .................. .................... 1,207.41 .................... 16,587.20 .................... .................... .......... .......... 17,794.61 Keigan Mull ............................................................. 12 /14 12 /18 Kenya .................................... ................ .................... 1,662.41 .................... 17,407.20 .................... .................... ............ ........ 19,069.61 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 13,838.27 .................... 104,503.40 .................... .................... .... ................ 118,341.67 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, May 10, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.038 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3264 May 25, 2016 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5493. A letter from the Director, Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Agency Final Regulations Implementing Executive Order 13559: Fundamental Principles and Pol-icymaking Criteria for Partnerships With Faith-Based and Other Neighborhood Organi-zations (RIN: 0503-AA55) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5494. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulations, Office of General Counsel, Office of the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Fed-eral Agency Final Regulations Implementing Executive Order 13559: Fundamental Prin-ciples and Policymaking Criteria for Part-nerships With Faith-Based and Other Neigh-borhood Organizations [Docket No.: FR-5781- F-02] (RIN: 2501-AD65) received May 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 5495. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, De-partment of Education, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Federal Agency Final Regulations Implementing Executive Order 13559: Fundamental Principles and Pol-icymaking Criteria for Partnerships With Faith-Based and Other Neighborhood Organi-zations [ED-2014-OS-0131] (RIN: 1895-AA01) re-ceived May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5496. A letter from the Principle Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Policy, Office of the Secretary, Department of Labor, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Federal Agency Final Regulations Implementing Ex-ecutive Order 13559: Fundamental Principles and Policymaking Criteria for Partnerships With Faith-Based and Other Neighborhood Organizations (RIN: 1290-AA29) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 5497. A letter from the Director, HHS Cen-ter for Faith-based and Neighborhood Part-nerships, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Agency Final Regula-tions Implementing Executive Order 13559: Fundamental Principles and Policymaking Criteria for Partnerships With Faith-Based and Other Neighborhood Organizations (RIN: 0991-AB96) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5498. A letter from the Regulatory Policy Officer, Center for Faith-Based and Commu-nity Initiatives, United States Agency for International Development, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Federal Agency Final Regulations Implementing Executive Order 13559: Fundamental Principles and Policy-making Criteria for Partnerships With Faith-Based and Other Neighborhood Organi-zations (RIN: 0412-AA75) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5499. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Policy, Office of the Attorney General, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Federal Agency Final Regulations Implementing Executive Order 13559: Fundamental Principles and Pol-icymaking Criteria for Partnerships With Faith-Based and Other Neighborhood Organi-zations [Docket No.: OAG 149; AG Order No.: 3649-2016] (RIN: 1105-AB45) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5500. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Office of the Secretary, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Agency Final Regulations Imple-menting Executive Order 13559: Fundamental Principles and Policymaking Criteria for Partnerships With Faith-Based and Other Neighborhood Organizations (RIN: 2900-AP05) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 5501. A letter from the Senior Advisor to the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Lib-erties, Office of the Secretary, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Federal Agency Final Regulations Implementing Executive Order 13559: Fundamental Principles and Pol-icymaking Criteria for Partnerships With Faith-Based and Other Neighborhood Organi-zations [Docket No.: DHS-2006-0065] (RIN: 1601-AA40) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Homeland Security. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 5325. A bill making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–594). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 751. Resolution relating to con-sideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–595). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Mr. R
ENACCI ): H.R. 5320. A bill to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on docu-ments sent by mail by the Social Security Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H.R. 5321. A bill to prevent the proposed amendments to rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure from taking effect; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. PIERLUISI , and Mr. S ERRANO ): H.R. 5322. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemp-tion for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Ms. D
ELBENE): H.R. 5323. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. C
ULBER -
SON, and Mr. M EADOWS ): H.R. 5324. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the permissible use of health savings accounts to include health insurance payments and to increase the dollar limitation for contributions to health savings accounts, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. G
IBSON ): H.R. 5326. A bill to provide funding for fis-cal year 2017 for the Office of Public Partici-pation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia): H.R. 5327. A bill to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and sub-stance use disorders; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5328. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require a general notice of proposed rule making for a major rule to in-clude a cost-benefit analysis of the proposed rule, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5329. A bill to require the National Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration to extend the IANA functions contract unless it certifies that the United States Government has secured sole owner-ship of the .gov and .mil top-level domains, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. H AS-
TINGS ): H.R. 5330. A bill to provide for a report on best practices for peer-support specialist pro-grams, to authorize grants for behavioral health paraprofessional training and edu-cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 5331. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for behavioral health infrastructure improvements under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. E NGEL ): H.R. 5332. A bill to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participa-tion of women in mediation and negotiations processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or re-solve violent conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5333. A bill to impose sanctions in re-lation to violations by Iran of the Geneva 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.038 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3265 May 25, 2016 
Convention (III) or the right under inter-national law to conduct innocent passage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H
ANNA , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 5334. A bill to provide for the issuance of a semipostal to benefit programs that combat invasive species; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska): H.R. 5335. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand certain excep-tions to the private activity bond rules for first-time farmers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. JONES: H. Res. 748. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that United States law firms should not represent Iran in any judicial proceeding or other ca-pacity to assist efforts of Iran to avoid pay-ing compensation to victims of Iran-spon-sored terrorism; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. M URPHY  of Florida, and Mr. B
ROOKS of Ala-bama): H. Res. 749. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 25 as ‘‘National Moonshot Day’’ and recognizing the impor-tance of conquering scientific challenges from medicine to space and beyond; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mrs. D AVIS of California): H. Res. 750. A resolution urging the Euro-pean Union to designate Hizballah in its en-tirety as a terrorist organization and in-crease pressure on it and its members; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. L
EE, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. N
ORTON , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia): H. Res. 752. A resolution condemning the Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, and urg-ing China to end the dog meat trade; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L
EE, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , and Ms. F UDGE ): H. Res. 753. A resolution expressing support for the designation of June 2, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Day’’ and June 2016 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Aware-ness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H
ANNA , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. W
ALZ): H. Res. 754. A resolution expressing the commitment of the House of Representatives to work to combat the nationwide problem of invasive species threatening native eco-systems; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Transportation and In-frastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 5320. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5321. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5322. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 5323. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. . .’’ By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5324. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Sixteenth Amendment to the Con-stitution grants Congress ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without re-gard to any census or enumeration.’’ Left undefined in the amendment, the ‘‘incomes’’ appropriate for taxation must be determined through legislation passed by Congress. Con-gress therefore has the power to exclude from income taxation such sources as it deems appropriate. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: H.R. 5325. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate finds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 5326. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 5327. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5328. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into the Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5329. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5332. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Aricle I, Section 8 By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 3 Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MY7.100 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3266 May 25, 2016 
By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 5334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 230: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 303: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 317: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 347: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 430: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 499: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 581: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 667: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 711: Mr. D
OLDand Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 816: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 822: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 836: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 863: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 911: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 923: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 964: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 986: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 1197: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1343: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 1347: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1427: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 1571: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 1594: Mr. K
NIGHT and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1688: Mr. G
OSAR , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 1713: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1736: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1877: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 1943: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 2058: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 2096: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 2218: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 2264: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2290: Mr. M
CCAUL and Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2315: Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , and Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 2411: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2434: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2646: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2703: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2739: Mr. G
UTHRIE and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2889: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 2903: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. S
HIMKUS , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 2938: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2992: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. N EAL. H.R. 3084: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 3092: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 3137: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 3163: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 3229: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 3235: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3316: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3411: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3412: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 3516: Mr. GIBSON and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 3558: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 3656: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 3687: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. F ARR, and Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 3706: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY . H.R. 3742: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 3929: Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, Mr. H
URDof Texas, and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 3957: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4013: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4055: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4062: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 4137: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4141: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 4161: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 4166: Mr. C
ARNEY . H.R. 4172: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4177: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 4247: Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4333: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. R OKITA , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4365: Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. D
OLD, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. G UINTA . H.R. 4386: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4435: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 4442: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 4448: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4469: Mr. S
TUTZMAN and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 4514: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. G UINTA . H.R. 4542: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4592: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. F ARR, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 4616: Mr. S
CHIFF and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 4620: Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. H UIZENGA  of Michigan, Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 4626: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 4640: Mr. L
EWIS. H.R. 4681: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4693: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4715: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 4730: Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4764: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. H.R. 4768: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4773: Mr. R
IGELL , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 4774: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 4796: Mr. N
OLAN and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4815: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 4888: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4893: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4932: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4956: Mr. B
RADY of Texas and Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 4979: Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 5035: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 5044: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi- nois, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. A
DAMS , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 5073: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5082: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 5085: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H
INOJOSA , and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 5091: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. A
SHFORD , and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 5094: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5119: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. O LSON , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 5124: Mr. S
ERRANO and Mr. R ANGEL . H.R. 5143: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 5149: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5190: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 5208: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 5210: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. W HITFIELD , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5213: Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 5214: Mr. H
ANNA . H.R. 5216: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5224: Mr. K
INGof Iowa and Mr. S ALM-
ON. H.R. 5234: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5240: Mr. T
AKAI, Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, and Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 5265: Mr. T
AKANO and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 5272: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 5275: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B ARR, Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 5292: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 5294: Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. O LSON , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5307: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H. Res. 14: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , and Mr. R EED. H. Res. 94: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. T
AKANO . H. Res. 230: Mr. S
CHRADER . H. Res. 494: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H. Res. 590: Ms. S
INEMA . H. Res. 650: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 660: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H. Res. 683: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H. Res. 705: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana. H. Res. 717: Ms. T
ITUS. H. Res. 746: Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. B
ONAMICI , and Mr. I SRAEL . f 
AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. LOWENTHAL  A
MENDMENT NO. 35: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used in contraven-tion of Executive Order No. 13547 of July 19, 2010. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce section 506 of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:23 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.041 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3267 May 25, 2016 
H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. WALKER  A
MENDMENT NO. 36: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) The amounts otherwise made available by this Act for the following ac-counts of the Department of Energy are hereby reduced by the following amounts: (1) ‘‘Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy’’, $400,000. (2) ‘‘Nuclear Energy’’, $25,455,000. (3) ‘‘Fossil Energy Research and Develop-ment’’, $13,000,000. (4) ‘‘Strategic Petroleum Reserve’’, $45,000,000. (5) ‘‘Non-Defense Environmental Cleanup’’, $2,400,000. (6) ‘‘Science’’, $49,800,000. (7) ‘‘Advanced Research Projects Agency- Energy’’, $14,889,000. (b) The amounts otherwise made available by this Act for the following accounts are hereby reduced by the following amounts: H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. MCNERNEY  A
MENDMENT NO. 37: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. No Federal funds under this Act may be used for a project with respect to which an investigation was initiated by the Inspector General of the Department of the Interior during calendar years 2015, 2016, or 2017. H.R. 5055 OFFERED BY: MR. MCNERNEY  A
MENDMENT NO. 38: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to issue Federal debt forgiveness or capital repayment for-giveness for any district or entity served by the Central Valley Project if the district or entity has been subject to an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission finding a violation of section 17(a)(2) of the Securi-ties Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77q(a)(2)). H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. BRAT A
MENDMENT NO. 39: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to make or renew a loan guarantee under the Innovative Tech-nology Loan Guarantee Program under title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 in ex-cess of 50 percent of the project cost. Amendment to H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY MR. BRAT A
MENDMENT NO. 40: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to make or renew a loan guarantee under the Innovative Tech-nology Loan Guarantee Program under title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005. Amendment to H.R. 5055 OFFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  A
MENDMENT NO. 41: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Bureau of Reclamation to issue a permit for California WaterFix or, with respect to California WaterFix, to provide for compliance under section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) or section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536). Amendment to H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. MULLIN  A
MENDMENT NO. 42: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Beginning on November 8, 2016, through January 20, 2017, none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose or finalize a regulatory action that is likely to result in a rule that may have an annual effect on the economy of $100,000,000 or more, as specified in section 3(f)(1) of Ex-ecutive Order No. 12866 of September 30, 1993. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.047 H25MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3129 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 2016 No. 83 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, who renews our strength and guides us along right paths, we honor Your Name. We do not fear what the future may bring, for You are close be-side us. Send our Senators forth today to do right as You give them the ability to see it. May their deeds fit their words and their conduct match their profes-sion. By Your sustaining grace, may their hearts be steadied and stilled, purged of self and filled with Your peace and poise. As Memorial Day nears, we pause to thank You for those who gave their lives that this Nation might live. And, Lord, today we thank You for the more than four decades of service on Capitol Hill by Ruby Paone. We are grateful for the joy she has brought to our lives. As she prepares to leave us, bless her more than she can ask or imagine. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, after 2 days of needless delay from across the aisle, this morning we will vote to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to the National Defense Au-thorization Act and hopefully adopt that motion quickly thereafter. This critical defense bill passed com-mittee on a strong bipartisan basis; there is no reason for further delay from our Democratic colleagues. The National Defense Authorization Act authorizes funds and sets our policy for our military annually. It is always an important bill. It is especially impor-tant today. Consider the multitude of threats facing us from nearly every corner of the world. Consider the need to start preparing our armed services for the many global threats the next President will be forced to confront. As I have noted before, some of the most senior national security officials within this administration—such as Secretary of Defense Carter and Gen-eral Dunford or those recently retired from service, such as retired General Campbell—have spoken of the need to better position the next President in theaters from Afghanistan to Asia to Libya. So whoever that President is, regard-less of party, we should take action now to help our next Commander in Chief in this year of transition. That is what this defense legislation before the Senate will help us do. No. 1, it will support our allies and partners, authorizing funds to combat ISIL, preserve gains in Afghanistan, in-crease readiness at NATO, and assist friends like Ukraine. No. 2, it will enhance military readi-ness, providing more of the equipment, training, and resources our service-members need. No. 3, it will help keep our country safe, getting us better prepared to con-front emerging threats like cyber war-fare, terrorism, and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Critically, this bill will also honor our commitment to servicemembers, their families, and veterans, author-izing raises, supporting Wounded War-riors, and delivering better health care and benefits for the men and women who stand on guard for us every single day. This bill contains sweeping reforms designed to advance American innova-tion and preserve our military’s tech-nological edge. The funding level it au-thorizes is the same as what President Obama requested in his budget. As I said earlier, it passed the Armed Services Committee on a strong bipar-tisan vote, 23 to 3, including every sin-gle Democrat on the committee. The Armed Services chairman, Senator M
CCAIN, knows what it means to serve. He is always on guard for the men and women of our military. This bill is a reflection of his commitment. It is a commitment to them, and it is a com-mitment to every American—to pre-paring our country in this year of tran-sition for both the threats we face today and the threats yet to emerge. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last week Senators came to the floor to highlight the continuing broken prom-ises of ObamaCare. We did so in the shadow of proposed double-digit ObamaCare premium increases in States across our country, everywhere from Tennessee, to Oregon, to New Hampshire. Americans have gotten further bad news since, including ObamaCare pre-mium spikes that could reach as high as 83 percent in New Mexico. Each day seems to bring more and more trou-bling news, which could mean heart-break for even more Americans. Take, for instance, some headlines from just last night: ‘‘Most Arkansas insurers propose double-digit hikes for 2017.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.000 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3130 May 25, 2016 
‘‘Some rates in Georgia insurance ex-change could soar in 2017’’—and by ‘‘soar,’’ they are talking about as high as 65 percent. As one paper put it, there is ‘‘no end in sight for higher Obamacare pre-miums.’’ These are not just abstract numbers; they can represent real pain for fami-lies already stretched to the limits under the ObamaCare economy. A re-cent survey showed that health care costs are now the top financial concern facing American families, ahead of con-cerns about low wages and even job loss. And what does the Democratic re-sponse too often seem to boil down to? They say: Just get over it. Get over it. Just the other day, the Democratic leader in the Senate said that Ameri-cans who, like us, disagree with the pain ObamaCare is causing need to just ‘‘get over it and accept the fact that ObamaCare is here to stay.’’ That is hardly the only callous comment we have heard from across the aisle on ObamaCare. I would ask Democratic colleagues to listen to the Americans who continue to share heartbreaking ObamaCare sto-ries with us, like these Kentuckians: Should the Elizabethtown man who says he can’t afford to see a doctor under his ObamaCare plan, despite the fact that he pays more for his premium than his house payment, just get over it? Should the dad from Owensboro who said he has seen his family’s health costs increase by nearly 250 percent under ObamaCare just get over it? ‘‘What happened to being rewarded for working hard in America?’’ this dad asked. ‘‘What happened to the Amer-ican dream?’’ Many Americans are wondering the same thing. ObamaCare continues to write a record of broken promises at the ex-pense of the American people. Instead of lowering premiums by up to $2,500 for a typical family, as then-Senator Obama talked about on the campaign trail, ObamaCare has raised many fam-ilies’ rates. Instead of making health care costs more affordable for all, ObamaCare has led to unaffordable out- of-pocket costs for families all across our country. The bottom line is this: ObamaCare is too often hurting those it proposed to help. It is a direct attack on the middle class. The Republican-led Senate sent a bill to President Obama’s desk to repeal this partisan law so we can replace it with policies that actually put the American people first because, let’s re-member, the American people do not need to get over ObamaCare’s failures. Our Democratic colleagues need to fi-nally join us in working to end those failures. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUBY PAONE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, when Ruby Paone started her first day on the job in 1975, she was fresh out of college. Today, she has served here longer than any current Senator, save one—the senior Senator from Vermont. Ruby Paone, our Senate doorkeeper, has seen a lot in her 41 years in the Senate. She has watched legends, such as Baker and Mansfield, in action. She has acquired a lot of unique titles, such as card desk assistant and reception room attendant. We are really going to miss her when she retires later this month. I think Ruby is looking forward to kicking back in Myrtle Beach after more than four decades of Senate service. More importantly, I think she is anxious to spend some time with her family, away from work. Her son Tommy works at the Senate appointments desk. Her daughter Stephanie works in the Democratic Cloakroom. Her husband Marty used to as well. The two of them even met right here in the Senate. We are glad that Ruby will get to spend more quality time—that is, non- Senate time—with her family. And we are sure she would like to see a little more of her son Alexander as well. As Ruby knows, she will be leaving a family behind here too. She has served as surrogate mom of sorts to many doorkeepers, pages, and interns. They have looked up to her for wisdom and for advice. And it is no wonder. She has a lifetime of stories and experiences to share in a retirement that is richly de-served. We will miss Ruby Paone, but we wish her the very best, and above all, we thank her for her many years of service. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. REID. Mr. President, it is really unfortunate that the Republican leader comes here often and continues to harp and complain about ObamaCare, even though it is continuing to work. More than 9 out of 10 Americans now have health care. This is the best it has ever been. It has never been this way before. They say they want to repeal ObamaCare. They have tried scores of times. It hasn’t worked. So I guess what they are saying is that they just want to get rid of this, and have people go back to the way it used to be. I re-member and people in America remem-ber canceling insurance if they were sick. If they had a real serious illness, they would cancel because their bills were too high. If they had a preexisting disability, forget about it—they couldn’t get insurance. If they were a college student, they were cut off quickly; they couldn’t stay on their family’s insurance policy. Many men and women can stay on the insurance of their parents. So we would be much better off with ObamaCare and with helping the Amer-ican people if, rather than complain, as they have for 6 or 7 years, they worked with us to try to improve the bill. We know it can be improved, but we can’t do it alone. So that is how unfortunate this argu-ment has been. We need everything ObamaCare does. We don’t have any-thing better. And we are not going to do anything to help the poor. That is a strange way to conduct business, but that is the way it has been in the fili-buster-laden Republican Party since Obama was elected. f 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION AND DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS BILLS Mr. REID. Mr. President, over the next few weeks, the Senate will be vot-ing on both the Defense authorization and Defense appropriations bills, these two very important pieces of legisla-tion. We need to take the time to un-derstand them and, of course, to read these bills and make sure we are doing the right thing. Just reading the De-fense authorization bill is not going to be an hour-long deal. It is not going to be done watching a ball game or watch-ing television programs. Why? It is a very big piece of legislation. This is it. Try reading that between innings— 1,664 pages. Chairman M
CCAIN may have read this. He may understand every line in it. He would have a better chance than most of us because he is the one who conducted the hearings behind closed doors—secret sessions. Few outside the committee probably know what is in this monstrous bill, this big bill. Even though the chairman came here on Monday and started complaining about this legislation, if you want to get an idea how the bill was hastily put together, consider this. The bill was put together behind closed doors. At 5 p.m. last night, Senator M
CCAIN’s com-mittee voted on the classified annex to the Defense authorization bill. He had been ranting and raving about Demo-crats holding up this bill. That is what the Republican leader did here today. He didn’t rant and rave, but he did say we are holding it up. But the com-mittee hadn’t finished its work as of last night. The bill wasn’t done. They just finished it last night at 5 p.m. Un-fortunately, it appears that this mas-sive bill is everything Senator M
CCAIN has in the past complained about. He says he hated what has gone on in the past. This bill is loaded with special projects—loaded with them—sprinkled with special favors and many different flavors. It has extraneous provisions, and who knows what else. If there were ever anything that could be identified as an earmark or two or three or four or a few hundred, it is in this bill. I thought Senator M
CCAIN didn’t like that. I can understand why some would want to rush this bill through the Sen-ate without a lot of public scrutiny, but we are not going to do that. This legislation is far too important. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.002 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3131 May 25, 2016 
I started reading a book last night called ‘‘Red Platoon.’’ It is a brand-new book written by a man who won a Medal of Honor. It talks about a re-mote outpost in Afghanistan. We know what sacrifices the Red Platoon and the men and women who fought in the new wars in Iraq and Afghanistan made. So we know they deserve better than just rushing through this bill. Hard-working American taxpayers de-serve better. The one thing we can all agree on is that Americans must have a strong, strong military with the capability to defend America’s national security in-terests around the world and to protect us here at home. There is no dispute about that. Democrats believe that we must take care of our middle class also. We must know that the security of all Ameri-cans depends not only on the Pen-tagon—on bombs and bullets—but also on other national security interests— the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration, and the help that comes through this legislation to local police departments and first responders. That is why we fought so hard as Democrats last year to stop the devastating cuts from sequestration, which was gen-erated by the Republicans and which would have been a disaster for the mili-tary, our national security, and mil-lions of middle-class Americans. We need a bipartisan budget agree-ment. We reached that, and it is com-mendable that the Republican leader said we want to stick with that. Well, we need to stick with it because that bipartisan budget agreement was based on the principle that we need to treat the middle class as fairly as the Pen-tagon. That agreement was intended to avoid another budget fight this year, but it doesn’t appear that is possible. I was pleased that my Republican friends stuck to this budget agreement in the committee with both authoriza-tion and appropriations. But we have been told—and told publicly—that they intend to break the bipartisan budget agreement and propose $18 billion in-creases only for the Pentagon. This money is going to come from a strange source. It is going to come from the military itself. I had the good fortune of meeting with the Secretary of Defense last Thursday. To use the so-called OCO moneys—they are used for warfighting, and that is why they are put in there— to take this and use it for some other source or some other purpose is wrong. My friend talks about how the mili-tary supports this legislation. Of course they do. But they don’t support what Chairman M
CCAINis going to try to do. In the process, we need only to look at what else is going on with the Republican Senate. They refuse to pro-vide money to fight the Zika virus, to stop the terrible situation regarding opioid drugs. The people of Flint, MI, are still waiting for help. We need fund-ing for local law enforcement, which has not been forthcoming, and for the intelligence agencies and our first re-sponders. It is wrong not to take care of these folks. We reached an agreement last year. Now both sides need to keep our prom-ises and the agreement for the Amer-ican people. We must treat the middle class fairly. Make no mistake, as the appropriations process moves forward, we are going to insist on that. I will support cloture on the motion to proceed to the Defense authorization bill today, even though in 2010 my friend, the chairman of the committee, voted with other Republicans to stop moving forward on the Defense bill. But Democrats are willing to proceed deliberately. We are going to hold Re-publicans to their word on the budget agreement. We are going to do our jobs, as we want them to do theirs. Our Armed Forces and middle-class Ameri-cans deserve nothing less. f 
TRIBUTE TO RUBY PAONE Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend the Republican leader talked about Ruby Paone. I have so much admira-tion and respect for her that it is hard to put it into words. In 1975, a young woman from North Carolina came to the U.S. Capitol. She was overwhelmed by everything, espe-cially overwhelmed by this huge build-ing she was going to work in. Ruby was excited for her first day of work at the Senate reception desk. But as she ap-proached the Capitol, realizing what her new job was all about and the new city, she recalls: ‘‘Walking into this building, I was overwhelmed.’’ It is understandable that she felt that way. Many of us have and do feel the same way. The Capitol was a big change for Ruby. She was raised in the small town of Bladenboro, NC. She was a farm girl who spent her summers pulling peanuts—I didn’t know you pulled peanuts, but that is what they do—and harvesting tobacco. Ruby graduated from a small Presbyterian school, St. Andrews University. She is the only one in her family to leave their small town in North Carolina. But as Ruby got situated in her new job that day, another feeling set in. She said: ‘‘It just felt right to be here.’’ Now, 41 years, 2 months, and 9 days after she walked through the Capitol doors to start a new job, she is leaving. It is hard to imagine her not being here. To borrow from her own words, ‘‘it just feels right’’ to have Ruby here. Tomorrow is going to be her last day in the Senate. After more than four decades of service to the greatest delib-erative body, Ruby is retiring to spend more time with her family. Her fam-ily’s gain is our loss. She is an institu-tion, a fixture in the Senate. She is the longest serving woman who works with the doorkeepers. She has been here for 7 different Presidential administra-tions, 10 consecutive inaugurations, 16 different Sergeants at Arms, and 383 different Senators. She recognizes every one of those 383 Senators, and there is a reason that she does that. When she was first hired, we didn’t have the names and faces in these books we give to the pages and to new Senators. It wasn’t done that way then. She had to do it by memorizing their names and learning to recognize them when they came into the Capitol Rotunda and on the Senate floor. She would walk around and look for these Senators to get to know who they were. She grew close to many of these Senators, including Blanche Lincoln, TOMCARPER , and T HADCOCHRAN . I know Ruby. I know her family quite well. Her husband worked on the Sen-ate floor for many years. He was in-strumental to Majority Leader George Mitchell, Tom Daschle, and me. No one knows the rules of the Senate better than Marty Paone. He now works for President Obama in the Office of Legis-lative Affairs. He is a very special per-son, and I have such admiration for him. When their children were in high school, we would often talk about their children—how they played ball, how they did well, how they didn’t do so well the night before. That is what our conversations were about. We didn’t talk a lot of Senate business, unless we had to. I am sorry to say that we had to many times. Marty helped me so many times through very difficult situ-ations on the floor. To say that I will miss Ruby is an un-derstatement. I want be able to come to Ruby and say: How is Marty? How is he doing? Throughout my entire time in the Senate, she has always been here with a smile and a kind word. She is as much a part of this place as anyone who has ever served in the Senate. So I, along with the entire Senate—Sen-ators, staff—wish her the best as she embarks on her well-deserved retire-ment. Ruby, thank you very much for your 41 years, 2 months, and 9 days of serv-ice. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S.J. Res. 28, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 28) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.003 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3132 May 25, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time will be equally divided between opponents and proponents until 11 a.m., with Senator S
HAHEEN controlling 10 minutes of the proponent time. The Senator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to S.J. Res. 28 and ask to be allowed to speak. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is recognized. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, it seems there are only two speakers. So per-haps we will be able to finish this dis-cussion by the top of the hour. Last week, the Senate appropriated a large sum of money to fight the threat of the Zika virus. We are going to spend, together with what was already available and what was appropriated last week, at least $1 billion fighting this Zika threat and probably $2 bil-lion, and rightly so because Zika is a potential health threat to Americans. We believe it is money well spent to prevent more serious diseases and more serious afflictions to Americans. Yet we have in place today a USDA pro-gram that is protecting Americans against 175,000 cases of cancer, accord-ing to USDA documents. It is pro-tecting Americans against 91 million exposures to antimicrobials. This USDA catfish inspection pro-gram that is under threat this morning is protecting Americans from some 23.3 million exposures to heavy metals, and yet this program cost the taxpayers, in the Department of Agriculture, only $1.1 million a year. Compared to the $1 billion or $2 billion we are going to spend on Zika, a relatively small $1.1 million a year is protecting Americans against contaminated foreign catfish coming in from overseas. We have been inspecting imported fish for quite a while in the United States of America. Under the old proce-dure, the Food and Drug Administra-tion inspected imported catfish. There was a problem. Under the old proce-dure, FDA inspected only 2 percent of all imports and what we found out was that in the 98 percent of catfish im-ports that were coming in, there was a lot of bad stuff coming in that threat-ened Americans and their good health. In 2008 Congress passed—and the President made a change to it, which was reiterated in 2012 and has recently been enacted—the farm bill. It provides for 100 percent inspection of foreign catfish instead of the 2 percent that we had before. What has been the result of that? By comparison, when the FDA was in-specting Vietnamese and other foreign catfish coming into the United States during the years 2014 and 2015, the FDA picked up on a whopping total of two shipments of foreign catfish containing known carcinogens over the course of more than 2 years. I am glad they found those carcinogens and stopped these cancer-causing agents from com-ing in, but think of what we could have discovered that was eventually con-sumed by Americans if we had in-spected not just 2 percent but the whole 100 percent. By contrast, the USDA inspection procedures began in April, and in that short time the USDA has intercepted two shipments of for-eign catfish containing known carcino-gens in less than 2 weeks. If you do the math, the USDA is intercepting harm-ful catfish—and there is no question that the carcinogens are harmful and there is no question that we can’t le-gally bring this contaminated catfish in—at a rate 21 times greater than under the old procedure under the FDA. It is mystifying that we will soon vote on a resolution that would go back to the old way. We caught two deadly shipments in the last 2 weeks, and we have before us today a resolu-tion that would put us back to a proce-dure that found two violations in the course of 2 years. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the letter, dated May 24, 2016, from the Safe Food Coalition be print-ed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SAFEFOODCOALITION , Washington, DC, May 24, 2016. D
EARSENATOR : The undersigned members of the Safe Food Coalition write to strongly oppose S.J. Res. 28, which provides for con-gressional disapproval and nullification, under the Congressional Review Act, of the final rule for a mandatory inspection pro-gram for fish of the order Siluriformes, in-cluding catfish and catfish products (‘‘cat-fish’’). Congress transferred regulation of catfish from the Food and Drug Administra-tion (FDA) to the U.S. Department of Agri-culture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) as part of the 2008 Farm Bill. Since then, we have supported FSIS rulemaking in written comments and in public meetings. Starkly different catfish farming practices in foreign countries, often accompanied by inadequate environmental and food safety standards, raise significant public health concerns. The FDA regulation of catfish did not sufficiently address those concerns. As the U.S. Government Accountability Office found in 2011, FDA’s inspection of imported seafood products was ‘‘ineffectively imple-mented,’’ and subjected just 0.1% of all im-ported seafood products to testing for drug residues. Yet chemical residue violations in imported catfish are rampant. According to testing performed by FDA and the Agri-culture Marketing Service, fully 9% of im-ported catfish products tested positive for the banned antimicrobial chemical mala-chite green, and 2% tested positive for the banned chemical gentian violet. The FSIS inspection program, and its con-tinuous inspection requirement, will provide a sorely needed safeguard against this type of adulteration. The program, which applies to both domestic and foreign processors, in-corporates more robust import inspection protocols. These more rigorous standards are already paying off. Within the past two weeks, FSIS inspectors have detained two shipments from Vietnam of catfish products adulterated with gentian violet, malachite green, enrofloxacin, and fluoroquinolone—all banned substances under U.S. law. Under the new inspection program, these importers will have to cover the expense of test-and-hold sampling while they undertake corrective actions. Compared to the former inspection regime, this will provide needed assurance to American consumers, and more equitably as-sign the costs of enforcement. For the foregoing reasons, we urge rejec-tion of the motion to rescind the catfish in-spection rule. Sincerely, CENTER FOR FOODBORNE  I
LLNESS , RESEARCH & P
REVENTION , C
ONSUMER FEDERATION OF  A
MERICA , C
ONSUMERS UNION, F
OOD& W ATER WATCH , N
ATIONAL CONSUMER  L
EAGUE , STOP F
OODBORNE ILLNESS . 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I will read a few sentences from the second paragraph of this Safe Food Coalition letter, which is signed by a coalition, including the Center for Foodborne Ill-ness Research & Prevention, the Con-sumer Federation of America, the Con-sumers Union, Food & Water Watch, the National Consumers League, and STOP Foodborne Illness. Those groups have formed this coalition, and they say this: 
Starkly different catfish farming practices in foreign countries, often accompanied by inadequate environmental and food safety standards, raise significant public health concerns. The FDA regulation of catfish did not sufficiently address those concerns. 
Two percent of all imports were in-spected and the others came in without a single look from the government. The letter continues: 
As the U.S. Government Accountability Office found in 2011, FDA’s inspection of im-ported seafood products was ‘‘ineffectively implemented’’ and subjected just 0.1% of all imported seafood products to testing for drug residues. Yet chemical residue viola-tions in imported catfish are rampant. Ac-cording to testing performed by FDA and the Agriculture Marketing Service, fully 9% of imported catfish products tested positive for the banned antimicrobial chemical mala-chite green, and 2% tested positive for the banned chemical gentian violet. 
I will simply say, these people don’t have an ax to grind. They don’t stand to make a lot of money by selling cheap catfish to the American con-sumer. They are looking out for food safety, and they say there is a starkly different farming practice here than they have in foreign countries. It strikes me as stunning that with the starkly different practices—the unsafe practices in Vietnam and places like that in Asia and the safe practices here—that we would be about to vote in a few moments on a procedure that is very tough on catfish produced by American workers. If this resolution passes today, 100 percent of catfish pro-duced by American workers earning a living and doing this for their families will be subject to inspection, and only 2 percent will be subjected—only 2 per-cent of the starkly different catfish procedures that are potentially bring-ing in carcinogens—will be subjected to testing by the government. It is com-pletely backward. I hope my colleagues will vote no on final passage of this S.J. Res. 28. Let’s treat American workers at least the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.004 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3133 May 25, 2016 
same as we treat foreign workers. Let’s treat products grown and produced in America the same as products grown and produced in foreign countries, and let’s do it in the name of food safety. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I rise to support this Congressional Review Act resolution to block the USDA cat-fish inspection program. Despite what my colleague from Mis-sissippi has said, there is no evidence that the catfish program provides any additional food safety benefit. It was designed to create a trade barrier. I appreciate the opposition of my col-league from Mississippi. He is working for his catfish farmers in Mississippi. I know I like Mississippi catfish, but I like all kinds of catfish. In fact, the USDA, FDA, CDC, and the GAO have all confirmed that catfish, both domes-tic and imported, is already safe under FDA’s jurisdiction. In fact, you are more likely to get hit by lightning than to get sick from imported or do-mestic catfish. Let’s not lose sight of what we are talking about. The FDA inspects hun-dreds of species of domestic and im-ported seafood. There is nothing par-ticularly dangerous about catfish that merits setting up a whole separate in-spection program under the U.S. De-partment of Agriculture. The fact is, the FDA is responsible for the safety of most—about 80 to 90 percent—of all U.S. domestic and imported foods, and it has years of successful expertise in the unique area of seafood safety. The FDA system has worked for both do-mestic and imported seafood, and it has done so for years. Let’s talk about how we got to this point. Before 2008, the Food and Drug Administration was responsible for in-specting all foreign and domestic fish products. The Department of Agri-culture inspected livestock, such as beef, pork, and poultry. However, a provision was added to the 2008 farm bill that transferred the inspection of catfish—not all imported seafood, just catfish—to the U.S. Department of Ag-riculture, requiring that agency to set up a new, separate program to inspect just catfish alone. Again, inspection of all other noncatfish seafood remains at the Food and Drug Administration, and it still does today. This means that seafood businesses across this country that handle catfish are now subject to two different sets of regulations from two completely separate Federal agen-cies. I have heard from businesses in New Hampshire and across the country that are being hit by these burdensome new regulations. They are affecting their ability to grow and create jobs. There is no scientific or food safety benefit gained from this new program. There is no evidence that transferring catfish inspection to the USDA will improve consumer safety. I appreciate that there have been a couple of examples given in the last few weeks of imported catfish. I think we ought to address that and do it very quickly, in the same way we address domestic problems with our food sys-tem and do it very quickly. Officials from the FDA and USDA have explicitly stated that catfish is a low-risk food. The USDA acknowledges in its own risk assessment that no one has gotten sick from eating domestic or foreign catfish for more than 20 years. The USDA catfish inspection program is a classic example of waste-ful and duplicative government regula-tion that is hurting our economy, and it is expensive. The FDA has been in-specting catfish up until now for less than $1 million a year. The USDA, by comparison, has spent more than $20 million to set up the program without inspecting a single catfish during that time. Going forward, estimates are that the program could cost as much as $15 million to operate per year. The Government Accountability Of-fice, GAO, has recommended elimi-nating this program 10 separate times. If there is no food safety benefit, costing millions and actively hurting jobs across the country, why was this program created in the first place? This program, as I said earlier, is a thinly disguised illegal trade barrier against foreign catfish. This kind of a barrier leaves us vulnerable on other American products, such as beef, soy, poultry, and grain, to a wide variety of objections from any WTO nation. Since there is no scientific basis for what we are doing, any WTO nation that cur-rently exports catfish to the United States could challenge it and secure WTO sanction trade retaliation against a wide range of U.S. exports, as I said, things like beef, soy, poultry, grain, fruit, and cotton, to name a few. Again, it is important to go back and note how this policy change was cre-ated. It was not included in either version of the 2008 farm bill that passed the House and Senate, and it was never voted on or debated in either Chamber before it was enacted. It was secretly included in the final version of the farm bill by the conference committee in 2008. The only other time the Senate has voted on this issue was in 2012, and we voted to repeal it in a strong bipar-tisan voice vote. The resolution we are talking about today has strong bipartisan support. A discharge petition was signed by 16 Democrats and 17 Republicans in order to initiate floor action and, most im-portantly, this resolution actually has the chance to become enacted into law. This is not a program this administra-tion ever wanted to have to implement. In fact, it delayed implementing a final program for 8 years, I think in hopes that we in Congress would finally be able to get a vote that repealed the program. Unfortunately, this is an ex-pensive and harmful special interest program—something some might call an earmark—and it is already having severe impacts on some businesses. I am hopeful that my colleagues will join me in supporting this important resolution to block the USDA catfish inspection program once and for all. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I strongly urge the Senate to reject S.J. Res. 28, which would overturn a catfish inspection rule that is working to pro-tect American consumers. In both the 2008 and 2014 farm bills, Congress directed the administration to transfer authority for catfish inspec-tion from the Food and Drug Adminis-tration to the U.S. Department of Agri-culture. We did so based on evidence that the FDA inspection regime then in place was inadequate. And we have been proven right. The FDA’s inspection regime was inad-equate. Over the course of 2 years, from 2014– 2015, the FDA caught a total of two shipments of foreign catfish containing known dangerous cancer-causing chemicals that are illegal in the United States—two shipments over 2 years. Under the catfish inspection rule, USDA has intercepted two shipments of foreign catfish containing illegal, cancer-causing chemicals in less than 2 weeks. If you do the math, USDA is inter-cepting harmful catfish at a rate near-ly 21 times greater than the rate at which FDA was before its inadequate program was closed down. USDA’s inspection program has al-ready proven to better safeguard con-sumer safety than FDA, which makes sense. After all, USDA is the most ex-perienced, well-equipped agency to en-sure farm-raised meat products, includ-ing catfish, are as safe as possible. The catfish rule is not costly. The Congressional Budget Office has said this resolution won’t save a dime. The catfish rule is not duplicative. The FDA ceased all catfish inspections on March 1 of this year. USDA is now the only agency charged with inspect-ing catfish. The catfish rule does not create a trade barrier. The rule applies equally to foreign and domestic producers. USDA has stated that the rule is com-pliant with the World Trade Organiza-tion’s equivalency standard. The catfish rule has already been proven to keep American consumers safe from illegal, cancer-causing chemicals. Adoption of this resolution would not change the law regarding catfish inspection. It would only call into question, and potentially halt, the ability of the U.S. Government to carry out these proven consumer safety protections. It is clear that the inspection rule is working as intended to protect U.S. consumers. Congress was right in twice mandating these inspections. I hope Senators will reject this reso-lution. Mrs. SHAHEEN. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.006 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3134 May 25, 2016 
The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time in a quorum call be charged equally to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. SHAHEEN. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, this morning we will be voting on a joint resolution of disapproval for the rule that establishes the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s catfish inspection pro-gram. As I mentioned yesterday, I would remind my colleagues that the General Accounting Office, a watchdog organization we rely on for their views, particularly on fiscal issues and mat-ters—and I think that of all the insti-tutions of government right now, prob-ably the GAO is arguably the most re-spected—GAO has warned in 10 dif-ferent reports between 2009 and 2016 that ‘‘the responsibility of inspecting catfish should not be assigned to the USDA,’’ calling the program ‘‘waste-ful’’ of tax dollars and ‘‘duplicative’’ of the FDA’s existing inspections on all other seafood products. That is an interesting item, I say to my colleagues. The FDA performs in-spections on every seafood product that comes into the United States of America. And guess what. There is only one, and that is catfish. Let’s be very blunt about the reality. The reality of this is to stop the com-petition from foreign sources—specifi-cally one of which is the country of Vietnam—from coming into this coun-try. It isn’t much more complicated than that when you see that there is only one. And by the way, that only one, according to the GAO, cost the taxpayers $19.9 million to develop and study the inspection program, and the GAO says it will cost the Federal Gov-ernment an additional $14 million an-nually to run the program. The GAO found that the Food and Drug Adminis-tration currently spends less than $700,000 annually to inspect catfish. So, according to my calculations, over $13 million a year will be saved by doing away with this duplicative inspection program. I noticed in the vote yesterday that a majority of my colleagues on this side of the aisle who call themselves fiscal conservatives, including the Chair, have said: Well, we want to keep this duplicative program. That is fine with me, if that is your view, but then don’t come to the floor and call yourself a fiscal conservative if you are willing to spend $14 million a year that is not needed and not wanted and is clearly duplicative and especially is ear-marked for a special interest—i.e., the catfish industry in Southern States. So vote however you want, but don’t come back to the floor when you see a dupli-cative or wasteful program and say you are all for saving the taxpayers’ dol-lars, because you are voting to spend $14 million of the taxpayers’ dollars on a duplicative and unnecessary pro-gram. Don’t wonder why only 12 percent of the American people approve of what we do. The reason is because we allow programs such as this, where parochial interests override what is clearly the national interest and the taxpayers’ in-terest. That is why the Center for Indi-vidual Freedom, the National Tax-payers Union, the Heritage Founda-tion, the Taxpayers for Protection Alli-ance, the Campaign for Liberty, the Independent Women’s Forum, the Na-tional Taxpayers Union, the Taxpayers for Common Sense, and on and on, are all totally in favor of this resolution. Every watchdog organization in this town and in this country favors this resolution. I also point out that one of the argu-ments my dear friend from Mississippi will raise again is that somehow, un-less we have this special office, this specific office for inspecting catfish, there will be a problem with the safety of the catfish that are imported into this country. In classic farm bill poli-tics, proponents worked up specious talking points about how Americans need a whole new government agency to inspect catfish imports. As a result, USDA has begun operating a program that will require foreign importers to adjust the catfish program over a pe-riod of 5 to 7 years while the USDA du-plicates the FDA’s inspection program. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time for the opponents has expired. Mr. M
CCAIN. All I can say is that the FDA has been doing this job for years and has intercepted banned compounds in foreign imported catfish, and I would point out that the USDA has en-countered problems in domestic catfish as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time for the opponents has expired. The Senator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, do I un-derstand that the proponents of this resolution have 4 minutes remaining? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I yield 1 minute of that time to my friend from New Hampshire who has sought rec-ognition and then reserve 3 minutes for myself. I am happy to yield to the Sen-ator from New Hampshire. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, first of all, we have 10 GAO reports that have found this to be duplicative and waste-ful. For some reason, there is a special office for catfish but no other fish spe-cies. The USDA normally inspects meat and poultry, not fish, so to waste taxpayer dollars this way lacks com-mon sense. I say to my friend from Mississippi, I know he made an argument on the Budget Committee, but the Budget Committee’s opinion basically says there is no direct spending. We all know that a lot of domestic spending is discretionary spending, and discre-tionary spending will continue on this program. The GAO has found that this costs an additional $14 million a year, this duplicative program. By the way, the $1.5 million that has been cited has not been confirmed by GAO. Colleagues, let’s not be bottom dwell-ers. Let’s get rid of duplicative and wasteful spending. We have 10 GAO re-ports stacked up. We can get rid of this duplicative program that inspects cat-fish, which is already inspected by the FDA. By the way, as Senator MCCAIN has said, the FDA has intercepted the toxins my colleagues and friends from Mississippi have cited as well as toxins found in domestic fish. They know how to do this, and we don’t need a special office for catfish. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. The Senator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I oppose the resolution. My friend from New Hampshire has said: Let’s inspect cat-fish like all other catfish. I would tell her and I would tell my colleagues that American-produced catfish is inspected by the USDA at a rate of 100 percent. If the resolution passes, that will not apply to foreign catfish. How does that make sense? How is that fair to Ameri-cans? How is that fair to American consumers when we have information that indicates clearly that there are different, less safe procedures overseas than we have in the United States? Yes, let’s treat all catfish the same. We inspect American catfish; let’s inspect foreign catfish. We can say this new program is ex-pensive, and I guess if we say it enough, it becomes true. But the fact is that the agency that is going to en-force this program, the USDA, says it is going to cost $1.1 million a year. It seems like a reasonable cost to prevent cancer-causing agents from coming in from overseas, goods that will be eaten by Americans. One could say that it is duplicative, and I guess if it is said enough, one might think it becomes true. But the fact is that the FDA is out of the in-spection business, according to law, and the USDA is in the business, and they can do it for $1 million a year. That is not a duplication. Saying it is expensive doesn’t make it true, and saying it is duplicative doesn’t make it true. The facts are ex-actly otherwise. This is about food safety. This is about preventing cancer-causing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.008 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3135 May 25, 2016 
agents from coming in and being con-sumed by Americans. Now is the time. This is the time to vote no, to protect American consumers from cancer-caus-ing agents. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 55, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 86 Leg.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Ayotte Bennet Blumenthal Booker Burr Cantwell Carper Casey Coats Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heller Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Risch Rubio Sasse Schumer Shaheen Sullivan Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Barrasso Blunt Boozman Boxer Brown Capito Cardin Cassidy Cochran Collins Cotton Donnelly Durbin Fischer Gillibrand Graham Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Leahy Manchin McConnell Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Portman Roberts Rounds Schatz Scott Sessions Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Sanders 
The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 28) was passed, as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 28 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Sec-retary of Agriculture relating to ‘‘Manda-tory Inspection of Fish of the Order Siluriformes and Products Derived From Such Fish’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 75590; December 2, 2015), and such rule shall have no force or ef-fect. f CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 469, S. 2943, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. John McCain, Thad Cochran, Lindsey Graham, Joni Ernst, James M. Inhofe, Tom Cotton, Kelly Ayotte, Richard Burr, Cory Gardner, Jeff Sessions, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Dan Sul-livan, Orrin G. Hatch, Tim Scott, John Cornyn, Mitch McConnell. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 98, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 87 Leg.] YEAS—98 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 98, the nays are 0. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion to pro-ceed. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 469, S. 2943, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, it is an honor to serve in the Senate. It is an honor to serve the people of Arkansas. I would never complain about the tasks we are given. There is one small burden I bear, though. As a junior Senator, I preside over the Senate—I usually do it in the mornings—which means I am forced to listen to the bitter, vulgar, incoherent ramblings of the minority leader. Nor-mally, like every other American, I ig-nore them. I can’t ignore them today, however. The minority leader came to the floor, grinding the Senate to a halt all week long, saying that we haven’t had time to read this Defense bill; that it was written in the dead of night. We just had a vote that passed 98 to 0. It could have passed unanimously 2 days ago. Let’s examine these claims that we haven’t had time to read it—98 to 0—and in committee, all the Demo-crats on the Armed Services Com-mittee voted in favor of it. When was the last time the minority leader read a bill? It was probably an electricity bill. What about the claims that it was written in the dark of night? It has been public for weeks. And this, com-ing from a man who drafted ObamaCare in his office and rammed it through this Senate at midnight on Christmas Eve on a straight party-line vote? To say that the Senator from Arizona wrote this in the dead of night, slipped in all kinds of provisions, that people don’t have time to read it, that is an outrageous slander. And to say he cares for the troops, how about this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.009 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3136 May 25, 2016 
troop and his son and his father and his grandfather—four generations of serv-ice, to include almost 6 years of rotting in a prisoner of war camp. To say he is delaying this because he cares for the troops, a man who never served him-self, a man who, in April of 2007, came to this very floor, before the surge had even reached its peak, and said the war was lost when over 100 Americans were being killed in Iraq every month, when I was carrying their dead bodies off an airplane at Dover Air Force Base—it is an outrage to say we had to delay this because he cares for the troops. We are delaying it for one reason and one rea-son only: to protect his own sad, sorry legacy. He now complains in the mornings that the Senate is not in session enough, that our calendar is too short. Whatever you think about that, the happy byproduct of fewer days in ses-sion in the Senate is that this institu-tion will be cursed less with his can-cerous leadership. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I believe that the other side of the aisle has been informed that, at noon, I will ask that we move forward with the bill. Mr. President, it is my understanding now that, most likely, the Democratic leader will object to moving forward with the defense authorization bill. That is deeply regrettable. That is, in fact, confounding to me; that even though there may be differences on the other side of the aisle, that we would not move forward, given the situation in the world today and the men and women who are serving in our military. I would remind my colleagues that this legislation was passed through the committee with a unanimous vote from the Democrats and under the leader-ship of my friend from Rhode Island, Senator R
EED, who has also served this Nation honorably in uniform, albeit, poorly educated. The fact is, we have a tradition the Senator from Rhode Is-land and I have been scrupulously ob-serving; that is, to work in a bipartisan fashion for the good of the country. I would mention a couple of things. One is the Democratic leader yesterday or the day before said they hadn’t had time to read the bill. The bill has been online since last Wednesday—last Wednesday, a week ago. Obviously, that seems to be sufficient time for most to be able to examine the bill. We have been on the floor explaining it. There have been press releases. There have been all kinds of examination of the legislation. As has been pointed out, we have had legislation when the Democratic leader was in the majority that we never saw until the time he demanded a vote, par-ticularly when they had 60 votes in order to override any objections that we might have—including, by the way, the passage of the now-disastrous ACA, or known to some of us as ObamaCare, which now we are seeing the cata-strophic consequences, including our citizens seeing dramatic increases in their premiums to the point where it is simply unaffordable, and there is more to come. The fact is, after 13 hearings with 52 witnesses, a unanimous vote on the other side, 3 in opposition on my side, we came up with a defense authoriza-tion bill. The defense authorization bill has reached the President’s desk and has been signed by the President for 53 years. In my view, there is no greater example over that 53-year period of the ability of both sides to work together for the good of the country. Here we have, just recently, what ap-pears to be—most evidence indicates— a terrorist act, the blowing up of an airliner. We have almost unprece-dented suicide attacks in the city of Baghdad, which have killed over 1,000 people in the last year. We have ISIS metastasizing throughout the region, including Libya, and now rearing its ugly head in Afghanistan. We have a situation of abuse of human rights that is almost unprecedented. We have a mi-grant refugee flow into Europe, which obviously it is well known that Mr. Baghdadi has instructed some of these young men and possibly young women to be prepared to commit acts of terror in European and American countries. Already, some of those plots have been foiled. The Director of National Intelligence has testified before our committee that the world is in more crises than at any time since the end of World War II; that there are more refugees in the world than at any time since the end of World War II; that America is in dan-ger of terrorist attacks. Whom do we rely on? We rely on the men and women who are serving in the military. That is why we passed, on a vote of 24 to 3 through the Senate Armed Services Committee—work on both sides in a cooperative and bipar-tisan fashion—the Defense authoriza-tion bill. You would think that all of those facts would argue for us to take up this bill immediately and debate and vote. That is what the Senate is supposed to do. That is what our Founding Fathers had in mind. So, again, the Democratic leader is going to object to us moving forward. Why in the world, with the world as it is today, with the challenges we face, with the men and women who are serv-ing our Nation in uniform with cour-age—one of whom is a citizen of my own State who was just killed—why are we blocking the ability of this Na-tion to defend, train, equip, and reward the men and women who are serving in the military? Why? Why won’t we move forward and debate? We have al-ways had lots of amendments, lots of debates, lots of votes, and we have done that every year in the years I have been here. The Democratic leader and I came to the Congress together, by my calcula-tion, almost 34 years ago. We have had a very cordial relationship from time to time, and we have strong and spir-ited differences. Those differences have been honest differences of opinion be-cause of the party and the philosophy he represents. But I must say to my friend from Nevada, I do not under-stand why we would not go ahead and take up this legislation and begin vot-ing. That is what we are supposed to do. That is what has happened for 53 years where we have debated, we have gone to conference, we have voted, and it has gone to the desk of the President of the United States. A couple of times it had been vetoed, and we had gone back, but the fact is, we have done our job. What greater obligation do we have than to defend this Nation? What greater obligation do we have than to help and do whatever we can to assist the brave Americans who are serving in uniform? What is our greater obliga-tion? I think it is clear to everyone what our obligation is. That obligation is to do our job and do our duty. The American people have a very low opinion of us—on both sides of the aisle. When they see that we are not even moving forward on legislation to protect, help, train, and equip the young men and women who have volun-teered to serve this Nation in uniform, no wonder they are cynical. No wonder. We have a piece of legislation that is literally a product of hundreds of hear-ings, literally thousands of hours of discussion and debate, of work together on a bipartisan basis, and we are not able to move forward with it and begin the amending process. I don’t get it. I say to the Democratic leader, I don’t get it. I do not understand why he doesn’t feel the same sense of obliga-tion that the rest of us do; that is, as rapidly as possible, for us to take care of the men and women who are serving, meet the challenges of our national se-curity that our larger—according to the Director of National Intelligence— than at any time since the end of World War II. That is what I do not get. Maybe the Democratic leader will illu-minate us on that issue, but I don’t see that there is any argument. When the Democratic leader and I meet the brave men and women who are serving in uniform—those who are at Nellis Air Force Base and in Yuma at Luke Air Force Base—and tell them that we wouldn’t move forward with legislation that was to protect and house and feed and train those men and women, I would be very interested in the response the Democratic leader might have to that. I urge my friend of many years—for the last 34 years—to allow us to move forward and begin debate on this very important issue. I know of no greater obligation we have than to address this issue of national security, which is em-bodied in the Defense Authorization Act. In all these 34 years, I have never objected to moving forward with this legislation. I have had disagreements. I have had strong problems with some of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.014 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3137 May 25, 2016 
the provisions. But I thought it was important to debate and vote. I urge my colleagues not to object. The bill has been available for people’s perusal for over a week now. Every-body knows the major points of the bill. So I hope the Democratic leader will not use that as a flimsy excuse be-cause it is not one. But most impor-tantly, I appeal to my colleague from Nevada to think of the men and women in uniform who are serving our country and to think of our obligation to act as best we can to protect them and help them carry out their responsibilities and their duties as they go into harm’s way. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that all postcloture time be yield-ed back and that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. 2943. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Is there objection? The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, every time I come to the floor when my friend is on the floor speaking, I need not tell everyone within the sound of my voice how much I admire him and the service he has rendered to our country, both as a naval pilot and as a Senator and as a Member of the House of Representa-tives. However, he has a job to do and I have a job to do. I, like most people in the Senate, have not served in the military. I ac-knowledge that. But I didn’t go to Can-ada. I did my best. I had civil obliga-tions during the time my friend was in Vietnam. Mr. M
CCAIN. If my colleague will yield, I believe you have served the State of Nevada and this Nation with honor. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I do believe we have a job to do. He does his job the best he can, and everyone knows how hard he works. But I also have obliga-tions to my caucus, to this body, and to the country. This is a very big, important bill. I have had the good fortune for all these years to work on it. It has been dif-ficult sometimes where we just barely made it. I can remember one year that Senator Levin, who was our man on de-fense, and Senator M
CCAIN—we were able to do the bill in 2 days. It was an emergency situation. But we have got-ten the bill done over all the years I have been here. We have gotten it done all the years I have been the leader. Here is the situation in which we find ourselves. This bill is almost 2,000 pages long. As he indicated, it could have been online from sometime Wednesday night, but the truth is that we didn’t get the final version of this bill until last night at 5 o’clock. The committee voted on the appendix to this bill last night. They completed it at 5 o’clock last night. An important part of the bill deals with the intel-ligence aspect of this bill, and a lot of people want to read that and the rest of the bill. I don’t think it is asking too much to allow Members to understand the bill, to have the opportunity—the Presiding Officer is a very studious man; maybe he will read every page of that bill. Most Senators will not, but they will make sure their staff reads every line. Why? Because they need to do that. This bill was marked up in closed ses-sion. It was marked up privately. There was no press there. It was done in closed rooms in the Russell Building. I believe that is where all the markups took place. The bill came to the floor. We have amendments we want to offer. We have a caucus tomorrow to talk about that. We have a number of Senators who are preparing amend-ments, and they want to discuss them with the rest of the Democrats prior to moving to this bill. We will be out for a week for the Me-morial Day recess. When we come back, it would seem to me it would be much more efficient and productive if we were ready on that Monday we come back to start legislating. We are not ready to do that yet. We are not ready. We are going to proceed very de-liberately in spite of all the castigations about me made on the Senate floor. I am going to ignore those because, to be quite honest with you, anytime we need to talk about any statements I have made at any time, I am happy to do it, but I think it would distract from what we are doing here today to go into the state-ments made by the junior Senator from Arkansas. But I do have to say this: I am not the reason we are having such short workdays in the Senate, even though that was alleged by my friend from Arkansas. If we are going to do our job, we are going to do it the best way we can be-cause it is important. I have said it here on the floor, and I won’t go into a lot more detail than what I am saying here, but in the room where we meet on a closed, confiden-tial basis, last Thursday I met with the Secretary of Defense. I have the good fortune every 3 weeks to be briefed on what is going on around the world by the military and by others who help us be safe and secure in this country. We talked about a number of things that we need not discuss here openly, but one thing we can talk about openly here is that the Secretary of Defense thinks it is really, really, really—un-derscore every ‘‘really’’ I said—to put in this bill what my friend from Ari-zona said he is going to do, and that is move $18 billion from warfighting—the overseas contingency fund—into reg-ular, everyday authorization matters that take away from the ability of this Pentagon to plan what they are going to be doing next year or the year after—this is something we—I—need to take a hard look at. I said earlier today that I appreciate very much the Republican leader re-sponding to a letter we wrote to him, saying that on these budgetary mat-ters, he would stick with the 2-year deal we made. I am glad. That is great. But my friend from Arizona wants to violate that deal, and I think that is wrong. We are going to take a hard look at that because we believe that a secure nation not only depends on the Pentagon—bombs and bullets—but it also depends on all the other agencies of government that help us maintain our security: the FBI, the Drug En-forcement Administration, all of the different responsibilities of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. Let’s understand that no one is try-ing to stall this legislation. If nothing happens on this bill in the next 24 hours, I think it will be a much better process to finish the bill when we come back. We will do it with our eyes wide open. No one will be able to say: I didn’t know that was in there. What I said—and I will say it with my friend on the floor—is there are a lot of little goodies in this bill. I think we need to take a look at those. My friend, of all people, who has worked hard during the entire time he has been in the Senate—he and I didn’t get much done in the House. When you are there for two terms, you don’t get much done. But in the Senate, he has gotten a lot done, focusing on what he believes is wasteful spending in the government. I disagreed with him on some of the examples he has pointed out—some of them have dealt with Ne-vada—but he has done that well. We have a responsibility and we have been trained pretty well by the senior Senator from Arizona to look at these bills, what is in them. I have been told by my staff that we better take a close look at some of the things that have been identified in this bill. I am not here in any way to not give my full support to the efforts made by JACK REED, the ranking Democrat on this committee. This bill is not J
OHN M
CCAIN’s bill. It is not J ACK REED’s bill. It is our bill. I want to make sure that this bill—our bill—comes out in a way that is good for the American peo-ple. My view of what is good for the American people may be different from others, but I think we have a responsi-bility to do everything we can to pro-ceed in a very orderly fashion. As soon as we get on this bill, I will do my very best to move it along just as quickly as possible. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. M
CCAIN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CUBAN REFUGEE BENEFITS  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I came to the floor a few weeks ago to bring to people’s attention an abuse that is oc-curring in our welfare system, and it involves Cuban immigration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.015 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3138 May 25, 2016 
Let me describe the situation we face today. If an immigrant comes to the United States from Cuba legally, enter-ing the United States from another country—let me rephrase that. If an immigrant legally enters the United States from any country in the world, except for Cuba or Haiti, they cannot immediately receive Federal benefits. If you are a legal immigrant and came to the United States from Venezuela, Mexico, or Japan—you did your paper-work and paid your fees—you do not qualify for any Federal benefits for the first 5 years you are in this country. However, there is an exception for peo-ple who come from Cuba. Under the Cuban Adjustment Act, anyone who comes from Cuba legally or illegally— if you cross the border and say ‘‘I am a Cuban’’—you are immediately accepted into the United States legally. I am not here today to talk about changing that status, even though there is a sig-nificant migratory crisis that is build-ing, and I do think that issue needs to be reexamined. Here is the exception to the law: If you come to the United States from Cuba, whether you entered across the border or entered on a visa, you are one of the only immigrants in America who immediately and automatically quali-fies for Federal benefits. You don’t have to prove you are a refugee or prove you are fleeing oppression. You don’t have to prove anything. You are automatically assumed to be a polit-ical refugee and given not just status in the United States but a series of public benefits. For decades this has been because U.S. law made the presumption that if you were leaving Cuba to come to the United States, you were obviously a refugee. I believe for a lot of people who are still coming that is true be-cause they are fleeing a horrible and oppressive regime and have had no-where else to go because in many cases they fear for their lives in Cuba. For some time now, there has been growing doubt about whether all of the people who are now coming from Cuba are, in fact, fleeing oppression. Or are they in-creasingly becoming more like an eco-nomic refugee? From what we see in South Florida with our own eyes and also because of the investigative reporting by the South Florida SunSentinel, we know there are growing abuses to this ben-efit. The reason is that many people who are coming from Cuba, supposedly as refugees seeking to flee oppression, are now traveling back to Cuba 15, 20, or 30 times a year. That raises an alarm right away. If you are entering the United States and immediately and automatically given status as refugees—in addition, you are being given access to a full portfolio of Federal benefits—because you are supposedly fleeing oppression, but then traveling back to Cuba 15, 20, or 30 times a year in many cases, it causes us to have a serious doubt about whether everyone who is coming here from Cuba should be considered a ref-ugee for purposes of benefits, but today they are. Even at this very moment, we are seeing a historic increase in the num-ber of people who are originally from Cuba crossing the Mexican-U.S. border. We have seen an increase in the num-ber of rafters. Last week there was a standoff between the Coast Guard and some Cuban migrants who went up to a lighthouse and wouldn’t come down be-cause they wanted to get the status under the wet-foot, dry-foot policy. I think we can debate that issue. I am not here today to propose changes to the status, but I do think we have to ask ourselves: What about the Federal benefits? What about the benefits they are collecting which are specifically and exclusively intended for refugees and refugees only? Obviously, if you are traveling back to Cuba over and over again, you are not a refugee and therefore should not be eligible for these benefits. The abuses we have now seen are ex-tensive. The stories of people who are actually living in Cuba—they are living in Cuba but collecting government ben-efits in America, and their family is wiring the money to them. There are people who are collecting an assort-ment of benefits from housing to cash, and that money is being sent to them while they live in Cuba for months and sometimes years at a time. It is an out-rage. It is an abuse. By the way, I am of Cuban descent and live in a commu-nity with a large number of Cuban ex-iles and migrants. Our own people in South Florida are saying that this is an outrage. They see this abuse. It is their taxpayer money, and they want something done about it. Today we learned from the Congres-sional Budget Office, which analyzes these issues in-depth and determines how much they actually cost tax-payers, that the long-term cost of this abuse over the course of the next 10 years will be approximately $2.5 billion to the American taxpayer. A signifi-cant percentage of that $2.5 billion is going to people who aren’t even living in the United States. We know from in-vestigations that the money often ends up back in Cuba. We have seen people abuse the system over and over again by having a relative in the United States who goes to the bank every month, takes a cut, and sends the rest of the money to them. That is your money that is being sent to them. The American people are a generous people, but right now those who abuse the system are taking American tax-payers for fools, and we need to stop it. That is why I am hopeful that today’s report from the Congressional Budget Office will give us renewed momentum to end this problem and reform the sys-tem. The way to do it is by passing a law I have introduced with Congress-man C
ARLOS CURBELO in the House that ends the automatic assumption in U.S. law that assumes all Cuban immi-grants are refugees. It says that in order to receive refugee benefits, they have to prove they are refugees or le-gitimately fearing for their lives if they were to return to Cuba. This is how the process works: If you cross the U.S.-Mexico border and you are from Cuba or arrive on a raft, you will get your status and will be legal in this country, but you will have to prove you are actually coming because you fear persecution before you auto-matically qualify for refugee benefits. In essence, all I am asking is that peo-ple prove they are political refugees be-fore they qualify for Federal benefits that are available only to political ref-ugees. Lest anyone think this is some sort of partisan trick, this is a bipartisan measure that my Democratic col-league, the senior Senator from Flor-ida, supports. It has over 50 bipartisan cosponsors in the House, including the chairman of the Democratic National Committee. I hope we can get this done, even if the best way to do it is on its own mer-its with a straight up-or-down vote or as an amendment included in a larger bill. With all the talk about paying for Zika virus funding, maybe this is one of the ways we can pay for some of that, but let’s get it done. Mr. President, $2.5 billion is still real taxpayer money, a significant percent-age of which is being misspent on a loophole that exists in the law that most people don’t even know is there. I truly hope we can address it. It makes all the sense in the world. Everyone is asking for it. There is no good-faith or reasonable reason to oppose it, and it is my hope we can address it before this Congress adjourns at the end of this year, or sooner if possible, and that we can put an end to these abuses once and for all. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I wish to add my voice to Chairman MCCAIN’s comments a little bit ago about mov-ing forward on the Defense authoriza-tion bill. I have the honor of serving with him and Senator R
EED, the rank-ing member of the Armed Services Committee. It is a huge honor, but as Senator M
CCAIN mentioned, we also have an enormous obligation and re-sponsibility. The biggest, most impor-tant thing we do here is probably our national defense. The chairman asked a really impor-tant and simple question: Why? Why are we not taking up the Defense au-thorization bill at this time? Why is the minority leader moving forward with a filibuster on this important bill that was voted out of committee al-most on a complete bipartisan basis? We have an enormous obligation to our troops and to the national defense of our country, and that is what this bill is all about. We can debate it, but we need to begin that debate. My colleague and friend from Arkan-sas was on the floor here a little bit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.017 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3139 May 25, 2016 
ago, expressing his frustration about why we are delaying this legislation. I share that frustration, and I share the chairman’s frustration. Why? Why are we filibustering? Why is the minority leader filibustering this important bill? I remind my colleagues on the floor that this is actually a pattern. If you remember, at this time last year the minority leader led a filibuster of the Defense appropriations bill. It funds the bill so we can support our troops who are, by the way, overseas in com-bat. Despite the fact that the President and others in the White House want to tell the American people they are not in combat, they are in combat. We all know it. We know it is a fiction. Last year the minority leader led a filibuster of the Defense authorization bill—spending for our troops—not once, not twice, but three times on the Sen-ate floor. This pattern of procedural delays clearly undermines our troops. There is no doubt about that. I want to add my voice to my col-league. I believe it is a bipartisan frus-tration, not just Republicans. Remem-ber, the NDAA came out of committee with huge bipartisan support. One of the most important things we do here is focus on our national de-fense, focus on having a strong mili-tary, and focus on taking care of our veterans. We should be bringing that bill to the floor, not delaying it any longer, and debating its merits and moving forward. I just don’t under-stand why we are not doing that right now. I certainly don’t think the Amer-ican people understand it. 
THE U .S. ECONOMY  
Mr. President, another important topic that we should be talking about on the Senate floor more often is the state of our economy. In my view, na-tional defense and economic oppor-tunity for Americans are the critical things we need to debate in the Senate. As I have been doing recently, I wanted to come down here and talk about the health of our economy and the importance of getting to a healthy economy because—make no mistake— we have a sick economy right now. We need to bring the U.S. economy, the greatest economic engine of growth the world has ever known, back to life. We need to bring opportunity once again to people who have lost economic hope. Let me be clear. Americans don’t eas-ily give up on hope. We are a country of hope, a country of dreams. Progress is in our DNA. We are always moving forward. But Americans are starting to lose hope because they are not seeing opportunity, they are not seeing progress, and they are not seeing a healthy economy. So what is going on? I would like to provide a quote from a recent article in the Atlantic Month-ly entitled: ‘‘The Secret Shame of the Middle Class.’’ I would recommend this article to my colleagues. The author is talking about Americans from all spec-trums who, because of the weak econ-omy and because of no economic oppor-tunity, are living paycheck to pay-check. Millions of Americans, as he de-scribes in this article, are living pay-check to paycheck. He says: It was happening to the soon-to-retire as well as the soon-to-begin. It was happening to college grads as well as high school drop-outs. It was happening all across the coun-try, including places where you might least expect to see such problems. I knew that I wouldn’t have $400 in an emergency. What I hadn’t known, couldn’t have conceived, was that so many other Americans wouldn’t have that kind of money available to them, ei-ther. My friend and local butcher, Brian, who is one of the only men I know who talks openly about his financial struggles, once told me, ‘‘if anyone says he’s sailing through, he’s lying.’’ 
Then the author goes on to make a very important statement. He says: ‘‘In the 1950s and ’60s, American economic growth democratized prosperity.’’ Ev-erybody had opportunity with strong economic growth. But, ‘‘in the 2010s,’’ he says, ‘‘we have managed to democ-ratize financial insecurity.’’ That is what is happening across the country. In my opinion, a big part of the problem—one that is playing out in our politics right now—is the fact that those who are hurting are not being heard. They see their lives. They know their lives. They know the challenges. Nearly half of Americans would have trouble finding $400 in a crisis, as this article lays out, and yet it doesn’t match up with what their leaders are telling them. Let me give you an example. In a re-cent speech, President Obama actually said: ‘‘We are better off today than we were just seven years ago.’’ He said that anybody who tells you differently ‘‘is not telling the truth.’’ That is the President. I guarantee you the President is not agreeing with this article. I hate to in-form the President, but even former President Bill Clinton recently had this to say about the Obama economy: ‘‘Millions and millions and millions . . . of people look at the pretty pic-ture of America [President Obama] painted, and they cannot find them-selves in it . . . ’’ That is former President Bill Clinton on the current State of the U.S. econ-omy. It is not hard to see why so many can’t find themselves in the picture that the President has painted of our current economy. During nearly 8 years of the Obama administration, the number of Americans participating in the labor force shrank to its lowest level since 1978. What does that mean? It means Americans have just quit looking for jobs. In the last 8 years, more Americans have fallen into pov-erty, family paychecks have declined, and the number of people on food stamps has skyrocketed by 40 percent— all during the last 8 years. The percent-age of Americans who own homes, the marker of the American dream—home-ownership—is down by over 5 percent. Let me give you another number that, although many Americans aren’t familiar with, impacts them deeply. A few weeks ago it was announced by the Commerce Department that the econ-omy essentially stopped growing. Last quarter we grew at 0.5 percent of GDP, or gross domestic product. That is an indicator of progress, an indicator of the health of our economy, of our coun-try, of opportunity. It was stagnant. It didn’t grow. Let me put this in perspective. In the past 200 years, American real GDP growth through Democratic or Repub-lican Presidents—it doesn’t matter; we have had ups and downs—has been about 4 percent, or 3.7 percent. This is what has made our country great. This is what has fueled the engine of the middle class of America. Under this ad-ministration, the average has been an anemic 1.5 percent of GDP growth. We have never had even one quarter of 3 percent of GDP growth. Now the ad-ministration doesn’t talk about that. In fact, very few do. We need to talk about it more on the Senate floor. But the American people feel it. This article describes it. They see it again and again when one of their neighbors or loved ones loses a job, when they see their paychecks stag-nant for 8 years, when they see another small business in their community closing, or when they start wondering how they are going to put their chil-dren through college. They see it in the long road ahead of them that shows no promise of a brighter future because of the lack of economic opportunity. They see it, and, as this article de-scribes, they feel the stinging shame. The bottom line is that we have had a lost decade of economic growth and opportunity in the last 10 years. We need to get serious about this problem. We need to focus on this problem al-most above any other issue. My colleagues a lot of times come down here and talk about a moral im-perative. This is a moral imperative— to create a healthy economy for the en-tire country—but we are not doing that. Now, what are the solutions? Well, we ask the experts: How do you grow the economy? How can we create arti-cles that talk about opportunity and not the shame of the middle class? One idea certainly is that we have to re-form a Federal Government that tries to overregulate every aspect of our economy, especially the small busi-nesses. When asking the experts or politicians, they all agree. A number of us had an opportunity to talk to former Chairman of the Fed Alan Greenspan yesterday. This clearly is one of the issues where he thinks we need to ignite traditional levels of eco-nomic growth—regulatory reform. Again, Bill Clinton, in a Newsweek cover article in 2011 said that the No. 1 thing we need to do is to move forward on regulatory reform to get projects moving, to build this country again. Even President Obama, in his State of the Union Address this year, said we have to cut redtape and we have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.018 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3140 May 25, 2016 
lessen the regulatory burden on Ameri-cans. So there seems to be widespread agreement, but it is all talk. When we actually try to act, when we actually try to do just minimal re-forms to this explosion in the growth of Federal rules and regulations over the last several decades—when we try to do just a little of this—we are stopped, stymied, and caught up in pol-itics. Let me give you just two recent ex-amples. I introduced a bill called the RED Tape Act, a very simple bill de-bated on the Senate floor that essen-tially would put a cap on Federal regu-lations—a ‘‘one in, one out’’ rule. If a Federal agency is putting more regs on the U.S. economy, then we have to look at our big portfolio of regulations and sunset the equivalent economic burden in terms of regs. It is a very simple idea. It is a 4-page bill. The UK is doing this, Canada is doing this, and it is working. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle certainly thought it was a good idea, but when we brought it to the floor—the simple idea that would help our economy—there was a party-line vote. It goes down. Just last week, as we were debating the Transportation appropriations bill, we wanted to move on another simple reg idea. The idea is simple. If there is a bridge in a neighborhood and it is structurally deficient—and by the way, the United States has 61,000 struc-turally deficient bridges—and the bridge is not going to be expanded but is just going to receive maintenance or be reconstructed, the permit can be ex-pedited so that it doesn’t take 5 years to build or reconstruct the bridge. Again, it was a very simple amendment that used common sense on regs. We were told: No, the other side viewed it as a poison pill. We even heard that the White House was thinking about threatening to veto the bill if that amendment was attached to it. These are simple, commonsense ideas that the American people fully support to keep them safe and to grow our econ-omy. We need to grow our economy. We need to take action on the Senate floor to help grow our economy. We need to bring this sick economy back to health, but we are not doing it right now. Instead, we see articles such as the one I just mentioned about middle- class Americans living paycheck to paycheck because they don’t have op-portunity. What we need to do, in addition to fo-cusing on the defense of our Nation and taking care of our troops, is to get this anemic economy—this lost decade of economic growth that we have seen over the last 10 years—roaring again, to provide opportunity and hope for Americans. That is what we should be focused on. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to speak on S. 2943, which is the National Defense Author-ization Act that we recently invoked cloture on the motion to proceed. I guess we are going to be on this bill, and I am glad we are. In particular, I want to address section 578 of this act. Section 578 is designed to protect our servicemembers’ children when they are in school—specifically, to protect them from convicted pedophiles and other dangerous felons who try to infil-trate our Nation’s schools, when they can, to find more victims. This is a cause I have been working on for at least 2
1⁄2years in the Senate. We have a serious problem. We have made some progress, but we have a long way to go. For me, this effort to address this began with a terrible story of a child named Jeremy Bell. The story begins in my home State of Pennsylvania, in Delaware County, PA. A schoolteacher had molested several boys and had raped one of them. Offi-cials at the school figured out that something was going wrong, prosecu-tors were brought in, but they never felt they had enough evidence to press charges to bring a case. The school de-cided they would dismiss this teacher. They didn’t want him around anymore, but, shockingly and appallingly, they decided that to facilitate his departure from the school, they would help him get a job in another school. They would actually recommend him for hire some-where else. Well, he did get a job in an-other school, in West Virginia, in part, with the help of the letter of rec-ommendation he got from the Dela-ware County School District. That teacher went on to become a school principal, and of course he con-tinued his appalling victimization of children. It ended when he raped and murdered a 12-year-old boy named Jer-emy Bell. Justice eventually caught up with that monster who had gone from Penn-sylvania to West Virginia. He is now in jail, where I hope he will remain for the rest of his life, but for Jeremy Bell, of course, that justice came too late. Sadly, Jeremy Bell is not alone. Year after year, we see staggering and heart-breaking numbers. In 2014, at least 459 teachers and other professional school workers across the country were ar-rested for sexual misconduct with the kids they are supposed to be taking care of. That is more than one per day. In 2015, the number went up. It got worse—it was 496 arrests—again, schoolteachers and school personnel who have unsupervised contact with these children, and so far 2016 is not doing any better. We have had 185 ar-rests in just 144 days. One way to look at this is, just since I got engaged in this battle 21⁄2years ago, we have had at least 1,140 school employees arrested for sexual mis-conduct with the children in their care. Of course, these are just the ones who have been caught. These are the ones we know about. These are the ones where there is enough information and evidence that the law enforcement folks were comfortable in making an arrest. How many more? How much is this going on? Of course, every one of these stories is a terrible tragedy for the victims. Like the child whose sexual abuse began at age 10 and only ended when, at 17, she found she was pregnant with the teacher’s child or the teacher’s aide who raped a young mentally disabled boy who was in his care. These are hard things to talk about but think about how infinitely harder it is for the vic-tims who suffer through this, and the examples go on and on. This has to stop. We have to be doing everything we can to try to prevent this and to protect the kids who are in our country’s schools. This is why, in 2013, I introduced a bill that was meant to do exactly that. It was called the Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act. It is a bipar-tisan bill, and it included fundamen-tally two protections. The first was a ban on this terrible practice that led to the murder of Jer-emy Bell. It holds that a school would have to be forbidden from knowingly recommending for hire someone who was a known child molester. It seems so appalling. How could this happen? But the Jeremy Bell case is not the only case. In fact, this phenomenon by which schools try to get rid of their monsters by making him someone else’s problem is so widely recognized that schools will facilitate that person getting a job somewhere else. This phe-nomenon has its own name. It is called passing the trash. People who are advo-cates for crime victims, people who help children cope with the horrendous experience they have been through, know this very well. They know this phenomenon because they have seen it all too often. That is the first piece of my legislation from 2013, make it ille-gal to knowingly pass the trash. The second piece is to require a thor-ough background check—a thorough criminal background check whenever someone is being hired who will have unsupervised contact with children in the school. That means teachers, but it also means coaches, it means the schoolbus driver, it means contractors, if the contractor will have that kind of access to the children. Last December we had an important victory on this because the first pro-tection, the prohibition against know-ingly passing the trash, passed the Sen-ate. It was a battle. There were people here who fought this very aggressively, but eventually I was able to get a vote on the Senate floor and it passed over-whelmingly. It was then included in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.020 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3141 May 25, 2016 
the text of the Every Student Succeeds Act. That legislation has since been signed into law. So it is now the law of the land that it is forbidden to know-ingly recommend these pedophiles for hire. As I said, that was only the first part of our legislation. The success we had back in December was only a first step. We were not able to succeed with the tougher, more comprehensive back-ground checks we need. So I said at the time: I am not finished. We are going to continue this fight—and we are. That is why I am here today—be-cause the legislation we are about to take up, the National Defense Author-ization Act, takes us another impor-tant step forward, which helps in this effort to have more comprehensive background checks. I have a personal interest in this. I have three young children—a 15-year- old, a 14-year-old, and a 6-year-old—and I represent 12.8 million Pennsylva-nians. The vast majority of the people I represent have the same view I do, which is: When we put our kids on a bus in the morning to go to school, we have every right to believe we are send-ing our child to the safest possible en-vironment. So that is what this is about. What this legislation does in the De-fense authorization bill is it incor-porates a bill I introduced earlier this year. That bill is called the protecting our servicemembers’ children act. The national defense authorization bill takes my bill, this protecting our serv-icemembers’ children act, and incor-porates it. It builds it in. It covers DOD, Defense Department-operated schools in the United States, of which there are many, but it also covers schools in school districts that receive Federal impact aid because children of our military folks attend those schools. So that is one of the ways we cover some of the cost of educating the children of our men and women in uni-form. We do it by providing this impact aid to the school districts to which they send their kids. What my legislation does and what the NDAA therefore does is it requires these schools to conduct the same kind of background check that the DOD re-quires of its own schools, which is ex-actly the right thing to do. It also pro-vides that if a person has been con-victed of certain serious crimes—which includes violent or sexual crimes against a child—then that criminal may not be employed in a position that gives him unsupervised access to chil-dren. It is as simple as that. This will cover schools that serve about 17 percent of our schoolchildren, roughly 8.5 million kids. I think this is just common sense. A background check for school workers is simply common sense. All States, all school districts do this to some degree. The problem is, not everyone does it to an adequate degree. It should not be pos-sible for a person who has been con-victed of child rape to walk out of pris-on, walk down the street, and get a job in an elementary school. That should be absolutely impossible. I am not suggesting that a convict shouldn’t be able to get any job, but I absolutely am suggesting that he should not be able to get a job in which he has unsupervised contact with chil-dren. To me, that is a no-brainer. This feature—my bill, this legisla-tion—does not impose any new burdens on the Department of Defense. The DOD regulation already requires this thorough background check on all DOD-operated schools. But what we do is reaffirm that so that no future ad-ministration could water that down by Executive order or some other way. Also, I suggest that there is an im-portant reason why it is absolutely es-sential that we provide this protection to the members of our military; that is, the men and women who put on the uniform of this country don’t always have a say in where they are going to be stationed. They don’t necessarily get to decide which base and which State they are going to work and, therefore, which school their children will attend. So when they get moved to another State, over which they have no say, they certainly have no say in the background check policy of that school or that school district or that State. The least we can do for these men and women who take enormous personal risks and make huge sacrifices to pro-tect us is to protect their kids when their kids are going to school. I should salute the efforts of State Senator Tony Williams from Pennsyl-vania because the children in Pennsyl-vania are protected by a very rigorous background check system, thanks largely to Senator Williams’ insistence that we do this and his advocacy for legislation that gets that done. When Pennsylvania servicemembers are stationed in another State, they still deserve the same level of protec-tion that they get in Pennsylvania. But Tony Williams’ bill that is now the law of the land in Pennsylvania does not apply beyond the borders of Pennsyl-vania, and that is why we need this leg-islation—to make sure that all the men and women who wear the uniform of this country can know that their chil-dren will have this protection. The least we can do for the people who are ensuring the safety and security of all of us in our country is to make sure their children are safe from convicted pedophiles and other dangerous felons who attempt to infiltrate the schools. Let me also thank someone else. I want to thank the chairman. Senator M
CCAINhas been an ally of mine in this ongoing battle to keep our kids safer for years now. His leadership has been outstanding. It is because of his com-mitment to the safety and security of our kids that my legislation is in the National Defense Authorization Act, the legislation that we are considering today. Senator M
CCAINwas a cosponsor of my first bill to protect kids in the classroom. His support was essential in the victory we had last year when we were able to prohibit passing the trash. It is absolutely the case that without his steadfast support, we would not have this provision in this legislation today. So I am very grateful to Senator MCCAINfor his leadership on this, and I am proud to be standing with him on this important issue. Let me close with this. It is past time to act; it is past time to do some-thing about this. In the 2
1⁄2years since I have been trying to make sure that we stop permitting schools to pass the trash, in the 2
1⁄2years since I have been trying to get the most rigorous stand-ards for doing background checks—dur-ing that time alone—there have been over 1,100 school employees arrested. Those are the ones we know about. How much bigger does this number have to get? How much longer do we have to wait? More importantly, how many kids have to be brutalized? How many kids have to have their childhood shattered before we are going to im-pose the toughest possible regimen to protect these kids? I have seen way more than enough. The families who have been torn apart by this dev-astating crime have seen way too much. I urge my colleagues today to get this done. Let’s take a big step forward in providing a significant additional level of security and protection for the children of the men and women who sacrifice so much to protect all of us. I yield the floor. Mr. BOOZMAN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
COTT). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to use a visual aid during my speech. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GENETICALLY MODIFIED FOOD LABELING  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the most important three words in our Constitution are the first three words: ‘‘We the People.’’ When our Founders were crafting our Constitution, they put those words in oversized print so that hundreds of years later Members of Congress—the House and Senate— and citizens across this Nation would remember that this is what our Con-stitution is all about—‘‘We the Peo-ple.’’ It is not ‘‘we the powerful’’ or ‘‘we the privileged.’’ It is ‘‘We the Peo-ple.’’ President Jefferson said that we can only claim to be a republic to the de-gree that the decisions of our govern-ment reflect the will of the people. He went on to say that the only way our government will make decisions which reflect the will of the people is if the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.021 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3142 May 25, 2016 
people have an equal voice. An example of that was the town square, where each individual could stand up and make their position known before a vote was held on whom they were going to elect, and so on and so forth. The challenge today is that the town square is the television, radio, and Web. Unfortunately, those are not free, the way the town square was in Jeffer-son’s day, and that means that the role of money can change everything. Unfortunately, we have had a couple of Supreme Court decisions that do not do due accord to the very heart of our Constitution because they have essen-tially said that even though the com-mons, or town square, is for sale, we are going to allow the few people and corporations with billions of dollars to buy up the town square and use the equivalent of a megaphone sound sys-tem to drown out the voice of the peo-ple. That is the opposite of what ‘‘We the People’’ is all about, and that is the opposite of what our Constitution is all about. Periodically, I have come to the floor to talk about a variety of issues that are relevant to the Jefferson vision— that we can only be a republic to the degree that our decisions reflect the will of the people. The issue I will talk about today—and this is an issue that Democrats, Republicans, and Independ-ents overwhelmingly support—is about whether or not their food has been ge-netically modified, and if so, should those ingredients be listed on the pack-age. I am raising this issue today because on July 1 of this year, Vermont will have a new law which will require la-beling on the packages of food that have genetically modified ingredients, and that has led to a conversation here in this Chamber about whether we at the Federal level should allow that to happen. Should we allow Vermont to make this requirement? There are a lot of food producers who say: We really don’t want the people to know about the details of their food. Well, I think Americans across this country dis-agree. As I mentioned, the overwhelming majority support the right to know. The argument has been made that we can’t allow State after State or county after county to have conflicting stand-ards about what we list on food labels because that would be impossible for interstate commerce, and that is a fair point. How can a food manufacturer be expected to accommodate a multitude of different labeling requirements from county to county, city to city, or State to State? That is a fair case if there is a risk of multiple standards. There is no risk of that at this moment because only one State has passed a standard which will be going into effect in a cou-ple of months. Just as we have seen with other policies across this Nation, to something that one State tries, an-other State might say: Yes, let’s do that but in a slightly different way. So there is a legitimate concern about conflicting standards. Again, it is not an immediate concern or something to cause this Chamber to act today. But if indeed other jurisdictions say they would like to have the same type of in-formation available to their citizens, who also overwhelmingly want that in-formation, then there is a potential for that and a legitimate cause for us to discuss it here. Here is the thing. If you are going to take away the ability of cities, coun-ties, and States to respond to the citi-zens’ desire to know about whether there are GMOs, or genetically modi-fied ingredients, in their food, then you have to replace it with a national standard that answers that question. If you fail to do so, you are simply deny-ing the rights of citizens across the country to know what is in their food, and that is just wrong. There is a name for the bill for deny-ing Americans the right to know, and it is called the DARK Act, or Deny Americans the Right to Know Act. It is appropriate that it be called the DARK Act because it is all about keeping con-sumers in the dark about something they would like to know. There are many people here who say: Well, we know better than consumers. They want to know, but we don’t want them to know because there is no reason they should know because why would they have any concern if they knew all the facts? Is that our decision to make? We decided to label food and let peo-ple know whether there is salt in it. Some people want it, some people don’t. We decided to put calories on the package. Some people want more cal-ories, and some want less, but they have the right to know. Some people want preservatives to make it taste better and some don’t, and so on and so forth. It is simply the consumer’s right to know and make choices accordingly. This conversation is not about whether GMO food is safe to eat. Per-son after person has come to this floor and said it is safe to eat, there is no proven impact on citizens, and so therefore it is legitimate to strip citi-zens from the right to know. There are lots of ingredients we put on packages that have no carcinogenic effects, but citizens want the full list, and that is what we provided them. Some want to know the individual pieces of that story. Let’s turn back to this question about the fact that GMOs themselves— genetically modified plants—are not substantially in one camp or another, wonderful or terrible. There are all kinds of genetic modifications that have taken place. For example, this chart shows golden rice. Golden rice has been modified to have vitamin A. In parts of the world where there is vi-tamin A deficiency, this has been very beneficial. Let’s turn to carrots. Some carrots have been modified to treat for a genetic disorder called Gaucher’s dis-ease, a metabolic disorder where people lack a specific enzyme which helps rid the body of fatty substances that then accumulates causing enlarged livers and spleens and bone damage, bruising, and anemia. So people are very happy we have a way to address that. Researchers have been developing sweet potatoes that withstand multiple viral infections commonly encountered in Southern Africa. That enables sweet potatoes to be grown and be part of the subsistence and is a substantial source of food in that region. There are also genetic modifications that cause con-cerns. Most genetically modified crops grown in the United States have been altered to confer resistance to a chem-ical herbicide known as glyphosate. Glyphosate is a weed killer, and essen-tially as the application of glyphosate has gone up dramatically from 1994 to the current time—we can see the huge increase in the application of this weed killer on this chart—we have had a cor-responding general depletion of the monarch butterfly in those regions where glyphosate is used. That is a concern. Monarchs have been crashing, and that is a concern to folks. Look at and think about the runoff. If you put billions of gallons of weed killer on crops, and there are billions of gallons running into the waterways, it has an impact on the waterways. It changes the makeup of the waterways because of the weed killer killing var-ious organisms within the streams. Herbicides in our waterways can have a negative impact on fish, mussels, am-phibians, and microorganisms. There is also a challenge in which plants evolve in response to the appli-cations of glyphosate. We can end up with what are called superweeds, which are weeds that have been in the pres-ence of the herbicide so often that the natural mutations occurring cause the weeds to evolve and they become superweeds. We had the same problem with these corn-destroying rootworms. They have been evolving to be resist-ant to the pesticide that is placed into the plant cell by genetic modification. In short, there are competing consid-erations to balance, some benefits and some concerns. Some people have reached the conclusion that they are very comfortable consuming geneti-cally modified foods, and other individ-uals can reach a different equally jus-tifiable conclusion that they have con-cerns and want to know more about the specific types of modification. The way they find out is, they get an alert on the package to show there are GMO in-gredients and they can go to the Web site and look at the herbicide involved. That is why labeling matters. It is an alert to the citizens so they can gain more information and decide if they are comfortable or uncomfortable. What we have seen are companies that are starting to say, because we value the relationship with our cus-tomers, because our company believes in having high integrity in that rela-tionship, we do not want to be part of the DARK movement—the ‘‘deny Americans the right to know’’ move-ment. We want to be part of the move-ment that says if our consumers want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.023 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3143 May 25, 2016 
to know, we are going to give them that information. There are a variety of companies that have announced they are going to provide that information on their foods. One of them is the Mars com-pany. Here I have a package of M&Ms, and right on the package they are now disclosing. They have a phrase. I know it would be impossible to read this so we have enlarged this a bit and repro-duced it. It says ‘‘partially produced with genetic engineering.’’ So they give a heads-up on every package of M&Ms across the country. They give a heads-up to consumers, and if they want to know more about the details, they can contact Mars to find out about the details. That is integrity. That is honoring citizens who have a desire to know what is in their food. We have all grown up seeing the won-derful pictures of Campbell’s soups in advertisements and the warm hearty meal of tomato soup. I know when I was sick as a child I always looked for-ward to that Campbell’s tomato soup. Campbell’s has said: We want to honor the integrity of the relationship with our consumer. We are not going to be part of the ‘‘deny Americans the right to know’’ movement. We are not going to be on the side of the DARK, and we are going to be on the side of informa-tion that citizens desire to have. They are putting labels on their products, and a number of companies are fol-lowing suit in honor of protecting the consumer’s right to know. That is certainly commendable, and I commend the companies that do not feel like they are trying to mislead or hide from their consumers, but in fact support the integrity of the relation-ship with the folks who buy their prod-ucts. Some of the companies that have done this are ConAgra, General Mills, Kellogg’s, and, as I mentioned, Mars. They have already begun to label their products in anticipation of Vermont’s July 1 requirement. Vermont has a 6-month grace pe-riod—so, again, it is not just around the corner—but the beginning period companies are asked to meet is July 1. Because companies are now putting it on their labels, they are discovering there is nothing scary to consumers about it. Just like anything else on the ingredients list on labels of packages, it is information that different con-sumers can evaluate when it matters to their life. There is a group of Senators who have said they do want to be part of the DARK Act, deny Americans the right to know. So we will have a vol-untary labeling plan nationally. We will take away State’s rights to put in-formation on the package and replace it with a voluntary request for compa-nies to disclose. That is no justifica-tion for taking away the ability of States to require what consumers want, which is not a voluntary disclo-sure, it is a required disclosure. If a State wants to do that, they should be honored. If we take away that right, we need to do a replacement at the na-tional level. As a part of this movement, this Deny Americans the Right to Know Act, they say: You know what. We are willing to suggest that companies put a barcode on their product and con-sumers can scan that code or they can put a quick response computer code, which is a square code with all the lit-tle squares on it—something like what you have on an airline ticket. They suggest that we put this quick response code on it, and if somebody wants to know what is in our product, they can scan it with their smartphone and look it up on a Web site. That is not a con-sumer-friendly label. That is a scam. Not all consumers have a smartphone. Not all consumers have a digital plan that allows them to scan something in that fashion. They don’t all have a phone with a camera. We are asking them to have to spend money out of their phone plan in order to look up information that should have just been on the package in the first place. That is a tax. That is a DARK Act tax on American consumers. Some of my colleagues who talk about not putting taxes on individuals just voted for that DARK tax a few weeks ago. I hope they reconsider that type of imposition on the moms and dads and brothers and sisters through-out America. No one going down the aisle to shop is going to sit there and compare four different soups by taking pictures of four different soups and going to four different Web sites to look up that information. Plus, con-sumers are also disclosing information about themselves when they go to those Web sites. That is an invasion of privacy on top of the DARK tax that my colleagues want to impose on American consumers. It is wrong on multiple levels. Some of my colleagues say: Let’s put an 800 number on the label, with no ex-planation of why it is there. Well, you can take most products in America and you can probably find an 800 number somewhere on that package with some corporate information line, but when you put an 800 number on with no ex-planation of why it is there, that is not consumer information. That is like taking an ingredients list on the pack-age and replacing it with an 800 num-ber. Call this and we will read you a list of ingredients on the phone. It is absurd, it is ridiculous, and it is offen-sive to try to say that type of scam is a replacement for consumer-friendly information right on the package. Do you want to know how to deter-mine whether you are being true to the desire of consumers to have a con-sumer-friendly label? Well, I will tell you. It is called the 1-second test. We have a product on the shelf. We pick it up, turn it over, and look—1 second. I see the answer that there are or are not genetically modified ingredients in this package. That is the 1-second test. That is a fair replacement for State standards. It can be done in a variety of ways. There can be a symbol on the package. I suggest that the FDA or USDA can choose a symbol. Brazil chooses to have a key for transgenic in a triangle. We can do that. We can put a ‘‘B’’ on it for biotechnology. We can put a ‘‘G’’ or ‘‘GM’’ for genetically modified. There are all sorts of options that would be a simple way for consumers to see what is there. We can put a phrase such as Mars has done on their candy or we can put an asterisk on the ingredients that have been modified with a phrase below to explain the asterisk. All of those are possible, but an unlabeled phone num-ber, an unlabeled barcode or quick re-sponse code—because it is a deliberate effort to pretend you are solving some-thing when you are not, that is a shameful scam, and it should never pass scrutiny on the floor of the Sen-ate. I said earlier that citizens across this country want a consumer-friendly label. We can look to a survey that was done. This is a 2016 likely election vot-ers survey that was done in November of 2015, and it shows that 89 percent of Americans said they would like to have the information on the label. They say they favor labels on foods that have been genetically engineered or contain genetically engineered ingredients. So it is basically 9 out of 10 who not only favored but strongly favored such la-beling. To put it simply, 9 out of 10 Americans want the information on the label, and rounding off, 8 out of 10 feel very strongly about this. Here is something that is interesting. We are often divided by party here. The Republicans are sitting on the right side, the Democrats are on the left side. There is partisan division—maybe Independents have a view in the mid-dle. On this issue, Democrats believe, 9 out of 10, rounding off, that we should have these labels. Republicans believe, 9 out of 10, that we should have these labels. Wouldn’t it be ironic if the one thing Americans can agree on—wheth-er they are east coast or west coast or North or South or Democrat or Repub-lican or Independent—the one issue they can all agree on, this body decides to do the opposite and take away that ability. That certainly counters the fundamental principle that Jefferson put forward of the ‘‘we the people’’ de-mocracy. We can only claim to be a re-public to the degree that what we do reflects the will of the people. So we should think about that a lot because there is a lot of conversation about folks who want to spring a sur-prise on the American people. They want to come down here to the floor on some bill in the near future, with some amendment or some motion or some reconsideration, and spring a surprise and drive the DARK Act through with little public notice. Why is that? Be-cause they are afraid of the opinions of the American people. They want to hide their decision in a short period of time with no ability for the American people to be filled in on the fact that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.024 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3144 May 25, 2016 
they are attempting to pass legislation that overturns what 90 percent or 9 out of 10 Americans want. So we need to be aware of this. I encourage my colleagues: Do not be part of this ‘‘deny Americans the right to know’’ movement—this movement that is opposed by 9 out of 10 Ameri-cans in the Democratic camp, in the Republican camp, in the Independent camp, in every geography of America. Don’t be part of going so profoundly, so fundamentally, so overwhelmingly against the will of the American peo-ple. We put a lot of things on packages because the American people ask for that information. If you buy in a gro-cery store of any size, they are re-quired to put whether fish is farm raised or wild. Why do we require that? It is not because being farm raised is going to kill people; it is because citi-zens have a desire to know and to vote with their food dollar—vote with their food dollar for something they believe to be important. It may have to do with the taste of the product. It may have to do with the difference in anti-biotics that are used in farmed versus wild. It may have to do with their de-sire to envision that food when it was swimming the broad, beautiful Pacific Ocean, the incredible salmon of the Pa-cific Ocean and the salmon of the At-lantic Ocean. But the point is, it is their right to know. Nothing much is as important to us as what we put into our bodies. People fundamentally feel they should be able to have full information. We, indeed, provide information on whether juice is reconstituted from concentrate or is fresh, not because it will cause you to get sick, not because it is unhealthy to consume, but be-cause consumers desire to know and they want to exercise their food dollars appropriately. Some people say: I real-ly would like to have the stuff the way it was squeezed out of the fruit rather than frozen and condensed and recon-stituted. So we provide that informa-tion because of that citizen desire. Should we not honor our citizens in this issue as well? Isn’t it wrong for a group of Senators to plot to come to this floor and to put forward an amend-ment or put forward a reconsideration or put forward a bill on short notice so that the American people have little chance to weigh in? Personally, I think it is very wrong. That is why I am speaking today. It is not as if this question of putting labels on food is something new or dif-ferent; it is being done all around the world. Sixty-four countries, including 28 members of the European Union and Japan and Australia, already require mandatory GMO labeling. We can add Brazil to that list. We can add China to that list. China has no democratic forum in which to respond to the will of the peo-ple. The decisions are top down. Yet the leadership of China has said: Our consumers care enough about this that we are going to disclose that informa-tion. Isn’t it profoundly ironic that here in the United States of America, where citizens have a voice, a group of Senators are trying to suppress that voice, are trying to implement and deny Americans the right to know, when the leaders of China have decided this is information consumers deserve? Let me return to where I started—the vision of a ‘‘we the people’’ democracy. We have gone far afield from that. The role of money in politics has put us in a very different position because that money weighs in, and it corrupts the fundamental nature of our legislative process. That is why we are having this debate over denying Americans the right to know when 9 out of 10 want that information—because of the cor-rupting power of massive concentra-tions of campaign cash in our system. So let’s do something we should do all the time: Set aside the campaign. Set aside the desire to raise money. Set aside those issues and ask yourself, aren’t we here to help pursue the will of the people? In this case, in our ‘‘we the people’’ democracy, shouldn’t we give our citizens the same right to know—a right they overwhelmingly ex-pect and demand—as 64 other countries in the world? I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TULSA RACE RIOT ANNIVERSARY  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I would like to ask this body for just a moment to remember something that there are probably many people who have never heard of for the first time because, for whatever reason, a bit of America’s past seemed to just dis-appear from memory as soon as it oc-curred. Let me take us back almost 100 years for a moment. The summer of 1919 was commonly referred to after the fact as the ‘‘Red Summer.’’ The Red Summer included race riots all over America, White-on- Black riots specifically. There were White individuals moving into Black neighborhoods and devastating those communities. That happened in Charleston, SC; Long View, TX; Bisbee, AZ; Norfolk, VA; Chicago; Washington, DC; Elaine, AR; Knoxville, TN; Omaha, NE; and many other places. Scattered around the country, one after another, month after month, those race riots moved. As World War I veterans—at that time, we called it the Great War—as those veterans returned home, many looking for jobs—and the anxiety that rose up from that—as many Black Americans who had bravely fought in World War I pursued jobs and were un-able to get them or were hated by Whites because some of these Black in-dividuals came home and took some of the jobs that they were ‘‘entitled to,’’ the tensions began to rise across the country. It burst out into riots. Oklahoma was mostly spared from that in 1919 and in 1920, but on May 30 of 1921, a young man named Dick Row-land who worked downtown, an Afri-can-American gentleman, was 19 years old. He was actually shining shoes in downtown Tulsa, which, if you have ever been to Tulsa and if you have missed it—if you have never been there, you need to go. It is an abso-lutely beautiful town. If you can ever see the pictures of what Tulsa looked like in the 1920s, you would be as-tounded. It was an oil boom town. Oil was discovered all around Tulsa, and people came from all over the country. Most of those individuals around Tulsa who put in oil wells suddenly became rich, and Tulsa became a wealthy com-munity extremely rapidly. The archi-tecture and history of it is beautiful. But, like every other town in Okla-homa in the 1920s, it was also seg-regated by law. The Northern District of Tulsa at that time was called the Greenwood District, just north of downtown. It was an incredibly prosperous commu-nity. In fact, African Americans from around the country moved to Tulsa be-cause there were doctors and lawyers and businesses, grocery stores, depart-ment stores. It became a very wealthy community because some individuals lived in Greenwood and worked in Tulsa, which was a fast-growing, wealthy city. Also, there was great freedom within the Greenwood District. Oddly enough, the segregation that was required in Oklahoma at the time also caused Greenwood to grow because many Afri-can Americans could not buy groceries or could not go to certain restaurants or go into certain businesses or depart-ment stores in Tulsa. So when those businesses opened up in Greenwood and the population continued to grow, it became a fast-growing city as well. In fact, it was nicknamed the Black Wall Street of America. That community was extremely well educated, had many World War I veterans who had come home, many businesses and en-trepreneurs. It became known as a place where Blacks could come from around the country and start busi-nesses, grow businesses, and grow into prosperity. I would love to be able to show you all the homes and the places—what that looked like in the 1920s. It was a beautiful district. I will get back to my story about Dick Rowland. Working downtown in Tulsa—most buildings in downtown Tulsa would not allow a Black man to go to the bathroom there, but the Drexel Building would, so he would go to the Drexel Building to go to the restroom. He would go on the elevator because the restroom he was allowed to use was on an upper floor. That par-ticular day, on May 30, 1921, he got into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3145 May 25, 2016 
the elevator, and the elevator operator was a 17-year-old young lady, a White lady named Sarah Page. The elevator doors closed. As they got to the upper floor, they got off. At that point, Sarah Page screamed. To this day, we don’t know why. We don’t know if there was an altercation. We don’t know if Dick Rowland bumped her and she screamed. We don’t know if she was just scared, and we don’t know why. But a friend heard her scream, came running, saw Dick Rowland stepping out of the ele-vator, and accusations started imme-diately. Within 24 hours, the police ar-rested Dick Rowland and took him to the courthouse and the jail in down-town Tulsa. By the time the afternoon paper had been released on May 31, 1921, the word was out that a young African-Amer-ican male had raped a White female in the elevator at the Drexel Building, and a mob began to form outside of the courthouse. That mob gathered around. They say it started out with around 100 and then quickly grew to 200. The sheriff in Tulsa, understanding the threat there of this mob gathering around the building calling for Dick Rowland to be delivered to the mob, immediately turned off the elevator in the courthouse building and put up armed guards in every staircase around that building to not allow any of the people from the mob to get into the building, to try to get upstairs, and to be able to get Dick Rowland out. But the mob continued to grow outside that building. I understand that by the end of that day, it was now approach-ing over 1,000. Not far away from there at all, the men who lived in the Greenwood Dis-trict heard that the mob was gath-ering. As I mentioned before, many of them were World War I veterans. They loaded up with their weapons and went to the courthouse to offer their assist-ance to the sheriff to be an additional armed guard there. The sheriff denied it, said they had the situation well in hand, and turned the men away. As the mob continued to grow and continued to press the sheriff, the men returned and said: You need our help here. We do not want a lynch mob in our city. We have all heard what had happened in other cit-ies just a year ago. We don’t want that happening here. The sheriff again turned them away and said: You are not needed here; we have the situation at hand. But as the men left that second time, some White men in the crowd con-fronted some of the African-American men as they left. There was a struggle as one of the White men tried to take away the guns from the African-Amer-ican men and a shot was fired. The rest of it was chaos. Many of the African-American men headed back to the Greenwood District as quickly as they could as that mob turned into a riot. They pursued them back to the Greenwood District of Tulsa. It was not far away, literally just on the other side of the tracks from downtown Tulsa. They pursued them back into the Greenwood District and started a massive riot the evening of May 31. The police, trying to quell this mas-sive riot that broke out, immediately deputized many White men who were gathered around downtown Tulsa, gave them weapons, and told them to go ar-rest as many Black people as they could to stop the riot. They ran into the Greenwood Dis-trict and shootings began all over the Greenwood area. Many African-Amer-ican men—the numbers are up over the thousands—were arrested, dragged into Tulsa, and were put in temporary de-tention facilities there and held, which left the Greenwood District completely unprotected. Looters and rioters moved through that part of Tulsa all throughout the night and into the next morning, lit-erally looting every home, looting every business, doctor’s office, grocery store, and department store—looting each one of them and burning them to the ground. By the time the National Guard arrived the next day to try to stop the riot, almost every building, home, and business—everything in a 1- mile square that was the Greenwood District before—was completely de-stroyed. It makes you wonder what happened then. It is estimated that over 300 peo-ple died that night in Tulsa. No one was ever charged with a crime. Dick Rowland, whom I mentioned be-fore, was released from jail because no charges were ever pressed against him. Sarah Page never pressed charges against him. Insurance companies refused to pay the African-American businesses that were burned to the ground. They walked away. What happened next is even more surprising to me. I am not surprised that many African-American individ-uals who lived in the Greenwood Dis-trict left. I don’t blame them, but most everyone stayed. They literally rebuilt their homes by living in tents for a year. The American Red Cross moved in and helped build wood platforms where there used to be homes so that tents could be built in that spot and people could live there while they rebuilt their own home and rebuilt their own businesses. One by one they rebuilt. Mount Zion Baptist Church had just been finished a few months before that and had a $50,000 mortgage on it. No one walked away from that church. They rebuilt that church, and they re-paid the $50,000 mortgage that was owed from before. Block by block, indi-viduals started rebuilding Greenwood. By the 1940s, and given all the strug-gles that had happened, it never fully recovered to what it was before. What is also fascinating about it is that the State of Oklahoma quietly ignored what happened that day. Most folks growing up in Oklahoma have never even heard of the Tulsa race riot. In many ways, the Tulsa race riot is kind of like that uncle you know in your family who ended up in jail and at Christmas no one talks about. Every-one kind of knows they are out there, but you never discuss them. That was the Tulsa race riot for Oklahomans for a very long time, until just a couple of decades ago, when the conversation quietly started again about a very dif-ficult part of our history. So 95 years ago this week, the worst race riot in American history broke out in Tulsa, OK. In 5 years the entire country will pause and look at Okla-homa and will ask a very good ques-tion: What has changed in 100 years? What have we learned in 100 years? I would say a few things. I would say we can remember. There is great honor to be able to say to people: We have not forgotten about what happened. We have not ignored it. We have not swept it under the rug and pretended it never happened. We remember. I think there is great honor in that. We can recognize there is more to be done and that we can’t just say: You know what; that was then, and this is now. There is more to be done. Our own racial challenges and what has happened in the country just over the past few years remind us again that we don’t have legal segregation any more, but we still have our own challenges as a nation. We still need to have a place in the Nation where every person of every background has every opportunity. It is right for us. We can respect the men and women who lived, worked, died, and rebuilt. We can pour respect on those individuals who are still working to rebuild. These are people such as Donna Jack-son, who is leading a group that she calls the North Tulsa 100 who say that by the time we get to the 100th anni-versary just 5 years from now, there will be 100 new businesses in the Green-wood area. The jewel of Black Wall Street was the number of businesses, entrepreneurs, and family businesses that were there. Donna Jackson and the group that is around her—business leaders, church leaders, individuals from the area, family members, and some of them even connected to the survivors of the riot itself—are all committed to what they can do to rees-tablish the business community again in Greenwood and North Tulsa and not looking just for Black businesses, but businesses—period. They wish to re-engage a community that is still scarred years later and to be able to have some respect for those folks who run the cultural center at John Hope Franklin Reconciliation Park and the individuals who are willing to talk about it in a way that is open, honest, and not accusatory. But my fourth ‘‘r,’’ after remember, recognize and respect, is reconciliation. What are we going to do as a nation to make sure that we are reconciled? This simple speech on this floor is not going to reconcile our Nation. We have for years said this is something 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.027 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3146 May 25, 2016 
we need to talk about. Quite frankly, we do need to talk about it, but we also need to do something about it. What can we do to make sure that our chil-dren do not grow up in a nation that forgets its past but also to make sure it is not repeated again and to make sure that all individuals are recognized and respected and that every person has the same opportunity. There is no simple answer, but I bring to this body a story that I think is important for us to talk about—the worst race riot in American history, in my State, and in all of our States. I bring to us a question. Five years from now, we as a nation will talk about this even more when it is the 100- year anniversary. Who are we as a na-tion? How far have we come, and what do we have left to do to make sure that we really are one Nation under God, in-divisible? With that, I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I thank our colleague, the Senator from Okla-homa, for telling that marvelous story and offering some hope—not just talk-ing about it but doing something about it as well. Of course, it reminds me a little bit of our recent trip to Charleston and the amazing thing that happened there after a terrible tragedy when a young man opened a gun in a church and a killed a number of innocent people who were there worshipping and who had taken him in. Just as the story told by the Senator from Oklahoma, one of the things we found when we visited Charleston later, as the Presiding Officer will recall, was the power of forgiveness. This changed the entire conversation when people in great pain, suffering an unspeakable tragedy, had the faith and the fortitude to stand and say: You hurt me, but I forgive you. It was very, very remarkable. It re-minded me of that experience. What Senator L
ANKFORD was telling us about Tulsa—the Tulsa race riot—reminded me of the similar lesson and example. There is perhaps nothing more power-ful than a good example, and we saw that rising out of great hurt and great hate. I thank the Senator for telling the story and reminding me of that recent experience in Charleston. Mr. President, sometimes when I go home to Texas, my constituents tell me: I don’t know how you stand it. I don’t know how you stand the frustra-tion of working in Washington and dealing with some of the politics, the unnecessary obstacles, the procedures, just the delay—the do-nothing aspects of this job. Unfortunately, I was reminded of that again because we are here osten-sibly working on a national defense au-thorization bill, burning daylight and wasting time when we could actually be dealing with the needs of our men and women in uniform—making sure they have the equipment, training, and the tools necessary to fight our Na-tion’s wars and keep our Nation safe. But we are just burning hours on the clock because the Democratic leader, in his—I was going to say in his wis-dom. I don’t think it is in his wisdom. I think it is just an effort to delay our ability to progress with this important legislation on a bipartisan basis. This is legislation, after all, that was sup-ported by every Democrat on the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee. They know what is in the bill. It has been posted for a long time. Anybody who really cared enough to find out could have found out what was in this bill. We could be having a debate and a dis-cussion about how we can improve it, about how we can reconcile the House and Senate versions and get it to Presi-dent Obama for his signature so our troops don’t have to wonder, so they don’t have to wait, and so they don’t have to worry about whether we care enough to get our work done to support them. Despite all the foot dragging we have seen and the frustrations that are just inherent in this job—because things never happen as quickly as any of us would like, and I think certainly that adds to the public frustration—we ac-tually have been getting some things done around here. It is just that we have had to grind them out and take a long time do them. But I know the majority leader, Sen-ator MCCONNELL of Kentucky, is deter-mined to complete this legislation, and we will. In Senator M
CCAIN, the chair-man of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, we couldn’t have a more forceful advocate for the men and women in uniform and the veterans. Of course, he was a great example of that true Amer-ican hero—a former prisoner of war himself. You can tell how passionately he feels about doing our duty by our troops. I did want to mention a few things I will be offering by way of amendments that I think will help make America safer and take some small steps toward correcting some of the foreign policy mistakes we have seen from this ad-ministration over the last few years. The first two amendments I intend to offer focus on countering the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism; that is, the nation of Iran. The first amendment I have specifically targets an airline called Mahan Air, which is that country’s largest commercial air-line—the largest commercial airline and the No. 1 state sponsor of ter-rorism. This airline has repeatedly played a role in exporting Iran’s ter-rorism. It supports the efforts of the Quds Force, an elite fighting unit of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guards, and supports Hezbollah as well. We might as well call Mahan Air ‘‘Ter-rorist Airways.’’ That might be a more appropriate name. Because of its role in ferrying Iranian personnel and weap-ons throughout the region in the Mid-dle East, it plays a big hand in under-cutting the interests of the United States and our ally Israel. Of course, everywhere you turn, Iran is up to some sort of mischief—in Syria, obviously, with their efforts to shore up the corrupt and brutal regime of Bashar al-Assad, its support of Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terrorist organizations. It seems like every-where you turn, they are up to no good. And, of course, there is the nuclear agreement, which I think was enor-mously misguided, and they have thumbed their noses at the very basic elements of that agreement, dem-onstrating they have really no interest in complying with it. And the United States, in turn—well, actually the ad-ministration; because it is not a trea-ty, it doesn’t bind future Presidents— but we have essentially, in the words of Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel, not contained or prevented Iran from gaining nuclear weapons; we have es-sentially paved the pathway. Today, Mahan Air is working to add more international airports to its flights, including several in Europe. Given the links to terrorist activity, we have to consider the potential secu-rity risks to Americans and others who fly in and out of airports where Mahan aircraft may land. This amendment would require the Department of Homeland Security to compile and make public a list of air-ports where Mahan Air flies, and it would require the Department of Homeland Security to assess what added security measures should be im-posed on flights to the United States that may be coming from an airport used by Mahan Air. I recently had the chance—and I have spoken about this—to go to Cairo with the Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Committee and the chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security, my friend M
ICHAEL  M
CCAULof Texas. One of the things we looked at was airport security because there are flights that currently exist between Cairo and JFK Airport in New York. It is my understanding there are also flights planned from Cairo to Reagan National here in the District of Columbia. Following the explosion on a Russian plane out of Sharm el-Sheikh in south-ern Sinai, it is pretty clear Egypt has a lot of work to do to improve its homeland security measures in both its screening of baggage and also per-sonnel who work at airports. So you can see why people would nec-essarily be concerned about the action of Mahan Air and what risk that might expose innocent passengers to. I hope my colleagues will review the proposal and support it. The second amendment I have re-lated to Iran would require President Obama to determine if Iran violated international law several months ago when it detained a number of U.S. sail-ors. Under bedrock rules of inter-national law, all ships, including U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.029 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3147 May 25, 2016 
Navy ships, have the right to innocent passage through another nations’ terri-torial waters. In other words, when one of our Navy’s riverine boats is inno-cently transiting across Iranian waters and is not engaged in military activity or taking any other action that would prejudice the peace and security of Iran, it is against the law—against the law—for Iran to stop, board, and seize that vessel. Iran can’t just remove our sailors from their boats and detain them in Iran because they feel like it or steal the GPS units from those boats. In addition, the Geneva Convention makes clear that Iran can’t detain for no reason and exploit another nation’s military servicemembers, especially not for propaganda purposes, which is clearly what they did. Iran can’t force our sailors to apologize when they have done nothing wrong. Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guards and their state-con-trolled media had a heyday with the videos and images of our sailors they captured and purposely humiliated. It seems very likely, based on avail-able evidence, that they violated our sailors’ rights of innocent passage and very likely the Geneva Convention itself, and I think we need the Com-mander in Chief to call Iran into ac-count. This type of destabilizing and dangerous behavior by Iran cannot occur without some consequences. My amendment would require the President to determine if the rules of international law were broken and, if so, require the imposition of manda-tory sanctions on Iranian personnel who were involved. A third amendment I have introduced would grant tax-free income status to U.S. troops deployed to the Sinai Pe-ninsula. As I have mentioned before, after our trip to Cairo, we flew out to North Camp, a peacekeeping mission in the northern part of the Sinai. This is an area between the Gaza Strip and Egypt where, as part of the peace agreement between Egypt and Israel, negotiated by Prime Minister Begin, President Sadat, and President Carter, this peacekeeping operation was estab-lished. It is called the Multinational Force & Observers, and it is largely made up of U.S. military, although it is led by a two-star Canadian general and a number of Colombian soldiers and others. Our troops play a strategic role in maintaining peace between Egypt and Israel right there in the northern Sinai, and their work is incredibly dan-gerous. Unfortunately, some Bedouin insurgents have now affiliated them-selves with ISIS. They have claimed al-legiance to the Islamic State and are regularly putting out improvised ex-plosive devices, which kill Egyptian peacekeepers. By granting our troops tax-free sta-tus for their pay, we can put them on equal footing with other American troops who are deployed in other dan-gerous places, such as Afghanistan and Iraq and other similarly dangerous hot spots around the globe. Finally, I mentioned earlier this week that I will be submitting an amendment to support the human rights of the Vietnamese people. The President has been in Hanoi for the last couple of days, but, frankly, the conduct of the Communist regime is marked by the regular silencing of dis-sidents and the press and anti-demo-cratic, heavyhanded tactics to stay in power at any cost, not to mention the denial of religious freedom. By one es-timate, Vietnam is currently detaining about 100 political prisoners. Clearly, this country does not come anywhere close to sharing the values we have here in the United States, democratic values, and rather than steadily improving, I am afraid there is no sign the Vietnamese Government is working to advance more freedoms for its people. Just this last week, during the visit of President Obama, it was reported that several activists who planned on meeting with the President were de-tained by the Communist Party and prevented from doing so. Similarly, a BBC correspondent said that the Viet-namese Government ordered him to stop his reporting, simply silencing this reporter from the BBC. Earlier this month, the wife of a Vietnam ac-tivist testified before a subcommittee on the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee about her husband, a human rights lawyer, who was beaten by plainclothes officers and imprisoned. What was his crime? Well, according to the government, he was charged with ‘‘conducting propaganda against the state.’’ His wife hasn’t seen or heard from him in months. While I support increased economic and security ties with Vietnam, I don’t believe we should sacrifice our commit-ment to human rights in the process. We should not be seen as tolerating this sort of anti-democratic behavior. At the very least, we shouldn’t be re-warding it with new access to arms deals by completely lifting the long-time arms embargo against Vietnam. And what did we get in exchange? Well, I think it approaches zero or nothing. My amendment would help ensure that we don’t reward Vietnam for bad behavior, such as human rights abuses, when we confer upon them benefits, such as lifting the arms embargo, and that they show some respect for demo-cratic values, religious liberties, and human rights. We have to keep in mind that the Vi-etnamese people in that country have no real voice because they are subjects of a Communist dictatorship. We must do more to put pressure on the regime in Hanoi to empower their own people. 
CROSS -BORDER TRADE AND ENHANCEMENT ACT  
Separately, Mr. President—and I see my colleague from Wyoming wants to speak, so let me conclude with this— earlier today, the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee passed legislation I have introduced called the Cross-Border Trade and En-hancement Act, a bill that would help our ports of entry by strengthening public-private partnerships at air, land, and sea ports. In Texas, because we share a 1,200- mile common border with Mexico, we have seen upfront and close the secu-rity challenges—which we need to do much more to address—but also the benefits of bilateral trade. As a matter of fact, trade between the United States and Mexico supports about 6 million American jobs. We have seen time and time again how important these public-private partnerships are in helping to reduce wait times for the flow of commerce across the border and moving people and goods across safely and efficiently. This isn’t just about convenience; this is about security and compliance with our laws, interdicting illegal drugs and other activities. This legislation would also improve staffing, in addition to modernizing the infrastructure to help better protect le-gitimate trade and travel and keep our economy running smoothly. I thank the chairman, Senator RON J
OHNSON , for his commitment to this issue and commend him for his diligent effort in leading the committee. I am glad the committee understands that the priority here is to strengthen our ports of entry at the border and across the country. I am grateful not only for the com-mittee’s support but also the bipar-tisan support of other cosponsors, in-cluding Senator K
LOBUCHAR , the senior Senator from Minnesota, and Senator H
ELLER , the junior Senator from Ne-vada. As always, I appreciate my colleague on the House side, H
ENRY CUELLAR , for working with me on a bipartisan basis and introducing companion legislation in the House. I hope now that the Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs Com-mittee has acted, this Chamber will take up the bill soon so we can build on the success of similar programs in Texas and across the country. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk once again about the health care law. This past weekend I was home in Wy-oming—as I am just about every week-end—visiting a community called Lovell, WY. At Lovell, we had a health and fitness fair that was focused on kids and adults in terms of prevention of problems and early detection of problems. They could get their blood tests done there. In talking to hun-dreds of people there at the hospital, what I heard again and again, as I do each weekend, is that this health care law is having a negative impact, a hurtful impact on the people of my home State of Wyoming. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.030 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3148 May 25, 2016 
I want to spend a little time today talking about what is happening there. On Monday night, Senator E
NZIand I had a chance to have a telephone town-hall meeting. We talked to a lot of peo-ple around the State, and this con-tinues to come up: the high increases in costs, in spite of what the President promised. He promised that insurance rates would go down by $2,500 per fam-ily if his health care law was passed and signed. In fact, the exact opposite has occurred. Today I had lunch with a number of students from Lander, WY, in Freemont County, and again this came up as a topic of discussion. What we see is that the insurance companies at this time of year are turning in their rate requests—the re-quests they have to increase their rates for next year. I am going to talk about places all over the country now because it is not just Wyoming that is suffering under the President’s health care law, it is all around the country. Families in Iowa now know that their insurance company wants to raise premiums by as much as 43 percent for some plans. Some families in New York have learned that their rates may be going up as much as 46 percent. Let’s turn to New Hampshire. There are fam-ilies in New Hampshire who have got-ten the news that they could be paying 45 percent more. So when we look State by State by State, what we are seeing across the country is rates going up dramatically, impacting the ability of people to even afford their insur-ance. A health care group looked at nine States where information has been re-leased. They found what they call a standard shopper for insurance. The av-erage cost of a silver plan—the most commonly sold plan—will go up 16 per-cent next year. That is for a typical, say, 50-year-old person who doesn’t smoke. It adds to an average cost of about $6,300 per year for that person trying to buy insurance. What we are seeing today is more and more people getting sticker shock under ObamaCare. The health care law has created so many problems for the American public—for taxpayers—be-cause taxes have gone up as a result of this for providers of health care and certainly for patients. The health care law has caused mandates. It has put re-strictions in place. It has been made so expensive that most people think it is not a good deal for them personally, which is why, in terms of the number of people who were uninsured when the law was passed, fewer than one in three of them have actually signed up for ObamaCare. That is because all these mandates and all these restrictions have made insurance much more ex-pensive when it comes down to actu-ally trying to get care. Let me point out that the President is very specific when he talks. He doesn’t talk about people getting care; he talks about coverage. The headlines in the New York Times have been that there are a lot of people with coverage who can’t get care. There was a story last week about so many people in New York City who feel that ObamaCare is a second-class pro-gram. They have that insurance card, but it doesn’t help them get to see a doctor—certainly not one they want or need for the problems they are having. Some insurance companies have lost so much money by selling insurance on the ObamaCare exchange that they have decided to drop out of the ex-changes entirely. They said: We are done with it. We can’t afford to con-tinue to sell it this way. We know the insurance company Humana is dropping out of several States. We know that UnitedHealthcare is leaving all but a handful of States. In Colorado, 20,000 people have received letters saying that they are losing their insurance plan next year because companies can-not afford to sell it. And it is only going to get worse. According to a recent survey by McKinsey & Company, it turns out that only one out of every four health insurance companies made a profit last year. Those are the ones I am talking about specifically selling insurance on the ObamaCare exchange. So one out of four made a profit; three out of four lost money. And we say: How is it that they were able to make a profit? Well, this is what they did: The ones that were able to make a profit tended to be companies that have a lot of ex-perience offering Medicaid insurance. Basically, they took their Medicaid plans and sold them to people on the ObamaCare exchange. These are plans with very narrow networks of doctors, so you can’t just go to any doctor you like, and they have very narrow num-bers of hospitals, so you can’t go to any hospital you like. For these specific companies, a lot of these plans are ones that have very high deductibles. So somebody may have an insurance card, but the deductible is so high—the dol-lar-for-dollar out-of-their-pocket ex-pense—that they say they can’t afford to see a doctor, and they have ObamaCare, which they are finding is essentially useless for them. There were different levels of insur-ance plans that ObamaCare came out with—bronze, silver, gold, and plat-inum. Most of the people have been choosing the silver plans because that was thought to be sort of the midrange plan. Well, now those silver plans are coming with very high costs. This means that people may be paying, again, for coverage, but they are not getting care. There is a company in Virginia. They have decided they are getting rid of the bronze plan entirely. They have said ‘‘No, we are not going to sell the bronze plan anymore,’’ and they are pushing all of their customers up into the silver plan. They are doing this, but if you are one of the people who had the bronze plan that they are not going to sell anymore, you can see your rates going up 70 percent from what you were paying this year—an in-crease of 70 percent. Some of these sil-ver plans have gotten so inadequate that they are now what the bronze plans used to be. This is all as a result of what the Obama administration forced down the throats of the Amer-ican public and every Democrat voted for and every Republican voted against. One insurance company is actually offering a silver plan next year that comes with a deductible of more than $7,000. Now, that is how much someone would need to pay out of their pocket before insurance actually kicked in. Blue Cross of Idaho is talking about a deductible of $6,850 for their silver plan. That is for the silver plan—the one that Democrats said was supposed to be the benchmark plan, the one that the subsidies are linked to. Let’s think about what a $6,850 de-ductible means for most people. Ac-cording to a new poll out by the Asso-ciated Press, two-thirds of Americans say they would have a hard time actu-ally coming up with $1,000 for an emer-gency. So, then, how are they supposed to come up with over $6,800 in case of a situation that they may find con-fronting them? These kind of plans, where people pay a lot and don’t get much in return, are what President Obama and the admin-istration used to call ‘‘junk insur-ance.’’ I remember the President talk-ing about that. ‘‘Junk insurance’’ is what he said. He said that the health care law would stop that; that would never happen under an Obama adminis-tration and an Obama plan. Instead, this President, under ObamaCare, is pushing more and more people into these kinds of plans, and this adminis-tration is even subsidizing them. So premiums are going through the roof. The deductibles are going up so high that people have insurance— which is mandated by law that they have—but it turns out that, for many of them, it is useless. People may have to find a new primary care doctor or a new pediatrician every year because they are getting switched from plan to plan to plan because they can’t afford the plan that they have, and the rates continue to go up. And the President, who had once said ‘‘If you like your plan, you can keep it,’’ now says ‘‘Oh, no, you had better shop around.’’ He said that if you like what you have, you can keep it. He completely flipped and now says that you had better shop around. People continue to lose plans because insurance companies are going out of business or they just quit selling insur-ance entirely. To me, this is just one more sign that this health care law is a sinking ship. It is falling apart. And insurance companies have found that one reason they are losing so much money is that their customers are sick-er than the President thought they would be and that the insurance com-panies thought they would be. The peo-ple who are healthy basically aren’t in-terested in buying this very expensive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.031 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3149 May 25, 2016 
insurance. They feel it is a waste of their money and would rather just pay the fine to the IRS. On Monday, the head of the State ObamaCare co-op in New Mexico was on the television network CNBC, talk-ing about this problem. His name is Dr. Martin Hickey, and he is the CEO of New Mexico Health Connections. His company is asking to raise premiums for some of its plans by 34 percent next year. Still, he said, ‘‘With these heavy rate increases’’—and these are heavy rate increases—‘‘the problem is the people who are going to say ‘for a $695 penalty, to heck with it.’’’ So of the people the President is mandating to buy insurance, many are saying, ‘‘to heck with it.’’ That is what we hear from this CEO. Look, this is just what Republicans have been predicting ever since Demo-crats first brought this health care law to the floor and they passed this ex-traordinarily expensive law and man-dates on the American public. Dr. Hickey, CEO of New Mexico Health Connections, said, ‘‘The healthy are abandoning insurance, and what you’re left with is the sick, and you can never raise your rates high enough.’’ That is not what Democrats promised. That is not what they stood up here on the floor and talked about. They promised—and so did President Obama—that the health care rates would go down. They promised insur-ance coverage would get better. It has not. It has gotten much worse. They promised that if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. In many cases, you can’t. They promised that if you like your insurance, you can keep your insurance. In many cases, you cannot. People all across this country are getting a reminder of ObamaCare’s bro-ken promises as the health care re-quests for increases come out. Demo-crats want to double down on this failed health care law and add more mandates and more restrictions. They want more government control over people’s health care. It does seem that everything the Democrats propose just makes prices go up faster. That isn’t what the Amer-ican people wanted, and it is certainly not what we need from health care re-form in this country. This law was passed 6 years ago, and it is getting worse every day. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OUR NATIONAL DEBT  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I want the Presiding Officer and my colleagues and the people of America to know what is keeping me awake nights. It is actually thoughts of my grandkids and their future that keep me awake nights. I see a bleak future for them because of our overspending, and I hear their small voices saying: You were there. Why didn’t you fix it? Why didn’t you give us the chance you had? We didn’t want anything for free. We just wanted an opportunity to earn our own way to what was the American dream. How are we going to answer that question? I am not just asking the Members of Congress, I am asking ev-eryone in America because everyone has and is getting benefits from this great country at the expense of the fu-ture. Let’s look at the problem together. Here is where we are right now and where we are headed: Our national debt isn’t sustainable because of the inter-est alone. Interest on the debt could mean we would have to make cuts to programs we never dreamed of cutting. We already owe $1,900 billion. Some-times that is called $19 trillion. I prefer to call it $19,000 billion; it sounds like more. That is soon headed to $20,000 billion, or $20 trillion. We have already exceeded that. At 1 percent interest— and that is interest alone—interest would amount to $200 billion a year. We need to worry about when the in-terest rate gets to the norm of 5 per-cent, and that could happen as early as in the next 3 years. Imagine if the in-terest rate went to 5 percent; 5 percent is the historic average for Federal bor-rowing. Excluding mandatory spend-ing, we currently only get to make de-cisions on $1,070 billion a year. Do the math. Five times $200 billion is $1,000 billion. Remember, we only get to make decisions on $1,070 billion a year. So interest alone could crowd out al-most the entire annual budget. What would that extra $70 billion fund? When that happens, could we forget about funding defense or education or agri-culture or any of the other programs we are expected to fund? What we are doing is not sustainable. What would we be forced to cut just to pay the interest? How many people do you think would be willing to invest in America just in order to get their own interest paid? The answer is no one. In-cidentally, we may already be bor-rowing to pay interest, but so far no one knows it—yet. From a Bloomberg business article, ‘‘There’s an acknowledgement, even in the investor community, that mone-tary policy is kind of running out of ammo.’’ That was said by Thomas Costerg, the economist at Standard Chartered Bank in New York City. A lack of monetary ammo will drive up interest rates dramatically, forcing us to pay even more interest on our debt. Because we are the largest economy in the world, there isn’t anyone who could bail us out. There are lots of causes to this prob-lem. Let me cover some of them. We don’t ever look back at what we have done. We keep looking forward to new things we would like to do to help ev-eryone out. Every elected official has great ideas for something that might make a difference, but we don’t look to see if it already has a similar program or if what we already do in that area is working. In fact, the bills we passed don’t have enough specificity to know if we are achieving what we hoped we would get done. Without measurable goals, we can’t measure progress. We don’t include specificity for how we are going to achieve our goals, which allows or forces agencies to go where they want to go. We never know if we actually solved the problem we started out to solve. For some Federal employees, it is important never to get the problem solved as their jobs might be elimi-nated. Have you ever had an agency come to you and suggest that their mission no longer exists so we should end their funding? Not that I know of. Once a young man came to me and he said: This will probably cost me my job, but what I am doing doesn’t have to be done at all. By telling you this, I will probably lose my job, but I feel strongly about it. I told him he ought to be promoted and worked to have that happen. I want to congratulate Senator GRASSLEY for his efforts on whistle-blower protection so employees can point out problems without retaliation. We have regulations that cost jobs and the economy for very little value. We have a rule that there has to be a cost- benefit analysis for any project over $100 million of impact, but that is sel-dom done, and there are few standards for doing it anyway or requirements to actually force it to be done. The bene-fits might be costed over decades while the costs are immediate and con-tinuing. If we can improve the private econ-omy by 1 percent, we would increase revenue to the Federal Government by $400 billion without raising taxes. In-stead, we have gone from GDP—that is private sector productivity—from 2.7 percent down to 0.5 percent. That is a huge loss of tax revenue. We have regulations that have been on the books for years that haven’t been reviewed to see if technology has made them outdated. Regulations cost jobs but only in the private sector. When is the last time you remember a Federal employee being laid off be-cause of budget cuts or ending a pro-gram? I know we passed a major edu-cation bill here recently, and we elimi-nated the national school board and a lot of the national requirements. So when we had the new nominee for Secretary of Education, I asked him how many jobs that was going to save in the Department of Education. He said: Well, none. We are just going to move them around and use them in other places. Wrong answer. According to the Congressional Budget Office, we saved 237 jobs that will not have any-thing to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.033 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3150 May 25, 2016 
There are 96,000 Federal employees in the District alone. What are they all doing? An example is a principal who came to see me my first year here. He had been filling out Federal reports for a long time, and he wondered where they went. So I sent him to the Depart-ment of Education, and he spent a se-mester there and followed all those re-ports around. Then he came and re-ported to me. He said: You know, they really look at those carefully. They make sure every single blank is filled in. They make sure every single blank has a logical answer. If it doesn’t, they send it back. They get it back, and they check it over again. Then, they file it and nobody ever looks at it. I have been trying to get rid of some of those forms since that time. How about expired Federal programs? Last year I spoke often about the 260 programs we still have that expired, but we are still spending money on them to the tune of $293
1⁄2billion a year—260 programs expired, $293
1⁄2bil-lion paid out to them each year. One of them expired in 1983, another one in 1987, and most of them before 2006, and we are still giving them money. After a year of harping on it, I find that we have reduced the number of ex-pired programs from 260 to 256, but we have increased the spending on expired programs from $293 billion to $310 bil-lion. That is not progress. Here is another part of the problem. I have this housing chart. There ought to be savings from better organization. We have 20 Federal agencies here. Somebody once said that if you take the 26 letters of the alphabet and you picked any 3 or any 4 and you put them in any order you want to, there would be a Federal agency by that name. We have 20 of those right here, and that isn’t the whole chart. It would take a much bigger chart to show the whole story, because these 20 Federal agen-cies oversee 160 housing programs. How many housing programs does it take? What are they doing? Could they be combined? We don’t look at that. Wouldn’t consolidation of these re-sult in some kind of savings? Maybe consolidation would result in some effi-ciency. Shouldn’t all of this be con-trolled by one entity? What are we try-ing to achieve in housing? Do we have 160 different plans and goals? Shouldn’t we consider that a major economic sec-tor and have that a separate part of our budget? Can’t some of the programs be combined? When I came to the Senate, there were 119 preschool programs for chil-dren. We all know and acknowledge the value of preschool and how it increases their earnings later on and cuts down on the amount of crime and helps the economy. We all know and acknowl-edge that value, but Senator Kennedy and I found that many of them have been evolved into expensive childcare services rather than education, and they weren’t meeting their goals. We were able to get those programs down from 119 to 65. That was all that was in our jurisdiction of Health and Edu-cation. Later we were able to get some of those others down to 45. Two years ago, I got an amendment passed that the programs had to be reduced to five and all of them put under the Depart-ment of Education. Even though that is the law, that hasn’t happened yet. Does the Federal Government ever take a cut in dollars? We get instant complaints if the requested increase is less than what was asked for—not less than what they had the year before, less than what was asked for. Only in government is that considered a cut. Our budgets and spending are set up to allow everyone to get what they got last year, plus the amount of inflation. We call it baseline budgeting. Many governments have gone to economic sector budgeting under a cap of ex-pected revenues. You don’t look at what the expected revenues are. Some governments only borrow for long-term infrastructure investments. We borrow for day-to-day expenses. As I men-tioned earlier, we could be borrowing to pay our interest on our debt. I am not even going to cover the Tax Code that has evolved from raising the basic money to run the government to a way to legislate social programs or for special benefits to individuals and businesses. Our Tax Code is costing us jobs. What are some of the other causes of our debt problem? We are really good at new and super ideas. Every idea is designed to help out the folks back home. They all lend themselves to the greater good, but if they aren’t paid for, they steal from the future. We found many ways to steal from the fu-ture. We are spending money that will not be there for our kids or our grandkids to spend. As my grandpa would say, it is ‘‘like milking a cow in a lightning storm, they’ll just be left holding the bag.’’ We fudge these new ideas into exist-ence. The easiest way is to do a dem-onstration program. Demonstration programs let you ease into the spend-ing a little at a time—boil the frog slowly. You just start it in a few cities or States to show what a difference that idea would make. Demonstration programs are always sold on the basis that a successful program will show the local benefit and will be taken up locally because they have seen the ad-vantage. I am not aware of a single program that hasn’t been spectacular. Every program works out as planned, except for the part about being valuable enough to be adopted and paid for lo-cally. So the need for the money to continue to be spent continues and continues. Not only that, if it worked so well for the few, it needs to be ex-panded nationally so everyone can ben-efit. Unfortunately, while there may have been offsets for the original pro-gramming, there was never a source of ongoing funds for the continuance of the program, let alone for its expan-sion. The next way to trick hard-working, tax-paying Americans is to make it a mandatory program. Here is a manda-tory versus discretionary chart. This is the $1,070 billion I talked about that we get to make decisions on. These are the mandatory programs that we have, and they are growing faster and faster. As the baby boomers kick in, you will see such a rapid escalation here that I don’t know how we will ever be able to afford it. Fifty years ago, 30 percent of spend-ing was mandatory. We got to make annual decisions on 70 percent of the money. Because of the expansion of the mandatory programs, 70 percent of spending is on autopilot and funded every year without a vote, and we only get to make decisions on 30 percent of the money. Some of the mandatory programs used to have their own rev-enue stream, sufficient to cover the amounts paid out. Social Security is a prime example. When it was set up, you couldn’t retire until you were 65, and life expectancy was 59. There used to be more people work-ing and paying into Social Security than the amount paid out to recipients. When that happened, the excess money was spent—yes, spent—and bonds were put in a Social Security drawer backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. If interest rates go to 5 percent, how well do you think that will work out? Pension funds for bank-rupt companies of coal miners and the Central States multiemployer pension fund are going broke now, not 20 years, not 30 years, not 40 years in the future. They are going broke now. But they are a symptom of what we are about to face. People are talking about Puerto Rico and how they need a bailout. Who would bail out the United States? Who would have enough money to do that? We go to mandatory programs, so we don’t have to figure out how to pay for programs. It continues without further votes or review. Everyone wants their favorite program to have dedicated funds, except we don’t dedicate funds to it and we ran out of real money. Mandatory spending used to mean that there was a dedicated stream of money sufficient to cover the cost of the pro-gram without dipping into the general fund. Here is a chart that shows how we are doing on that score. Let’s see. Here is dedicated income as a percent of spending for 2015—actual—and income covered just 51 percent of spending. In 2016, we only covered 49 percent, and in 2017, it might bump back up to 50 per-cent. Where does the other 50 percent come from? It either has to be stolen from the future or taken from the present, which means that less can be done under the regular budget. Another funding trick that we use is to allocate funds from the future to spend in the present. We take funds from up to 10 years out. We imagine that they already came in and some-times we spend them in 1 year. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.037 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3151 May 25, 2016 
borrowing from the future. That is bor-rowing money that our kids will need for the dreams they have for their kids and America. That brings me to emergency spend-ing. Any event that can be considered a crisis can be considered for emergency spending. Hurricanes, floods, torna-does, earthquakes, and even failures by Federal agencies can be considered emergencies. In earlier years when I looked at emergencies, it looked to me like we spent about $6 billion a year on emer-gencies. Recently, I decided I needed to have that figure checked. To my sur-prise, I found out that we have $26 bil-lion a year in emergencies that is un-paid for and will be borrowed from the future or borrowed on the debt. This little chart points that out. We are billing an average of $26 billion for emergencies. Anytime you know you are going to have some expense every year, maybe that ought to be a part of the budget. Maybe we ought to plan on it. Maybe we ought to figure out how we are going to pay for it. What are you going to tell your grandkids you did to give them oppor-tunities? Do you want to be here to an-swer that question when Social Secu-rity is cut by 20 percent to fund defense because interest payments have used up all of the money we get to make de-cisions on? Can we consolidate pro-grams? Can we be sure they have meas-urable goals and hold them to achieve-ment? Can we watch regulation to see that it achieves its goal with a min-imum of jobs lost? Can we review old programs for elimination or consolida-tion when we look at new ideas? Can we find ways to fund our ideas without stealing from the future? How will you answer to your grandkids for what you have done? I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
GUN VIOLENCE AND MENTAL HEALTH REFORM  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, about a week ago, Josh Cortez was found shot and lying on the pavement in Hart-ford’s South end. Josh was 22 at the time. His girlfriend, who was 23 years old, was found in a parked car nearby with a gunshot wound. She was rushed to Hartford Hospital where she died a half hour later. They were the sixth and seventh homicide victims in Hart-ford this year. They had been dating for about 2 years, and they had a 2-year-old daugh-ter. He had just celebrated his 22nd birthday. His cousin said: 
[Josh] was a great kid. He turned his life around for the better. He had a rough start, but he was doing a complete 360 for his baby girl. 
His cousin said that he was just wrapping up a jail diversionary pro-gram at the time of his death and that he was ‘‘committed to the program,’’ making every appointment and fol-lowing every regulation. Two days later, across the country in Iowa, Senquez Jackson was 15 years old when his 13-year-old friend acciden-tally fired a small .38-caliber semiauto-matic pistol. His friend thought the gun was unloaded when he pulled the ammo clip from the handle. He killed his friend, Senquez, who was 15 years old, and now that 13-year-old boy has been charged with involuntary man-slaughter. In addition, they layered on charges of obstructing prosecution and carrying a weapon. Senquez is remembered by his friends and family as being a great athlete. He loved basketball. He dreamed of play-ing in the NBA. He always told his auntie that he was going to be just like LeBron James. One speaker at his funeral said that they had never met another child with more gratitude than Senquez. He had deep gratitude for the things he had been given. He died from an accidental gunshot wound on March 18. Earlier in the year, Romell Jones was standing outside the Alton Acres hous-ing complex with a group of kids his age in Alton, IL. He was 11 years old. They were waiting to get picked up to go to basketball practice. While they were waiting outside, a red car pulled up and someone inside the car fired multiple shots into this group of kids, and Romell was killed. His friends remember him—frankly, like Senquez—as always having a bas-ketball in his hands. The middle school coach, Bobby Everage, who was plan-ning on coaching this incredibly tal-ented kid, said: This young man’s life was cut short and he had so much potential. I know he was a good kid and has a lot of friends. When life ends that way, it is so sad. 
His fifth grade teacher said that Romell was well liked by all of his teachers and all of his classmates. 
He was always happy, sensitive, and an ex-cellent student. As a fifth grader he mentored younger students at our school. 
He was only 11 years old when he was killed while waiting to go to basketball practice. At the end of last year—this is a story I pulled out of the dozens that were killed in Connecticut cities— Antoine Heath was 29 years old when he was shot in the chest while sitting in a parked car on the outskirts of Edgewood Park in New Haven. His wife of 4 years and mother of his two chil-dren, ages 4 and 3, said that her hus-band was a family man. ‘‘He was loving and hard working.’’ Antoine’s nickname was ‘‘Champ,’’ in large part because he was such a cham-pion of causes in and around his com-munity. A childhood friend said: 
He tried to get me to see things clear. He made sure everybody was all right. He just wanted his family to be together. 
He had big plans for the weekend just following his death. He was going to be baptized. His sister said: 
He was ready to give his life over to God, and he made the decision on his own. That was something he wanted to surprise the family and do. 
Those are just four stories—four voices—of victims of gun violence. As the Presiding Officer and many of my colleagues know, I try to come to the floor every week or couple of weeks to tell a handful of stories of the 31,000 a year, 2,600 a month, and 86 people a day who are killed by guns, resulting from a variety of reasons. Most of these are suicides, many of them accidental. They happen in large numbers and small. Last year we had 372 mass shootings, which I categorize as 4 or more people being shot at any one time. Many of these are domestic vio-lence incidents or gang-involved inci-dents. There are a lot of different sto-ries as to why this happens. I come to the floor to talk for a mo-ment today on a specific aspect of our path forward on addressing gun vio-lence. Tomorrow Senator CASSIDY and I will host a summit here in Washington on mental health reform. Senator C
AS-
SIDY and I, with the help of 16 of our colleagues—eight Democrats and eight Republicans—have introduced a bipar-tisan comprehensive mental health re-form act that we think, if it passes, will dramatically improve the experi-ences of individuals who are trying to seek help for their mental illness. Given the fact that we are going to have hundreds of people at this summit tomorrow, that many of us are living with the daily ramifications of un-checked gun violence, and that we are continuing to press for legislation on this floor—as I know the Presiding Of-ficer is—I want to talk about the mis-takes I think we make in how we talk about the intersection between mental health and the epidemic of gun vio-lence. I will talk about it for a second through the lens of Sandy Hook. On the same day that Adam Lanza walked into Sandy Hook Elementary School and murdered 26 children and edu-cators, another mentally ill man in Henan, China, walked into a school and attacked 22 students—almost the same number. Now, in Sandy Hook, every single child who Adam Lanza fired a bullet at and hit died. In China, every single student survived. Both assail-ants were unquestionably deeply men-tally ill, but only one incident resulted in a worldwide tragedy. The difference is that Adam Lanza walked into that school with a semiautomatic rifle, and the attacker in China walked into that school with a knife. Our Nation has seen the horror that unfolds when mental illness and gun vi-olence intersect in devastating ways and the cycles of shock, despair, hor-ror, and grief that accompany mass shootings are still a uniquely American routine. We can’t fathom what would drive someone to commit such horri-fying acts. It is easy for society to blame that shooting in Newtown or in Aurora or wherever the next one may be on the mental illness. If we truly want to stop these mass shootings and do something about the 86 people who are murdered every day, we have to stop ourselves for a second and ask why this epidemic of gun violence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.039 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3152 May 25, 2016 
doesn’t happen in any other industri-alized country the way it happens here. We have to ask ourselves: Is it because more Americans suffer from mental ill-ness? No, the statistics don’t tell us that. Is it because the mentally ill in America are more violent than the mentally ill in a place like Europe? No, the data doesn’t tell us that. Do other countries spend more money on treat-ing mental illness than the United States does? Is it that their systems are more adequate than ours? No, the data doesn’t tell us that either. What is the difference between the United States and every other devel-oped nation? Why is our gun homicide rate 20 times higher than the average OECD nation? Why don’t other coun-tries that experience the same level of mental illness and spend the same amount of money treating it have a comparable number of shootings—mass and individual shootings? Well, one of the differences is guns. The difference is that in America we are awash in ille-gal guns—high-power military-style as-sault firearms that are designed to kill as many people as quickly as possible. The reality is that whoever shot that couple in Hartford or that father New Haven didn’t have to try very hard to find a weapon. It was either in their house or around the corner or at a friend’s apartment. There are a lot of people who would like to very easily conflate the con-versation about gun violence with the conversation about fixing our mental health system. Let’s just think about two States: Wisconsin and Wyoming. These are States that have very simi-lar mental health systems and spend the same amount of money. Yet one State, Wyoming, has a gun homicide rate that is twice that of Wisconsin. There is no data that suggests that mental illness explains the difference between those two States, just like there is no evidence that mental illness explains the difference between two countries. This argument about an inadequate mental health system being the reason for epidemic rates of gun violence has become a very convenient political fate that is perpetrated by people who don’t want to get to the question of whether our gun laws have something to do with these epidemic murder rates. There is no doubt that the mental health system in this country is bro-ken. It is dramatically under- resourced. People have to wait for months to get an outpatient appoint-ment. We have closed down 4,000 men-tal health inpatient beds in this coun-try just in the last 5 years alone. It is ridiculously uncoordinated. We have built up a system in which your body from the neck down is treated in one system, and then you have to drive two towns over if you want to get treat-ment for your body from the neck up. People with mental illness die 20 years earlier than people without mental ill-ness because those two systems are not coordinated. The stigma around mental illness is still crippling. I know we passed a law that requires insurance companies to say on your statement of benefits that you have coverage for mental illness. Everybody knows that when you actu-ally try to access those benefits, bu-reaucrats put up bureaucratic hurdles in front of your actually getting reim-bursed for mental health care that they never would if you were trying to get reimbursed for a broken leg or heart surgery. Now, fortunately, the Mental Health Reform Act, which this summit will cover tomorrow, really does start to unlock many of these most difficult problems. The Mental Health Reform Act will properly capitalize our mental health system by putting back into it funding for inpatient beds and starting to marry the physical health system with the mental health system. It at-tacks this stigma by requiring insur-ance companies to administer benefits in the spirit of parity and not just say that you have a mental health benefit. It invests in prevention and early intervention and treatments so that we are not just hitting the problem at the back end. It gets into tough issues, like how our HIPAA laws unfortunately stand in the way of caregivers actually being part of the treatment plan for their seriously mentally ill young adults. The Mental Health Reform Act is a path forward to fixing our broken men-tal health system. But pretending that mental health reform is a sufficient re-sponse to gun violence is not only wrongheaded, it is also dangerous be-cause the facts are incontrovertible that individuals coping with serious mental illness commit less than 5 per-cent of all violent acts in this country. Let me say that again. People with mental illness commit less than 5 per-cent of all violent acts in this country. They are frankly far more likely to be the victims of gun violence than they are to be the perpetrators of it. Obviously, people like Adam Lanza, Jared Lee Loughner, and James Holmes had complicated and dev-astating behavioral health disorders. There are Adam Lanzas, Jared Loughners, and James Holmeses in every other country in the world, but in these other societies mental illness doesn’t lead to mass murder. Some-thing is different in America such that people who are coping with mental ill-ness turn to a weapon. This celebratory culture of firearms and violence, this easy access to weapons of war that en-able men and women with a severe mental illness to instantly transform themselves into mass murderers is unique in this country. Even if Congress passed a bill today that magically eliminated all mental illness in the United States, our coun-try would still have more gun violence and shooting deaths than any other country in the developed world. Given that only 5 percent of these crimes are perpetrated by people with severe men-tal illness, curing mental illness would be a remarkable achievement, but it wouldn’t solve this problem. It is even worse than that because draping the scourge of gun deaths around the necks of everyday Ameri-cans who are struggling with mental illness just increases the stigma I was talking about that surrounds disorders of the mind. Scapegoating the 44 mil-lion Americans with mental illness just reinforces the idea that they should be feared rather than treated. We have a mental health crisis in this Nation, and we have a gun vio-lence crisis as well. These two epidemics overlap—there is no doubt about that—but solving one, the men-tal health epidemic, doesn’t solve the other. And conflating mental illness and gun violence may serve the polit-ical ends of those who don’t want to have a conversation on this floor about background checks or assault weapons or more resources for the ATF, but it is not going to make America any demon-strably safer. I think this is a very important con-versation to have, and I don’t want to shy away from these intersections that exist, but I want to get it right. In the end, I want this body to commit itself to solving our mental health crisis and then doing what is additionally nec-essary to do something about the 31,000 a year, 2,600 a month, and the 86 a day who are killed by guns in this country. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, while the Senator from Connecticut is still here, I want say through the Chair that I am glad I had a chance to hear his remarks. I agree with him that there is a mental health crisis, and I congratulate him for his leadership, es-pecially with the Senator from Lou-isiana, Mr. C
ASSIDY , in focusing the Senate’s attention on dealing with it this year. I think he has a very pas-sionate and practical way of making the argument that while there may not be a consensus on what we do about guns, there is a consensus, I believe, in this body on what we do about mental health or at least an important step in the direction of dealing with the crisis. If we are able to do it, Senator M
UR-
PHY, Senator C ASSIDY , and Senator M
URRAY , the ranking Democrat on the HELP committee, will deserve great credit for that happening. I plan to at-tend for a while the summit tomorrow that Senators M
URPHY and C ASSIDY are hosting. It will help to draw attention to the efforts that the Senators made. Last year the full Senate passed the Mental Health Improvement Act. This year, working with the Senators from Connecticut and Louisiana, and the Senator from Washington, Senator M
URRAY , we have incorporated that into the Mental Health Reform Act. We are very hopeful we can pass that legis-lation on the Senate floor in June and work with the House to turn it into a law this year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.040 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3153 May 25, 2016 
No doubt we will have more to do on the mental health crisis after that, and we will have more debates on this floor about what the Senator from Con-necticut calls the gun crisis. But there is no reason we cannot move ahead with what we already have a consensus on in mental health. I am committed, as I know Senator M
URRAY is, and so are other Members on this side of the aisle. I know that Senator B
LUNT from Missouri feels passionate about mental health needs. Senator C
ORNYN is work-ing on helping us resolve this legisla-tion. And Senator M
CCONNELL has said that if we can find a consensus among ourselves and reduce the amount of time it takes to put it on the floor, he will interrupt the appropriations proc-ess, put it on the floor, and try to get a result this year. So I am glad I had a chance to hear the Senator. I pledge to continue to work with him to get a result on the Mental Health Reform Act that he has played such a key role in fashioning. 
21ST CENTURY CURES LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, I would like to speak on another issue that the Senator from Connecticut has also played a role in because he is an important Member of the HELP committee in the Senate, and that is what we call the 21st Cen-tury Cures legislation. This legislation, in which President Obama is interested and which we have mostly finished in terms of our committee work in the Senate, has already passed the House. A little over a week ago, the New York Times Magazine published a spe-cial health issue on the new frontier in cancer treatment—how doctors and re-searchers are trying new tips, new drugs, even new ways of thinking about cancer. This month the photographer Brandon Stanton, who documents the stories of ordinary people in his pop-ular photography blog, ‘‘Humans of New York,’’ turned his lens on the pe-diatrics department of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City to help raise money for cancer treatment and the research hospital there. Also this month, two former U.S. Senators, both of them physicians and one a cancer survivor—Dr. Bill Frist and Dr. Tom Coburn—wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal about what the Senate is doing to help bring safe treatments and cures to doctors’ of-fices, patients, and medicine cabinets more quickly. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the op-ed by Dr. Frist and Dr. Coburn at the conclusion of my remarks. In the New York Times Magazine issue, one oncologist writes: 
[For patients] for whom the usual treat-ments fail to work, oncologists must use their knowledge, wit and imagination to de-vise individualized therapies. Increasingly, we are approaching each patient as a unique problem to solve. Toxic, indiscriminate, cell- killing drugs have given way to nimbler, finer-fingered molecules that can activate or deactivate complex pathways in cells, cut off growth factors, accelerate or decelerate the immune response or choke the supply of nu-trients or oxygen. More and more, we must come up with ways to use drugs as precision tools to jam cogs and turn off selective switches in particular cancer cells. Trained to follow rules, oncologists are now being asked to reinvent them. The article continues: 
Cancer—and its treatment—once seemed simpler. . . . A breakthrough came in the 2000s, soon after the Human Genome Project, when scientists learned to sequence the genomes of cancer cells. Gene sequencing allows us to identify the genetic changes that are particular to a given cancer. We can use that information to guide cancer treatment—in effect, matching the treatment to an individual patient’s can-cer. 
In another Times story, the reporter writes: 
Today, a better understanding of cancer’s workings is transforming treatment, as oncologists learn to attack tumors not ac-cording to their place of origin but by the mutations that drive them. The dream is to go much deeper, to give an oncologist a list-ing of all a tumor’s key mutations and their biological significance, making it possible to put aside the rough typology that currently reigns and understand each patient’s per-sonal cancer. Every patient, in this future situation, could then be matched to the ideal treatment and, with luck, all responses would be exceptional. This idea, more broadly, has been called precision medicine: the hope that doctors will be able to come to a far more exact un-derstanding of each patient’s disease, in-formed by genetics, and treat it accordingly. 
I am here today to insert these im-portant stories from the New York Times Magazine, the ‘‘Humans of New York’’ blog, and Drs. Frist and Coburn’s Wall Street Journal op-ed into the R
ECORD and to remind every-one that this year the Senate HELP Committee has passed 19 bipartisan bills that will help drive medical inno-vation. I am working today with Sen-ator P
ATTY MURRAY of Washington, the senior Democrat on the committee, on an agreement that will give the Na-tional Institutes of Health a surge of funding for the President’s Precision Medicine Initiative, which will map 1 million genomes and give researchers a giant boost in their efforts to tailor treatments to a patient’s individual ge-nome. It will also provide funding for the Cancer MoonShot, which the Vice President is heading, to try to set us on a faster course to a cure. To raise money for cancer research-ers at Sloan Kettering, Bradley Stan-ton used photos on his ‘‘Humans of New York’’ blog, Facebook, and Instagram accounts. He writes: ‘‘The study of rare cancers involves small and relentless teams of researchers. Lifesaving break-throughs are made on very tight budg-ets. So your donations will make a dif-ference. They may save a life.’’ The fundraiser wrapped up this past weekend. More than 103,000 people do-nated more than $3.8 million to help fight pediatric cancer. More than $1 million was donated in the last day of the campaign in honor of a young boy named Max to help research and cure DIPG, the brain tumor that ended his short life. Stanton shared photos and stories of Sloan Kettering patients and their par-ents, as well as the doctors and re-searchers working to treat and cure them—many stories hopeful, all dif-ficult to read. As Stanton put it: ‘‘These are war stories.’’ In one post, a researcher at the pedi-atric center says: In the movies, scientists are portrayed as having a ‘‘eureka moment’’—that singular moment in time when their faces change and they find an answer. . . . [I]t’s hard to say what a ‘‘eureka moment’’ would look like in my research. Maybe it’s when I’m finally able to look patients and parents in the eye and say with confidence that we have what’s needed to cure them. 
In another, a doctor at the center says: 
It’s been twelve hours a day, six days a week, for the last thirty years. My goal dur-ing all these years was to help all I could help. I’ve given 200%. I’ve given transplants to over 1200 kids. I’ve published as many pa-pers as I could. . . . But now I’m almost fin-ished. It’s time for the young people out there to finish the job. They’re going to be smarter than us. They’ll know more. They’re going to unzip the DNA and find the typo. They’re going to invent targeted therapies so we don’t have to use all this radiation. 
How do we make good on these dol-lars? How do we ensure that these re-markable new discoveries of targeted therapies are able to reach the patients that need to be reached? We must give the Food and Drug Ad-ministration the tools and the author-ity it needs to review these innovations and ensure that they are safe and effec-tive, that they get to the patients who need them in a timely way. That is ex-actly the goal of our Senate Cures Ini-tiative that I am committed to seeing through to a result. Dr. Francis Collins, Director of the National Institutes of Health—he calls it the National Institutes of Hope—a Federal agency that this year funds $32 billion in biomedical research, offered what he called ‘‘bold predictions’’ in a Senate hearing last month about major advances to expect if there is sustained commitment to such research. Listen to what he said. One pre-diction is that science will find ways to identify Alzheimer’s before symptoms appear, as well as how to slow or even prevent the disease. Today, Alz-heimer’s causes untold family grief. It cost $236 billion a year. Left un-checked, the cost in 2050 would be more than our Nation spends on national de-fense. Dr. Collins’ other predictions are equally breathtaking. Using pluripotent stem cells, doctors could use a patient’s own cells to rebuild his or her heart. This personalized rebuilt heart, Dr. Collins said, would make transplant waiting lists and anti-rejec-tion drugs obsolete. I had a phone call from Doug Oliver in Nashville, 54 years old, a medical technician. Vanderbilt Eye Institute pronounced him legally blind. They said: No treatment, no cure, but check the Internet. Last August, he went to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.048 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3154 May 25, 2016 
Florida for a clinical trial. The doctors took cells from his hip bone using an FDA-cleared device, put them through a centrifuge, and injected them into both eyes. Within 2 days, he was begin-ning to see. He now has his driver’s li-cense back. He is ready to go back to work. He is sending us emails about our legislation urging us to pass it and give more Americans a chance to have the kinds of treatments he had that have restored his sight. Continuing with Dr. Collins’ pre-dictions for the next 10 years, he ex-pects the development of an artificial pancreas to help diabetes patients by tracking blood glucose levels and by creating precise doses of insulin. He said that a Zika vaccine should be widely available by 2018 and a universal flu vaccine—flu killed 30,000 people last year—and an HIV/AIDS vaccine avail-able within a decade. Dr. Collins said that to relieve suf-fering and deal with the epidemic of opioid addiction that led to 28,000 over-dose deaths in America in 2014, there will be new nonaddictive medicines to manage pain. Our Senate HELP Committee has ap-proved 50 bipartisan strategies de-signed to make predictions like these of Dr. Collins come true. These include faster approval of breakthrough med-ical devices, such as the highly success-ful breakthrough path for medicines enacted in 2012, and making the prob-lem-plagued electronic health records system interoperable and less burden-some for doctors and more available to patients. We would make it easier for the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration to hire the experts needed to supervise re-search and evaluate safety and effec-tiveness. We approved measures to tar-get rare diseases and runaway superbugs that resist antibiotics. As Drs. Frist and Coburn—the former Senators—wrote in their Wall Street Journal op-ed that this 21st century cures legislation ‘‘touches every Amer-ican’’ and that ‘‘[m]illions of patients and the medical community are count-ing on Congress.’’ The House has already passed by a vote of 344 to 77 companion legislation called 21st century cures, including a surge of funding for the National Insti-tutes of Health. The President has his Precision Medicine Initiative. The Vice President started his Moonshot to cure cancer. The Senate HELP Committee has passed 19 bipartisan bills, as I said, either unanimously or by a wide mar-gin. There is no excuse whatsoever for us not to get a result this year. It would be extraordinarily disappointing to millions of Americans if we did not. If the Senate finishes its work and passes these bipartisan biomedical innovation bills, as well as a surge of funding for the National Institutes of Health, and takes advantage of these advancements in science, we can help more patients live longer and healthier lives and help more researchers who want to look the parent of a small child in the eye and say: We found a cure. I notice that the Senator from Penn-sylvania has come to the floor. I am ready to yield my time, but before I do—and I see the Senator from Mis-souri as well—before I do, I want to say of both of them, the Senator from Pennsylvania has been a critical com-ponent of the 21st century cures com-mittee work in the Senate. Several of the 19 bills that our committee ap-proved were sponsored by him. I thank him for his work. The Senator from Missouri—I spoke a little earlier about the mental health focus and consensus that we are developing and how we hope to get a result this year on men-tal health in the Senate, as well as 21st century cures. The Senator from Mis-souri has been key in both of them. Last year, working with Senator M
UR-
RAY, he was the principal architect of a boost of $2 billion in funding to the Na-tional Institutes of Health. This year, he is pushing hard for advances in men-tal health. So with this kind of bipar-tisan cooperation, we ought to be able to get a result in June or early July, and I am pledged to try to do that. I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, May 11, 2016] S
TREAMLINING MEDICINE AND SAVING LIVES (By Bill Frist & Tom Coburn) As doctors, patients and former U.S. sen-ators, we’ve seen firsthand how medical in-novation benefits patients. Those on our op-erating tables and in our practices—and we ourselves when we’ve needed medical care— have benefited from breakthroughs in science and newly approved treatments that translate into better health and longer lives. Yet, tragically, millions of Americans are still suffering and dying from untreatable diseases or the lack of better treatment op-tions. Now is the time to pass legislation that we know will safely speed treatments to patients in need. Lives are at stake. Before the Senate is a powerful medical-in-novation package of 19 bills—a companion to the House-approved 21st Century Cures Act— that will streamline the nation’s regulatory process for the discovery, development and delivery of safe and effective drugs and de-vices, bringing the process into the new cen-tury. Today, researchers and developers spend as much as $2 billion to bring a new drug or therapy to market and the regulatory proc-ess can take more than 10 years. That’s too long and too expensive for the five million Americans suffering from Alzheimer’s; the 1.6 million who will be diagnosed with cancer this year; the 60,000 Americans with Parkin-son’s; and the nearly 800,000 people who die from heart disease each year. This legislation, crafted by the Senate’s Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee, touches every American. Each of us has personal health battles or knows family members and friends who are fighting against devastating diseases. Passing this package will help ensure that patients’ per-spectives are integrated into the drug-devel-opment and approval process and speed up the development of new antibiotics and treatments for those who need them most. It will also give a big boost to President Obama’s cancer ‘‘moonshot’’ and his Preci-sion Medicine Initiative, which will map one million genomes and help researchers de-velop treatments for diseases more quickly. The U.S. has invested more than $30 billion in electronic health records over the past six years. Yet the majority of systems still are not able to routinely exchange patient infor-mation. This legislation will improve inter-operability and electronic-information shar-ing across health-care systems, playing a fundamental role in improving the cost, quality and outcome of care. It encourages the adoption of a common set of standards to improve information sharing. It also allows patients easier access to their own health records and makes those records more acces-sible to a patient’s entire health team so they can collaborate on treatment decisions. The legislation will also improve the Food and Drug Administration’s ability to hire and retain top scientific talent, which is vital to accelerating safe and effective treat-ments and cures. Additional provisions in the bills will improve the timeliness and ef-fectiveness of processes for developing im-portant combination products, such as a heart stent that releases medication into the body. Alzheimer’s is already the most expensive disease in America, and the number of people diagnosed with this debilitating neurological condition is expected to nearly triple to 13.8 million by 2050. This legislation will help ad-vance our understanding of neurological dis-eases and give researchers access to more data so they can discover new therapies and cures—giving families hope for the future. Collectively, these 19 bills are expected to deliver new, safe and effective treatments. Any political impediments to this should be overcome immediately. We believe, along with patients, providers, innovators and pol-icy makers, that the nation’s current process for developing and delivering drugs and de-vices to cure life-threatening diseases must change. Millions of patients and the medical com-munity are counting on Congress to help make that change. After 10 committee hear-ings and more than a year’s work crafting bi-partisan legislation, it’s time for a Senate vote. American lives depend on it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I men-tioned what incredible leadership Mr. A
LEXANDER , the Senator from Ten-nessee, provides on these issues. I was pleased, as he was pleased, and I know the Presiding Officer was also, that last year, for the first time in 12 years, we were able to have an increase in NIH research. The future statistics that the Sen-ator from Tennessee talked about on Alzheimer’s and other things can be disrupted. In fact, that 2050 number of twice the defense budget spent on Alz-heimer’s alone with tax money—if you could delay the onset of Alzheimer’s by an average of 5 years, you would reduce that number by 42 percent. So those re-search dollars not only have the im-pact we want to have on families and the individuals involved in that and other diseases we are dealing with now but also have an incredible impact on taxpayers, have an incredible impact on what we can do with the rest of the health care revolution that is occur-ring. The mental health effort the Senator from Michigan, Ms. S
TABENOW , and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.050 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3155 May 25, 2016 
were able to work on together a few years ago is about to produce at least eight States—and hopefully more— where, at the right kinds of facilities, mental health will be treated just like all other health. This Congress is talking about doing the right things. We are making impor-tant steps in that direction. Mr. President, I want to talk today about another thing that really im-pacts families—in this case, military families. I have this bill on my desk, the National Defense Authorization Act. I notice it is only on the desk of half of the Members of the Senate. Members on this side of the floor are ready to get to this bill and get this work done. Maybe there is a message on the other side of the floor that this bill is not there. We had hoped to get to it this week. We have not yet. But certainly we should get to it as soon we return to our work after the end of this week. In the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act—I am really glad that bill in-cludes the Military Family Stability Act, a measure that I introduced with Senator G
ILLIBRAND to provide more flexibility for military families. Today we have the most powerful military in the world, but we also recognize that our military men and women do not serve alone. The former Chief of Staff of the Army, GEN Ray Odierno, often said that the strength of our Nation is in our military, but the strength of our military is in its families. So our mili-tary families need to be understood, recognized, appreciated, helped. Those families have changed a lot over the years. They have sacrificed much. In the last 15 years, those fami-lies have dealt with persistent conflicts somewhere in the world and the likeli-hood of deployment to that conflict. But more importantly, the stress that puts on those families generally is what matters to them—maybe not more importantly in the greater con-text of what is going on but very im-portant to them. More military spouses are working today than ever before. In the world we live in today, this is good news. But all too often, military spouses sacrifice their own careers to meet the needs of the spouse who is in the service. Fre-quent redeployments, frequent deploy-ments, and frequent relocations really have an impact on those careers. According to a study done by the Military Officers Association of Amer-ica, 90 percent of military spouses— that is more than 600,000 men and women—are either unemployed or un-deremployed. More than half cite the concerns about their spouse’s service and the deterrent of moving from job to job—a deterrent not only for em-ployers but a deterrent in that they sometimes have a hard time having the kind of recognition for the skills they bring to a new State or a new location that they need. It is unfair to our military families for the spouse to needlessly have prob-lems that could be avoided. Clearly, if you decide to pursue a military ca-reer—and that, by necessity, means re-location from time to time—this is not going to be the same career as if you went to work and you had every likeli-hood that you would work there for the next several years. These frequent and sometimes abrupt relocations take a heavy toll on stu-dents as well. Research shows that stu-dents who move at least six times be-tween the 1st and 12th grades are 35 percent more likely to fail a grade. I am not sure that exact research applies to military families. That is an overall number of what happens when people move. But the average military family will move six to nine times during a child’s time in school—three times more often than the nonmilitary fam-ily. These relocations of military fami-lies means that we need to find a better way to deal with those challenges for working families, and the Military Family Stability Act does that. The costs of needlessly maintaining two residences so that someone can finish school or someone can complete a job are the kinds of things that this act and this inclusion in the National De-fense Authorization Act gives us a chance to deal with in a different way. It would allow families to either stay at the current duty station for up to 6 months longer than they otherwise would be able to stay or to leave and go to a new location sooner. This probably is most easily under-stood in the context of school. If you only have a month left in school and your family could stay there while the person serving in the military goes ahead to the next post and is respon-sible for their own housing during the time they are there as a single serving individual—often they are going to find space available on the post itself for one person while the family stays until that school year works out better. A job could be the same. One person we had who came and testified—Mia, who now lives in Rolla, MO—is married to a soldier who was being reassigned from Hawaii to Fort Leonard Wood, MO. That reassignment was supposed to occur in June, so she applied for a Ph.D. program at St. Louis University that would begin in August. She ap-plied for a teaching position at Mis-souri Science and Technology at Rolla that would begin in August. Then her husband’s transfer did not happen in June and it did not happen in July, but she needed to be there in August. Under this change, moving the fam-ily household could easily occur in Au-gust and her husband could follow in October, as he did, but all of the ex-pense of her going early was on her. She really had two options: One was to not pursue her graduate school class when it started, and the other was to not have a teaching job. Neither of those was a very good option. She went ahead and moved. Her husband essen-tially couch-surfed, but they had to pay for the move rather than the way that normally would have happened. This would not have to happen other-wise. When Senator GILLIBRAND and I in-troduced this bill last year, we were also joined by Elizabeth O’Brien, who coached Division 1 college basketball for 11 years, with stints at West Point, Hofstra University, and the University of Hawaii. But she married into the Army, and because of the lack of flexi-bility, she gave up her coaching career. The story she wanted to tell that day was that when she and her family were in Germany, where her husband was serving, her two children were in a Ger-man public school. They needed 2 more months to finish that year in the Ger-man public school. There really wasn’t a very good transition when he was sent back to the Pentagon. There were no German public schools where they could have finished the classes in the Washington area. Basically, they wound up having to finish that year as home schoolers and then start another year the next year. It would have been very easy for him to move on ahead, if that is what the family wanted to do, and for the family to stay in Germany for 2 months so the children could finish that school year in a way that it couldn’t possibly be finished anywhere else, and then the family would move. That is the kind of thing that would happen under this legislation. The day after we introduced this leg-islation, I happened to be hosting a breakfast for people who are supportive of Fort Leonard Wood and working at Fort Leonard Wood. I sat down at a table with two officers. One of their wives, a retired master sergeant, men-tioned that we had proposed this legis-lation the day before. All three of them immediately had a story about how this would have benefited their family if at some time at a specific moment in their career, they could have stayed another 30 days or if the family could have gone forward 30 days earlier. I am proud this bill has widespread support, including from the National Military Family Association, the Mili-tary Officers Association of America, the Military Child Education Coali-tion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, Iraq And Afghani-stan Veterans of America, Blue Star Families, the National Guard Associa-tion, and the Veterans Support Foun-dation. After more than a decade of active engagement around the world, frankly, at a time when military families have a lot more challenges than military families may have had at an earlier time, this is exactly what we ought to do. We have had hearings on other issues over the last year. Over and over again, I have asked people who were testi-fying, representing the military, what they think about this. Usually these are admirals and general officers. In all cases, a story from their career imme-diately comes to mind. Universally, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.051 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3156 May 25, 2016 
they say: We have to treat families dif-ferent than we used to treat families because too often the failure to do that means we are losing some of our most highly skilled people, who are still willing to serve but are no longer will-ing to put an unnecessary burden on their spouse or their children. The Military Family Stability Act goes a long way toward removing one of those unnecessary burdens. I am cer-tainly pleased to see it included in the National Defense Authorization Act and look forward to dealing with this important bill at the earliest possible date. I see Senator I
SAKSON on the floor, and I yield to him. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Georgia. 
MEMORIAL DAY  
Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, as chairman of the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, I thank Senator C
ASEY of Pennsylvania for giving me a couple of minutes to come to the floor of the Senate to pay tribute, preceding Memorial Day, to those men and women—less than 1 percent of our pop-ulation—who have sacrificed, fought, and died on behalf of the people of the United States of America. We would not be where we are today had it not been for veterans who died on the bat-tlefield so we could have free speech, democracy in government, and so our people could peacefully decide whom their leaders were and leave it up to us to lead the country. I want to put a personal face on Me-morial Day for just a moment. First, I wish to talk about a guy named Tommy Nguyen. Tommy Nguyen is my legislative staffer on military affairs information. He volun-teered for the U.S. Army Guard. He went to Fort Benning, GA, and grad-uated No. 1 in his class. You know what that means at Fort Benning. Right now he is deployed in Afghanistan and has been deployed for the past 5 months. While we sit here in peace and rel-ative security in our country, people like Tommy are protecting us all over. I am grateful for Tommy. He is in my prayers every night. He is exemplary of all the other people who have gone be-fore us and sacrificed. I wish to mention three people who are gone and aren’t here any more, but they are the faces of Memorial Day, as far as I am concerned. I honor them at this time. The first is Jackson Elliott Cox III. Jackson Elliott Cox III is from Waynesboro, GA, Burke County, the bird dog capital of south Georgia. He was my best friend at the University of Georgia in the 1960s. One night he came into the fraternity house—in his junior year, my senior year—and sat down be-side me and a few other guys at the dinner table and said: Guys, I just did something this afternoon. I volun-teered to go to OCS in the U.S. Marine Corps, go to Parris Island, and fight in Vietnam for the United States of America. We all did the first thing all of you would do. We said: Well, Jack, have you thought this through? Is this real-ly what you think you ought to do? He said: You know, I have had every-thing as a young man to age 22. It is time that I fought to help defend the United States of America. I am going to become a marine officer, I am going to Vietnam, and I am going to help the United States win. Jack did become an officer, and he did go to Vietnam. In the 12th month of his 13-month tour, he was killed by a sniper. Alex Crumbley, Pierre How-ard, who was later the Lieutenant Gov-ernor of the State of Georgia, and I spent a week with his family as we waited for his body to come back from Southeast Asia. The most meaningful afternoon of my life was the afternoon we sat up with Jack and his mother and father reminiscing about all the good times but deep down in our hearts knowing all the good times that would never be for Jack Cox because he had sacrificed the ultimate sacrifice for me, for you, and for all America. Second, I wish to talk about LT Noah Harris, the Beanie Baby soldier in Iraq. Noah Harris was a cheerleader his jun-ior year at the University of Georgia. He cheered on the Saturday before 9/11/ 2001. As everybody did, he watched the horror of the attack that day and all the people who were killed. He went down to the ROTC building at the University of Georgia and he said: I want to volunteer to go after whoever those people were who at-tacked America in New York City. The head officer said: Well, son, it is at least a 2-year commitment in ROTC, and you only have a year and a half to go. We cannot take you. He said: I will make up the difference if you let me volunteer. I want to be-come an officer. I want to go after them, and I want to find them wher-ever they are. The Army relented. Noah Harris vol-unteered. He went to OCS, and he went to Iraq in the surge on behalf of the United States of America. He became known as the Beanie Baby because he took Beanie Babies in his pockets and he won over the children of Iraq by handing out the Beanie Babies as he dodged bullets and put himself in harm’s way. About 6 months into his tour, he was hit by an IED while in a humvee. Noah Harris was killed that day in Iraq, and we have missed him ever since. To his father Rick and his mother Lucy—God bless them. Noah was an only child, and his memory is burned deep in their hearts and deep in my mind. They are so proud of what he did for you, for me, and for all of America. Lastly, I wish to talk about Roy C. Irwin. These three people are the faces of why we have Memorial Day. I get emo-tional because I went to the Margraten Cemetery in the Netherlands a few years ago as a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee to pay tribute to those soldiers who died in the Battle of the Bulge and the Battle of Normandy. Margraten in the Netherlands is where most of the soldiers who were not brought home from the Battle of the Bulge are buried. On that Memorial Day in Margraten, my wife and I walked between the graves, stopping at each one, looking at the name, and saying a brief prayer for the soldier and a family. Then all of a sudden, in row 17, at grave No. 861, I stopped dead in my tracks and I looked down and saw on the white cross: Roy C. Irwin, New Jersey, Private, U.S. Army, 12/28/44. Roy C. Irwin died on December 28, 1944, in the Battle of the Bulge. That was the day I was born. So there I was, a U.S. Senator looking at the grave of someone who died on the day I was born so I could be a U.S. Senator 64 years later. That is what the ultimate sacrifice is all about. Selflessly, these people went into harm’s way, fought for Americans, fought for liberty, fought for peace, and fought for prosperity. So every-thing we do today we owe in large measure to them—a small percentage of our population but a population that loves America and America’s people. So this Monday when you are at the lake or at the beach or with your grandchildren, wherever you might be, stop a minute, grab the hand of one of your grandchildren, and just bow and say a brief prayer, because going before all of us were men and women who vol-unteered and lost their lives so you and I can do what we are doing today. We live in the greatest country on the face of this Earth. You don’t ever find anybody trying to break out of the United States of America; they are all trying to break in. If there is a single reason that differentiates us from ev-erybody else—when duty calls, we go and we fight. As Colin Powell said in the U.N., be-fore the request for the surge was ap-proved, America has gone to every con-tinent on Earth, sent her sons and daughters to fight for democracy, lib-erty, and peace, and when we have left, all we have asked for is a couple of acres to bury our dead. I had the chance to walk a couple of those acres in Margraten, the Nether-lands, and stand at the grave of Roy C. Irwin, who died the same day I was born. That memory is burned indelibly in my heart and indelibly in my mind, and I will always remember Roy C. Irwin. I never knew him, I never met him, and I never saw him, but I know his spirit. His spirit is the spirit of the United States of America. This Monday, I hope God will bless each of you. Have a wonderful vacation and a wonderful holiday. But I hope you will pause and say thanks for the men and women who made it possible for you to do what you do today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.052 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3157 May 25, 2016 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I wish to first say that we appreciate the mes-sage Senator I
SAKSON just gave to the Senate and, by extension, to the coun-try. We are grateful for those remarks in the lead-up to Memorial Day. 
MINERS PROTECTION ACT  
Madam President, I rise to talk about coal miners and the promise— the obligation the U.S. Government has to coal miners on a range of issues but especially when it comes to their pensions and their health care. Many Americans remember Stephen Crane as the author of the novel ‘‘The Red Badge of Courage,’’ but he also wrote something that probably not many Americans have read, but I have because it was about a coal mine near my hometown of Scranton. He wrote it just before the turn of the last century. For me, the pertinent parts were in terms of his description of what a coal mine looks like and all the dangers that are in that kind of work. His words in describing a mine were as fol-lows. In describing the mine, he de-scribed it as a place of ‘‘inscrutable darkness, a soundless place of tangible loneliness,’’ and then he went on to catalog in horrific detail all the ways that a miner could be killed or could be adversely impacted by his work. I am thinking about those dangers today when I speak about what coal miners have been through over many generations and what they confront today because of the pension issue we are going to discuss today. I am grate-ful to be joined by Senator M
ANCHIN of West Virginia, Senator B
ROWN of Ohio, Senator W
ARNER of Virginia, and Sen-ator W
YDEN of Oregon. Senator W
YDEN , as the leader of the Democrats on the Finance Committee, worked to have a hearing on this issue. It was in March, and I had the pleasure at that time of meeting two Pennsyl-vania coal miners, Tony Brusnak of Masontown, PA, which is in Fayette County, and Dave Vansickle of Smith-field, PA, also in Fayette County. Tony and Dave came to Washington to at-tend the Finance Committee hearing on pensions. I commend Senator W
YDEN for helping us have that hearing and also for his work in negotiating with Chairman H
ATCH to hold that hearing and his continued efforts to get a markup in committee. Those of us who attended the hearing heard United Mine Workers president Cecil Roberts testify about that prom-ise I referred to before, the promise this Nation made to our coal miners, and how the Miners Protection Act carries out or carries through on that promise. It is one of the ways to fulfill that promise we made to coal miners. At the time of that hearing, they were joined by mine workers from West Virginia, Ohio, Virginia, and Alabama on that particular day. As I mentioned, Tony Brusnak from Fayette County had a 40-year work life in the mines, starting in the 1970s at J&L in Bobtown, PA. He is a member of the United Mine Workers Local 2300, and he is still active. He works at the harbor as a dockman now, and he is also a veteran. Dave Vansickle began working in the coal mines about the same time, maybe a few months before Tony, so they are both 40-year miners. Dave worked at the Cumberland Mine and is a member of the United Mine Workers, Local 2300, as is Tony. Over his 40 years in the mine, Dave Vansickle has had numer-ous jobs, ranging from 20 years work-ing on the long wall—miners know what that is—to working at the prep plant and also doing a range of other work in the mine. Dave Vansickle lost a finger doing that work, and he lost partial use of his right hand as well as several other fingers. So there is a price that has been paid by him and so many others. These are very difficult jobs, and we know the men and women—women, I should add—who descend into the depths and the darkness of these mines assume a substantial personal risk and they work long hours. They stay in these jobs as long as they do, in part, because they have been given a prom-ise—a promise by our government— that when they retire, they will have a pension and, most importantly, they will also have good health insurance so they are covered for the ailments they have sustained over the years of serv-ice. The Miners Protection Act, which Senator MANCHIN and I have intro-duced, along with a bipartisan coali-tion of Senators, allows excess amounts from the Abandoned Mine Lands Fund to be used to preserve both coal miner pensions and retiree health care, as needed. In Pennsylvania, we have more than 12,000 mine workers who are impacted by this—to be exact, 12,951 mine work-ers in Pennsylvania who are counting on us to pass this legislation. Here is the breakdown in some of our counties: just about 2,500 in Cambria County, PA, where Johnstown is; about 2,100 in Fayette County, where Tony and Dave have lived and worked; 1,900 in Indiana County; 1,500 in Washington County; and 1,000 in Westmoreland County. Without passage of this legislation, something on the order of 20,000 retir-ees and 5,000 Pennsylvanians, their de-pendents or widows could lose their promised lifetime retiree health care within a matter of months. Without the legislation, the United Mine Workers Act 1974 Pension Plan, which is the largest of the plans in the country, providing pensions to nearly 90,000 pensioners across the country and of course their surviving spouses, could be on an irreversible path to in-solvency by next year. Our coal miner men and women live on small pensions, averaging just $530 per month, plus Social Security. They rely greatly on the health care benefit they have negotiated and earned through their years of hard work in the coal mines. So these aren’t just num-bers, these are people. These are fami-lies who have worked very hard for Pennsylvania and worked very hard for our country. They have children and they have grandchildren. The Federal Government made them a promise and we must not rest until we fulfill that promise. In 1990, a Federal blue-ribbon com-mission, the so-called Coal Commis-sion, established by then-Secretary of Labor Elizabeth Dole, found that ‘‘re-tired miners have legitimate expecta-tions of health care benefits for life; that was the promise they received during their working lives, and that is how they planned their retirement years. That commitment should be honored.’’ So said Secretary Dole’s Commission in 1990. It is important to note that the 1974 plan I mentioned has been well man-aged, with investment returns over the last 10 years averaging 8.2 percent per year. So despite being about 93 percent funded just before the financial crisis in 2008, losses sustained during the fi-nancial crisis placed the 1974 pension plan on the path to insolvency. That is because the financial crisis hit at a time when this plan had its highest payment obligations. That, coupled with the fact that 60 percent of the beneficiaries are orphan retirees whose employers are no longer in the coal business and the fact that there are only 10,000 active workers for 120,000 re-tirees, has helped to place the plan on the road to insolvency. The 1974 plan’s Actuary projects the plan will become insolvent in the years 2025–2026, absent passage of the Miners Protection Act. So we need to pass this legislation. We have made it very clear to Senators in both parties and more recently to the majority leader that we need to get this done. By making small adjustments to ex-isting law, the bill will allow us to ful-fill that obligation, that promise I spoke of earlier. At the same time, even as we are working to pass the miners’ pension legislation, we also have to be mindful of—and I will not spend time today talking about this in detail—and keep working on miner safety and of course those affected ad-versely by black lung. So whether it is safety and health, health care itself, or whether it is re-tiree benefits of any kind—but espe-cially the promise we made to miners with regard to their pensions—we have an obligation. This body needs to get on a track to pass this legislation be-fore we leave in July. I am honored to be part of this coali-tion, and I certainly thank and com-mend and salute the work done by Sen-ator M
ANCHIN . I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\S25MY6.REC S25MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3158 May 25, 2016 
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, let me first of all say thanks to my dear friend Senator C
ASEY from Pennsyl-vania. If you don’t come from a coal- mining region or a coal-mining State, you probably don’t understand the cul-ture of coal mining, the people who do this work, and the families who sup-port them. It might be hard to explain it, but we are going to try to give you a picture of the most patriotic people in America. What I mean by that is they have done the heavy lifting. They have done everything that has been asked of them by this country to basically make us the greatest country on Earth—the su-perpower of the world, if you will. That has been because of the energy we have had domestically in our backyard and the people willing to harvest that for us. So when you look at this country and you look at how we are treating people who have done the job and heavy lift-ing for over 100 years, the coal miners in West Virginia feel this way: They feel like the returning veterans from Vietnam, the returning servicemen who came from Vietnam—a war that was not appreciated and soldiers who were treated less than honorably for doing the job they did in serving their country. Americans now want to cast them aside. It is just unfair—totally unfair. This country was so dependent upon this industry that in 1947—which will be 70 years tomorrow—President Harry S. Truman and John L. Lewis, head of the United Mine Workers—and back then, in the 1940s, anybody who mined coal was a member of the United Mine Workers of America because it was all unionized—made a commitment and a promise they would get their benefits. It would be their health care, and they would get their pensions, which were so meager—so meager—just to keep work-ing and to keep the country energized after World War II. If they had shut down and gone on strike, the country would have fallen on extremely hard times coming off of World War II. That is how important this is. It is the only agreement where you have an Executive order by a President com-mitting the United States of America to keeping its promise to our coal min-ers doing a job that made our country as great as we are today. Yet here we are, about ready to default on that, and we can’t get people to move on it for whatever reason. The miners are facing multiple pres-sures on their health care, pension, and benefits as a result of the financial cri-sis and corporate bankruptcy. This is not because of something they have mismanaged themselves. As we heard Senator C
ASEY mention, the 1974 pen-sion plan was 94 percent funded, which is extremely healthy and solvent, up until 2008, when the financial collapse happened. It was not their fault, but now they are thrown into disarray. Most of the people still collecting these pensions are widows. A lot of the husbands have died from black lung. These people are depending on a very meager amount of support for any type of quality of life, and we have it paid for also. We have had it paid for. We are talking about the excess AML money that could basically take care of this. Also, there is another pay-for. There is a $5 billion fine that Goldman Sachs paid the DOJ for their financial shenanigans during this financial col-lapse that could go to pay for this. I mean, it is Wall Street that caused the problem. It wasn’t the miners, basi-cally the miners’ pension fund or the plan that was being managed at all. When you couple this with the fact that 60 percent of the beneficiaries are orphan retirees, which has been ex-plained, and that we have 10,000 active workers for 120,000 retirees, that has placed the plan on the road to insol-vency. I think everyone understands that. The Miners Protection Act is not only important to all miners in all States—my good friend here Senator WARNER from Virginia has a tremen-dous mining community in Southwest Virginia, along with our entire State. Pennsylvania is the home of anthracite coal. The coal industry really got started there. We have Senator B
ROWN  in Southeast Ohio, which butts up to West Virginia and is a major mining area. So it is important to my State and all the other States that have re-tired miners. People are asking about the non-union. I am concerned about the non-union miners, and I will do everything and commit myself to helping them also, but if we can’t even keep our com-mitment to the United Mine Workers of America that was basically signed by President Harry S. Truman in 1947, we are not sincere or intent on helping anybody. This is something that must be done and must be done immediately. I have said that, and I have been preaching this, so I hope we all come to our senses and do something as quickly as possible about this. These retirees—as far as basically their medical, runs out the end of this year. The following year they lose their pensions too. That is how des-perate this is and what we are dealing with. To address these issues the Miners Protection Act would simply do this: It would amend the Surface Mining Con-trol and Reclamation Act to transfer funds in excess of the amounts needed to meet existing obligations under the Abandoned Mine Land Fund to the UMWA 1974 Pension Plan to prevent its insolvency; second, make certain retir-ees who lose health care benefits fol-lowing the bankruptcy or insolvency of his or her employer eligible for the 1993 Benefit Plan. These assets of Vol-untary Employment Benefit Associa-tion, created following the Patriot Coal bankruptcy—and if you don’t know about the Patriot Coal bankruptcy, I will give you a minute or two on this one. Patriot Coal came out of Peabody. Peabody spun Patriot off and put all of their liabilities—all of their liabil-ities—which were basically doomed to fail, into Patriot. They threw all of the union workers into this liability. And guess what. They went bankrupt. It went bankrupt. It was designed to go bankrupt so they could be shed of all the liabilities. It is our responsibility to keep the promise to our miners who have an-swered the call whenever their country needed them. They have never failed us. When our country went to war, these miners powered us to prosperity. A lot of these young people we have here today don’t understand that basi-cally coal mining was so important to this country, when we entered World War II, if you were a coal miner, it was more important for you to stay and mine the coal to power the country— the coal that made the steel, that built the guns and ships—than it was to go on the frontlines and fight. They were on the frontlines every day. They never left the frontlines. When our economy was stagnant, the miners fueled its growth and expan-sion. After the war, there was so much buildup, the economy started dipping. You had to continue to work and produce in order to make that happen, and we needed energy to do that, so the coal miners did that. They kept their promise to us, and now it is time for us to keep our prom-ise to them. We need to honor the com-mitment. We need to honor the Execu-tive order signed by the United States of America to make sure they get their pension and make sure they get their health care. Senator C
ASEY and I introduced the Robert C. Byrd Mine Safety Protection Act to, among other things, make it a felony for mine operators to knowingly violate safety standards. Six years and 1 day after 29 brave miners were tragically killed at the Upper Big Branch Mine in West Vir-ginia, former Massey Energy CEO Don Blankenship received 1 year in prison, the maximum allowable sentence, for willfully conspiring to violate mine safety standards. Put simply, the penalty does not fit the crime committed there, and we aim to change that. I stood with the fami-lies of the beloved miners in the days following the devastating tragedy at Upper Big Branch. Through moments of hope and despair, I witnessed again and again the unbreakable bonds of family that are as strong or stronger than anything I have ever seen. While no sentence or amount of jail time will ever heal the hearts of the families who have been forever devastated, I believe we have a responsibility to do every-thing we can in Congress to ensure that a tragedy like this never, ever happens again. I thank Senators C
ASEY , B ROWN , W
ARNER , W YDEN , and all of my col-leagues for putting these miners first and keeping the promise that we made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.056 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3159 May 25, 2016 
to them. It is vitally important that we hold executives who are willing to put the health and lives of our workers at risk accountable for their actions. We must hold everybody responsible. We must hold ourselves responsible first to do the right thing. That is what we are standing here talking about today. If we don’t stand up for the peo-ple who basically have stood up and de-fended us, powered a nation and did the heavy lifting and if we can’t keep the promise that was made 70 years ago, then God help us in the Senate and the Congress. I hope we do step up and do the right thing. I tell all of my colleagues that this is not a partisan issue. This is truly bipartisan. This is truly bipar-tisan. These people work for all of us, not just for part of us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I am pleased to join my friends—Senator C
ASEY , who led this debate; Senator M
ANCHIN , who has worked on this legis-lation and devoted much of his career to the people that go down into the mines and provide the coal and elec-tricity for much of the eastern half of the United States; Senator W
ARNER , for his work with Senator C
ASEY and Senator W
YDEN on the Finance Com-mittee. Thanks to all of them. I want to talk about two pension issues starting with what happened 2 weeks ago, when hundreds of thousands of Teamsters and their families re-ceived exciting news that the U.S. Treasury was rejecting the Central States Pension Fund’s plan to cut the pensions and benefits they had earned through a lifetime of hard work. This was a win for all of us who urged Treas-ury to reject these cuts. More impor-tantly, it was a win for the thousands of union members, their families, their supporters, and their friends who worked so hard to protect what their union had spent decades fighting for. That rejection, to be sure, is not the end of the fight for the benefits that workers have earned. It was just the latest battle in the fight to protect workers’ pensions. While Central States’ 47,000 Team-sters in my State and tens of thousands in other States may have gotten a re-prieve, we have more work to do. As Senator M
ANCHIN just spoke about, our Nation’s retired coal miners are on the brink of losing their health care and retirement savings, and it is within the power of Congress to pull them back. The health care and pension plans of the United Mine Workers of America cover some 100,000 mine workers, about 7,000 of them living in my State, most-ly in Southeast Ohio. The plans were almost completely funded before the fi-nancial collapse in 2008, but the indus-try and its pension funds were dev-astated by the recession. The plan has too few assets, too few employers, and too few union workers now paying in. If Congress fails to act, thousands of retired miners could lose their health care this year, and the entire plan could fail as early as next year. This would be devastating for retired mine workers, like my constituent, Norm Skinner. I met Norm in March before a Fi-nance Committee hearing on pension plans that are under threat. Norm is a veteran. He started working as a miner for what became Peabody Coal in 1973. He worked for 22 years and retired in 1994. For every one of those years, he earned and contributed to his retiree health care plan and his pension plan. Since he retired, Norm has had near-ly constant health challenges—not that unusual for people who work in some of the most dangerous conditions in American business. He had triple by-pass surgery in 2010. Three years later, they inserted stents, and he had angioplasty. Norm told me that 60 per-cent of his colleagues at the mine have died of cancer because of the chemi-cals. When they closed the mine, teams of people wearing hazmat suits came in to clean it. His entire shovel crew has died of cancer. Some were in their fif-ties when they passed away. But now, after putting in decades in this dan-gerous mine, Norm is in danger of los-ing the health care that has kept him alive. I also met with David Dilly, who worked in the same SIMCO mine. David is also a veteran, and he worked for 14 years at the mine before it closed down in 1989. He was a UMWA member, even serving as president of Local 1188 for a couple of years, and he serves as recording secretary still. Mining is hard, backbreaking work. It is dangerous. It is dangerous every day in the mine. It is dangerous for the air and the chemicals that mine work-ers ingest. They knew that when they signed up for the job. But that work has dignity. It is crucial to us and in our national interest as a country. It is a dignity rooted in providing security and opportunity for their family. We used to have a covenant in this country that said: If you work hard, if you put in the hours, if you contribute to retirement and your health care, you will be able to support yourself and your family. What they are doing is giving up union negotiations and also giving up wages today to take care of themselves and their family in later years so that government or friends or other family members don’t have to. What is more honorable than that? It is what made this country great. It is what built the middle class. So when earned benefits like collectively bar-gained pensions and health care can be cut, we are going back on a funda-mental promise that our country has made to tens of millions of American workers. There is a bipartisan solution pro-posed by the two Senators from West Virginia and supported by leaders in both parties. The bill uses the interest and surplus from an existing source of money, the Abandoned Mines Reclama-tion Fund, and funnels that money into the health care and pension plans. This is a fund for reclaiming the land of re-tired coal mines. So it makes sense to use the surplus to support retired coal mine workers and their families. If this bipartisan legislation was brought to the floor today, it would pass with an overwhelming majority. It is time for the Senate to act. This leg-islation has been blocked by one Re-publican leader in this body. The sup-port of Senator WYDEN , Senator W AR-
NER, and Senator C ASEY and in the committee seems to be unanimous from the chairman on down. We are just looking to the Republican leader to give us a vote on this because we are absolutely certain it would pass. Miners worked in dangerous condi-tions their entire lives to put food on the table, to send their kids to college, and to help power this country. I have worn on my lapel a pin given to me at a workers’ memorial day in the late 1990s, on an April day, where we were memorialized workers who had been killed or injured on the job in the steel industry. This is a depiction of a ca-nary in a birdcage. In the early 1900s, the mine workers would take a canary down in the mines. If a canary died be-cause of lack of oxygen or toxic gas, the mine workers knew they had to get out of the mine. Yet, in those days, there was no union strong enough to protect them and they had no govern-ment that cared enough to protect them. We are in the situation today where it is up to us to be that canary. It is up to us to provide for those work-ers—who have earned these pensions, who have earned this health care for themselves and, in far too many cases, for their widows—and to step up and do the right thing. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I am proud to stand here with my colleagues and friends—Senator M
ANCHIN from West Virginia, Senator C
ASEY from Pennsylvania, Senator B
ROWN from Ohio, and, shortly after me, Senator W
YDEN from Oregon—to echo what has already been said. Senator B
ROWN said it best. He wears that canary pin. If we don’t act now, if we don’t hear that call and respond to it, then the basic promise and premise that so much of our country is founded on will really be crushed. I join my colleagues in standing up and urging the Senate to pass the Min-ers Protection Act. We have mines— just as in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West Virginia—in southwest Virginia. Quite honestly, I think, as do my colleagues, that no one fully understands what it is like to mine coal until you have been underground, until you see the enor-mous challenges and conditions that men and women—mostly men—worked under for decades to power our Nation. Senator M
ANCHIN often recites the history of this proud industry. But that industry has gone through dramatic changes. Some of those changes are due 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.057 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3160 May 25, 2016 
to activities of certain companies that may or may not have been responsible. Some of these changes are because of a desire of many of us, frankly, on this side of the aisle, to make sure that we find cleaner ways to use energy. In a way, that is good. But it has meant that many of these coal companies and many of these operators that continue to mine what powered America are under enormous fiscal stress. The re-sult is not enough miners, coal compa-nies that went bankrupt, and, unfortu-nately, the pension funds that would protect these miners are now in jeop-ardy. So now, through no fault of their own, these workers who have sacrificed their bodies, their health, and their livelihoods—when it comes to the U.S. Government to uphold our end of the deal to make sure that these workers or, more specifically, as my colleagues have pointed out, more often it is their widows, as so many of these miners have passed on due to things like black lung disease—are going to get the health care and pensions that were promised and whether we are going to be able to honor that commitment. The UMWA 1974 Pension Fund affects about 100,000 miners and close to 10,000 in the Commonwealth of Virginia. They are looking to us and whether we are going to honor our commitment. As Senator B
ROWN mentioned, I met a number of these miners, who are di-rect beneficiaries, when we had our most recent hearing. Many of these miners I had worked with and sup-ported when I was Governor of Vir-ginia, and I saw the challenges their communities had gone through. If we don’t do our job, these communities that have been hard hit all throughout Appalachia—if these widows don’t get the health care and their pensions, communities that have already been devastated will be further devastated. If we allow this pension fund to go bankrupt and go insolvent, it will put additional strains on the PBGC, which is already under enormous strain. The truth is, as Senator M
ANCHIN has pointed out, there is a solution, and there is funding available for this miner pension act. It is critically im-portant that we act. It is critically im-portant, morally and economically. I would ask any of my colleagues to speak to any of these widows and ex-plain why we wouldn’t keep our end of the bargain when, come the end of this year, if we don’t act, these health care benefits will disappear. I hope we will act on this bipartisan legislation. The Senator from Ohio has indicated it would pass this body overwhelmingly. I appreciate all of my colleagues’ work. I see and turn the floor over to the ranking member of the Senate Fi-nance Committee. He doesn’t have a lot of coal in Oregon, but he under-stands that, when a commitment is made—particularly a commitment that was initially made by the President of the United States, President Truman, back in 1946—those commitments need to be honored. I look forward to con-tinuing to work with his leadership to get this legislation out of the Finance Committee, get it to the floor of the Senate, get it passed, and make sure these miners’ and their widows’ health care pensions are honored. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Virginia, Senator CASEY , Senator B ROWN , and Senator M
ANCHIN . They have been relentless in putting this issue of justice for the miners in front of the Finance Com-mittee. Week after week, month after month, they have been saying: When is this going to get done? When is the Con-gress—particularly the Senate—going to step up and meet the needs that these workers richly deserve to have addressed? We have had this docu-mented again and again. I heard Sen-ator C
ASEY talk about it—how difficult this work is. We have had that put in front of the Senate Finance Com-mittee. Yet there has been no action. Senator W
ARNER is right—my home State of Oregon does not mine coal. We do have a lot of communities with economies that over the years have been driven by natural resources. They have been up and down the boom-and- bust roller coaster. A lot of those com-munities are experiencing the very same kind of economic pain you see in the mining towns Senator C
ASEY and our colleagues represent. You don’t turn your backs on work-ers and retirees in these struggling communities, these struggling mining towns, just because the times are tough. These workers have earned their pensions. They have earned their health care benefits. But the fact is, if Congress does not act soon, all of this could be taken away. There is a broader crisis in multi-em-ployer pensions that I have talked about on the floor and in the Finance Committee. Part of this crisis goes back to a bad law that passed, over my opposition, in 2014. It gave a green light to slashing benefits for retirees and multi-employer pension plans. It said that it was OK to go back on the deal companies made with their work-ers and to take away benefits—benefits people had earned through years of hard work. So there are a lot of seniors now walking an economic tightrope every day, and this law threatens to make their lives even harder. Now you have the mine workers’ pen-sions—the pensions Senator C
ASEY and colleagues have been talking about—in such immediate danger, there is enor-mous financial pressure being put on the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion. That is because the Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation is an eco-nomic backstop for millions of retirees. It insures the pensions belonging to mine workers and more than 40 million Americans. But the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation is in danger of insolvency if the Congress doesn’t step up and find a solution for the troubles facing multi-employer pension plans. And fixing the mine workers’ pension plan is a critical component of any so-lution for the Pension Benefit Guar-anty Corporation’s insurance program. If you don’t come up with a solution there, you are going to put in place a prescription for trouble for generations of retired workers across the country. Senator MANCHIN has worked strenu-ously for this cause, reaching across the aisle to Senator C
APITO . I men-tioned my colleagues on the Finance Committee. There is now a bipartisan proposal ready to go to protect retired mine workers’ health benefits and bol-ster their pension plan. It would stave off the threat of financial ruin for more than 100,000 workers and their families and would help safeguard the Pension Benefits Guaranty Corporation and the millions of Americans who count on it to insure their livelihoods. We under-stand that if you want to do something important in the Senate, it has to be bipartisan, so we have reached out to the majority to find a way to advance this proposal. The mine workers are not facing some imaginary policy deadline. Their livelihoods are on the line. Their health care is on the line. The eco-nomic security of entire communities is on the line. So it is time for the Con-gress to step up. I again thank my colleagues. I wish to note that I have some addi-tional remarks to make, and I am going to wait to give those remarks be-cause I understand Senator H
EITKAMP , Senator D
ONNELLY , and Senator C OATS  are going to go beforehand. I see our friend from North Dakota on her feet. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, let me add my voice to those of my col-leagues who have come here to plead the case for mine workers and for eq-uity for widows, equity for people who have worked their entire lives with their hands and now have their future jeopardized by the lack of attention to this critical issue of their pensions. 
STUDENT DEBT  
Mr. President, I rise today to talk about another very important middle- class economic issue and one that we have been talking about ever since I got here; that is, the overwhelming burden of student debt. Earlier this week I spoke at Envision 2030 in Bismarck. It was a convening of academic and political leaders in my State to discuss the needs of students who will be embarking on and grad-uating from college in the next 15 years. Incredible amounts of time was spent on college affordability. I chal-lenged many of the education leaders to take a look at what it is going to take to reduce costs so that students do not have to borrow so much money as they are pursuing their higher edu-cation opportunities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.058 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3161 May 25, 2016 
Like the rest of the country, North Dakota’s students are getting bogged down in debt before they even graduate from college. This debt impacts their futures, their families, and their com-munities. I would argue that this debt is endan-gering the economic viability of our country. According to the Institute for College Access and Success, the aver-age amount of student debt a person in North Dakota owes has now risen above $27,000. North Dakota students have some of the highest rates of in-debtedness in the country, as 83 per-cent of the class of 2011 graduated with some form of debt. That is more than any other State in the country for that year. Across the country, these statistics paint a bleak picture. I want to point that out as we are looking at debt and what debt can do to an economy. Cer-tainly, we talk a lot about the debt we have in this country. If you take a look at this chart, you will understand that this peak in debt here is really right after the debt crisis. There was rising consumer debt in credit cards. Here is student loans. This is mortgage debt, obviously, at a peak. This is auto loan debt. Notice this: Everything went down and has come down in terms of debt— percentage of balance that is 90 days or more delinquent—except one category, and that is student loan debt. We like to tell the story honestly. These people who have credit card debt and mortgage debt are not deadbeats; they want to pay their obligations. These students also want to pay, but they are finding it virtually impossible to pay this amount of student debt with the lack of economic opportuni-ties and with the rising number of challenges they have in meeting these obligations. A lot of people think: Well, this is just a problem for kids in their twenties. That is not going to be a problem. They will work their way through it. That opportunity will be available to them. Take a look at this. If you go back to 2004, 42 percent of everybody impacted was in their twenties, and now it is 32 percent. That growing impact goes not only into your thirties but also into your forties, and we have the highest percentage increase, probably, in the number of people 60 and older who are burdened by student debt. This chart tells an incredible story of the burden all of this student debt is having on the economy. Well, what do we do about it? I have signed on many pieces of legislation here that would do one simple thing: It would help refi-nance this student debt. We have record-low interest rates in this country. We have never before seen the continuity and consistency of low interest rates. Amazing. If you have a high interest rate and you have a car loan, you refinance it. If you have a high interest rate and you have a home, you refinance your mortgage. But can you refinance your student debt? You will never take advantage of this. Well, in North Dakota we have an in-stitution called the Bank of North Da-kota. It might shock people here, given the kind of attitude I see toward the Export-Import Bank, but the Bank of North Dakota is owned by the people of the State of North Dakota. About a third of their capital is invested in stu-dents. It is an opportunity to develop our State. We make home mortgage loans. We make beginning-farmer loans. We participate with local banks in economic development loans. We have some great economic development programs at the Bank of North Dakota. I am still in the ‘‘we’’ mode because when I was attorney general, I used to serve on their board of directors. Sen-ator H
OEVEN ran the Bank of North Da-kota. It is an amazing institution. When we find our citizens crippled with debt, what do we do? We try to figure out how to help them. We don’t say: We are going to make more money on you by keeping our interest rates at 6.8 percent and not letting you refi-nance. We say: You know what, that is not helpful to our economy. Let me tell you about the results of the consolidation program the Bank of North Dakota runs. First of all, there are qualifiers. The first qualifier is that you have to be a U.S. citizen. You can’t be attending school any longer. You must have been a North Dakota resident for 6 months. And if this gets out, we may see a flood of young people coming to our State. You must meet Bank of North Dakota credit criteria or have a creditworthy cosigner. Your loan options are any student loan that you have or your parents have or your grandparents have can be consolidated into this program. We will take Stafford; Perkins; parent loans for undergraduate students, which is called PLUS in North Dakota; Grad PLUS in North Dakota; and DEAL, which is another student loan program that they run at the Bank of North Da-kota; and any private lending from any other institution. What do we do? We consolidate all of that debt and refinance it into lower interest rates and offer people a num-ber of different packages. Let me tell you what the con-sequences are. Let’s take a look at someone who is in a student loan pro-gram that charges 6.8 percent per annum for that student debt. If you have a loan amount of $35,000 at 6.8 per-cent and your repayment term is 300 months—think about that, 300 months. What is that in terms of a lifetime? That is a lot of months for a lifetime. Your monthly payment is $242 or al-most $243. The total interest you will pay traditionally, without consolida-tion and without refinancing, is about $38,000. Under this refinancing program, you can do it one of two ways: You can refi-nance on a fixed rate or you can refi-nance on a variable rate. You may say: Oh, variable rates— isn’t that what has gotten so many consumers in trouble? What the bank does is they say you can only raise the rate 1 percent a year under the variable rate and you are capped at 10 percent. So you will never pay more than 10 percent. Or you can opt to lock in at our fixed rate, which at the time this chart was done was 4.71 percent. If you use the variable rate, you can lock in at just slightly above 2 percent. Let’s take those same payment terms—300 months. Your monthly pay-ments for the Deal One fixed rate would be less than $200, compared al-most to $250. Your total interest paid would be $13,000 less over the lifetime of that loan. If you go with the vari-able rate, assuming we don’t see a dra-matic increase in interest rates, you will pay $150 a month. It is almost $100 less. The total interest you will pay at these low rates is $10,000, compared to $37,000. Think about that. Think about what that means to a family. If we take this even further and we speed up payments under the DEAL Program—let’s try to do this in less months because no one wants to be locked in for 300 months of their life. If you look at going to a fixed rate for 157 months, you can greatly reduce your overall interest paid to about $12,000. Your monthly payment would be $300, and the total amount you will pay— let’s compare that to the fixed rate going to 300 months; you pay almost $60,000. If you go to a shorter period of time, almost cut that time in half and increase your payments to $300 a month, you will only pay $47,000 on a $35,000 loan going with the fixed rate we currently have. If you go with vari-able, assuming the interest rates stay low, a $35,000 variable loan amount gets you down to just under $40,000. Why can’t we do this for every stu-dent in America? When I hear that the solution to the student debt problem is that we ought to limit the amount of repayment to 15 percent or we ought to forgive it after so many years, I don’t think that is a solution for a lot of good North Dakotans who want to repay their debt. But to simply say we will not consolidate, we will not give an opportunity for students to take ad-vantage of low interest rates is incred-ibly irresponsible. It is tone deaf to the impact that it has on whether we can start a new business, whether we can get a mortgage for a home, whether we can buy a car, whether we can save for our retirement so we don’t have pen-sion problems in the future, and wheth-er we can save for our kids’ college education. Why aren’t we doing this? Someone answer that question for me. If we can make this for students in the State of North Dakota, why can’t we make this happen for students all across this country? That is the question I have come to ask because I think a lot of people talk about the ideas of restruc-turing student debt and what we can do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.061 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3162 May 25, 2016 
to help students, and a lot of it is about debt forgiveness. You know what. I think people want to pay their debt in America. If they signed a piece of paper that says they will repay it, they want to repay it. Let’s give them a chance to do that without continuing to mort-gage their future and make them slaves to student debt. I have a personal story. My niece and her husband were able to use this pro-gram. They continued to pay the same amount as they were paying when they had four or five different loans and they consolidated. They are spending the same amount on their student loan, and guess what. They have cut the time for payment of their student debt in half. They are now able to save for their children’s future and college education. People say it can’t be done. You bet it can be done. We are doing it in North Dakota, and if we can do it in North Dakota, we can do it in this country. Let’s step up and recognize this for the economic problem that is not just for families but for this country, and let’s do something. Let’s quit talking about student debt and actually do some-thing about that. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH RUNNING OF THE INDIANAPOLIS 500 MILE RACE Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I am on the floor with my colleague from Indi-ana Senator D
ONNELLY to talk about something that is very special to the State of Indiana which happens to be coming up this weekend. On Sunday, May 29, the 100th running of the Indi-anapolis 500, the greatest spectacle in racing, will take place in the town of Speedway, IN, a small town within the confines of the borders of Indianapolis. The Indianapolis 500-mile race is the largest single-day sporting event in the world. It is almost staggering to think about this small town of Speedway, IN, hosting 350,000 fans this year. It is a logistical challenge that the city and security people have met year after year. It is something to see. Since the first race in 1911, race fans from around the world have packed the grandstands and the speedway’s expan-sive infield to enjoy the race and take in the experience of being at one of the world’s most famous motor sports events. I can’t begin to describe the dimen-sion of a 2
1⁄2-mile track and the infield. There is a golf course—and a signifi-cant part of it is in the infield—that only takes up part of that infield. The 2
1⁄2-mile track, with 350,000 people, is a spectacle you will not see anywhere else. For those of us who are from Indiana, the Indy 500 is a celebration of our State, and along with basketball, is what it means to be a Hoosier. Time-less traditions, like the singing of ‘‘Back Home Again in Indiana,’’ are embedded into the fabric of Hoosier culture. When the announcer says the phrase ‘‘Gentlemen, start your en-gines,’’ as was said for many years, 33 cars’ engines start to roar to the cheers of the crowd. Today that same phrase is now ‘‘Gentlemen and ladies, start your engines’’ because the race has brought women to the track to also race. Thirty-three cars start the pace laps, and off the third or fourth pace lap, as the pace car races down the straight-away and pulls aside, 33 cars come roaring around the fourth turn and hurtling down the home stretch at over 200 miles per hour to plunge into the first turn while 350,000 people stand there holding their breath, maybe say-ing a prayer, and saying: How in the world can those 33 cars at 200 miles an hour pile into that very small banked first turn without cataclysmic con-sequences? But they do it, and it is a testament to the agility of the drivers and the technology that has been in-corporated into the cars. It is some-thing to see. The roots of all of this date back to 1909, when a group of businessmen, led by Hoosier entrepreneur Carl Fisher, purchased the 320 acre Pressley Farm— that is not Elvis Presley, by the way— just outside Indianapolis and began construction of the gravel-and-tar racetrack. At that time, Indianapolis and De-troit were competing to be America’s automotive capital, and Fisher be-lieved that a large speedway, where re-liability and speed could be tested, would give Indianapolis an upper hand. Fisher and other speedway founders hired a New York engineer and asked him to design a 21⁄2-mile track with a banked corner, a unique design that still endures today. The first track sur-face proved to be somewhat problem-atic so Fisher and his partners needed a way to pave it. They settled on bricks, and covering the 2
1⁄2-mile oval required an astonishing 3.2 million bricks at a cost of $400,000, which was no small change back then. That is why it is called the brickyard. As time wore on, bricks didn’t be-come the ideal surface, and when the current surface was put in place, we re-tained 1 yard of bricks at the finish line. If you are watching the Indianap-olis 500 on Sunday—and I know all of these pages will be tuning into that spectacle after Senator D
ONNELLY and I are through convincing you that this is something you really want to see—that yard of bricks is there and symbolizes what that track has been. With the bricks laid, about 80,000 spectators gathered around the track on Memorial Day weekend in 1911 for the inaugural Indianapolis 500 race. They witnessed Ray Harroun win the race in his yellow No. 32 Marmon ‘‘Wasp’’ at an average speed of 74.6 miles an hour—about what Senator D
ONNELLY and I try to drive when we are on the interstates in Indiana and going no faster than that so we don’t get a speeding ticket, which wouldn’t help our careers. Initially, the cars had two people. One was the driver and the other was a mechanic. This is early on in 1911. We were still developing cars, and of course the impacts the car had to ab-sorb going around a tar-and-gravel track caused many stops, so the me-chanic would jump out, make the fix, put on a new tire, and help with the fueling. Ray Harroun surprised every-body by showing up without a me-chanic. He was the only person in the car. It was the first such instance that had happened. What they did see in the car was something they hadn’t seen on any of the other cars—a rearview mir-ror being used in an automobile. That is the first instance that we know of that automobiles used a rearview mir-ror. Since that first race, the Indianap-olis 500 has occurred on every Memo-rial Day since 1911, with the exception of 1917 and 1918 when the United States was involved in World War I, and there was an exception from 1942 to 1945 when the United States was involved in World War II. When the soldiers came home after the war was over, they looked at the track and it was in a state of despair. It simply was not ready to be used. It had been neglected, understandably, through the war years and was broken down. At that time, the talk was let’s close it down, but Terre Haute, IN, na-tive Tony Hulman purchased the Indi-anapolis Motor Speedway, and under his leadership the facility was restored and rebuilt. Beginning in 1946 until today, the In-dianapolis 500 restarted with massive crowds and the event has only grown over time. In the decades since, the speedway has been owned by the Hulman-George family and all race fans are indebted to this family for their passion for Indy 500 and careful stewardship of the world’s most famous racetrack. As the years passed, the technology used at the Indianapolis Motor Speed-way has progressed and so has the speed. In 2013, Tony Kanaan set the record for the fastest Indianapolis 500, winning the race in 2 hours 40 minutes, at an average speed of 187.4 miles per hour. Think about that. Think of driv-ing for 2 hours 40 minutes, at 187 miles per hour, including yellow lights, when everybody has to slow down signifi-cantly because of an accident on the track, a loose tire or something that causes the race to have to slow down, and the pit stops where they have to change the tires and fuel the cars—230 miles per hour is an extraordinary speed, and you have to run at that top speed almost continuously while you are on the track in order to achieve that 187-miles-per-hour record. There is nothing like being there and seeing cars at that speed so deftly han-dled by drivers in very difficult situa-tions. The Indianapolis 500 is a show-case of ingenuity, human achievement, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.062 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3163 May 25, 2016 
and the continuous pursuit of racing immortality. Racing legends like A.J. Foyt, Mario Andretti, Rick Mears, Al Unser, and Bobby Rahal have become synonymous with the Indianapolis 500. The race is a source of great pride for all citizens of our State, and we are all very excited about the 100th running on Sunday. I am pleased to be joined by my Indi-ana colleague Senator D
ONNELLY in recognizing—through a Senate resolu-tion, which we will offering after Sen-ator D
ONNELLY speaks—the tremendous occasion of the 100th running of the In-dianapolis 500. I am more than happy to yield to my colleague, Senator D
ONNELLY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I thank my good friend and colleague Senator C
OATS . He is truly an institu-tion in our State. I rise with Senator C
OATS to com-memorate the 100th running of the In-dianapolis 500. Think about that. What a long and storied history. The Indy 500 is more than a Memorial Day weekend tradition, and it is more than just a sporting event. It has a storied history, and the list of winners includes some of the most legendary drivers in motor racing history—names like Foyt, Mears, Unser, Andretti, and the leg-endary family who has been such good friends to our State and such good stewards of the track, the Hulman- George family. The Indianapolis Motor Speedway and Indianapolis 500 are a sight to see, with its iconic 2
1⁄2-mile oval and the buzzing atmosphere created by hun-dreds of thousands of cheering fans. As my colleague and dear friend Senator C
OATS said, the singing of ‘‘Back Home Again in Indiana,’’ the winner drinking milk in victory lane, and raising the Borg-Warner trophy, this is defined by career-making victories as well as heartbreaking crashes and down-to- the-wire finishes. The Indy 500 is more than just the greatest spectacle in racing. It is about a whole lot more than just that. It is about bringing people and families to-gether. More than 300,000 people will come to watch the race in the city of the speedway this weekend. It boosts local businesses and gives Central Indi-ana an opportunity to showcase our-selves to the rest of the world. Over its history, the Indy 500 has been part of the fabric of our Hoosier State. It has endured through eco-nomic booms, depressions, and times of turmoil at home and abroad. Through it all, the Indy 500 has become one of the biggest sporting events in the world. It brings together people of all different backgrounds. As the race has grown, it has drawn spectators from across the United States and from around the world—diehard racing fa-natics and casual fans alike. Donald Davidson, the track historian, told the Indianapolis Star earlier this week: There is nothing else like it. It just took off. There was Christmas, there was Easter, and there was the Indianapolis 500. 
It is a special event, unlike any other. I have had the privilege of at-tending the 500 many times, and I am looking forward to attending Sunday’s 100th running of the race. You can’t help but be struck by the talent of the drivers and the team. Earlier this month, I visited the Andretti Autosport, where I saw first-hand the craftsmanship and extensive preparations that go into building a single Indy car for the Indy 500. They were building a number of them. The dedication and teamwork is remark-able. Each piece is an intricate cre-ation, and the driver of each car has to have complete trust in the team that designed and built this car, before it even rolls onto the track. The team has to have that same confidence in the driver, that he or she can bring that car into Victory Lane. For thousands of Hoosier families and racing fans, the Indy 500 is a time for creating lifelong memories. Joining together with friends and neighbors, the race is a chance to showcase the best in Hoosier hospitality and the best our State has to offer. To win the Indy 500, one needs all of the things that we Hoosiers hold dear: determination, hard work, ingenuity, an unwillingness to give up in the face of adversity, and, sometimes, a little bit of luck. To win you have to be able to over-come setbacks, get back up, dust your-self off, and put your nose back to the grindstone. That is the Hoosier way. I wish the best to our drivers, to the crews, and to the teams and owners competing in Sunday’s 100th running of the Indy 500. May it be a safe and com-petitive race. May God bless all those involved. God bless Indiana, and God bless America. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Indiana. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, on behalf of my colleague and friend, Senator D
ONNELLY , and myself, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 475, sub-mitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 475) recognizing the 100th running of the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 475) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I have waited to give this speech for weeks, waited for the rhetoric to die down after the untimely and unexpected passing of Justice Scalia, and waited to speak about the sad state of affairs out of a hope that no more words would be necessary before this Senate acted. It was my fervent hope that the ini-tial reaction to Justice Scalia’s death was due to the shock and the grief at the loss of a conservative icon. I, like many of my colleagues, were publicly mourning the loss, and I as-sumed that my colleagues were simul-taneously realizing that after decades of trending to the right, it was now more than likely that the Supreme Court was going to shift back to a more centrist, progressive point of view. But now it appears that the Senate has descended into an ‘‘Alice in Won-derland’’ world where the Senate can-not even agree on how many Supreme Court Justices make the Court func-tional. Throughout our history, in the Senate there have been previous at-tempts to attack the Court by, on the one hand, denying it members, or, on the other hand, packing the Court. In those instances, this once august body has stood together and always pro-tected the sanctity of the Court—but not today. The Senate is not only displaying contempt for the Court, but it is dem-onstrating contempt of its constitu-tional responsibilities. It is hard for the people we are honored to represent to make sense out of much of what goes on here—who serves on the sub-committee that always sounds like the subcommittee on acoustics and ven-tilation, what a motion to table the amendment to the amendment to the amendment actually means—but this is an issue the American people get. We know there are supposed to be nine Supreme Court Justices and the Senate ought to do its job and ensure that the Court can function without wasting years of people’s lives and dol-lars by allowing cases to be undecided through deadlock. I can state that I am going to be home this weekend for townhall meet-ings. At these townhall meetings, I hear from citizens who are exasperated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.063 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3164 May 25, 2016 
They tell me this in the grocery store, in the gym, and in other places where Oregonians gather. They cannot under-stand how a U.S. Senator can ignore the responsibility to advise on a Su-preme Court nominee and remain true to his or her oath. Here is what Oregonians know for sure. They understand that the Presi-dent of the United States is elected to a 4-year term, not a 3-year term and some number of days—4 years. We learn it in the first quarter of high school civics class. Oregonians and Americans understand that it is the President’s job during that 4-year term to fill vacancies on the Court, and Or-egonians understand that it is the Sen-ate’s job to advise and consent on the nomination by holding hearings and then having an up-or-down vote. The President has fulfilled his duty. The Senate is utterly failing its re-sponsibility. We have a nominee—an eminently well-qualified nominee. Our President pro tempore in the Senate, who is widely respected, called him ‘‘highly qualified’’ and described him this way: 
His intelligence and his scholarship cannot be questioned. . . . His legal experience is equally impressive. . . . Accordingly, I be-lieve Mr. Garland is a fine nominee. I know him personally, I know of his integrity, I know of his legal ability, I know of his hon-esty, I know of his acumen, and he belongs on the Court. I believe he is not only a fine nominee, but is as good as Republicans can expect from this administration. In fact, I would place him at the top of the list. 
Those are the exact words of our President pro tempore with respect to this nominee. The then-chairman of the Judiciary Committee called him ‘‘well qualified,’’ even though he objected to bringing the Court he was being appointed to up to its full complement of Justices. But despite having a fully qualified judge vetted and praised by many of their colleagues, this intemperate rhet-oric about blocking the Court has now solidified into an indefensible position. That is why after waiting for weeks, I am on the floor this evening. The first blow is now well known and often quoted. The majority leader said: 
The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new President. 
This was said at a time when other officials were releasing statements of-fering condolences to the Justice’s family, which includes 26 grand-children. In some respects this reaction should have been expected. When President Obama took office, it seemed that the goal of some was to oppose anything he did, however reasonable. Senators such as myself who have been here long enough to see the ebbs and flows of the Senate figured that this stance was probably just a temporary slump. Sen-ators put in long hours and travel end-lessly to make a difference on issues that are important to them and to their States. Even if the solemn re-sponsibility and constitutional duty with which they are entrusted weren’t enough to encourage action in this se-rious situation, it would seem, for the sake of our country and our people, that many here hoped this body would find its way back again. Unfortunately, that has not been the case. So the majority leader’s response to the death of Justice Scalia becomes yet another example of the scorched- Earth approach to politics the far-right has taken since the very beginning of the Obama Presidency. It is a sad and unworthy response to Americans who expressed their will at the ballot box. Many Americans list choosing a Su-preme Court Justice as one of their leading reasons for choosing a Presi-dential candidate. Sometimes—many times—this is given as the most signifi-cant reason for voting for a President. In the last Presidential election, the American people chose Barack Obama as the duly elected President of the United States. I state this because, for many of my colleagues, that fact some-how seems to have just vanished from their minds, or perhaps there is just a refusal to recognize the results of the 2012 election. Americans chose Presi-dent Obama to be the Commander in Chief, to administer the laws, and, yes, to appoint a new Supreme Court Jus-tice for any vacancies that occur be-tween January 20, 2013, and January 20, 2017. The unanimous position or near unanimous position of the majority is that elections don’t really seem to matter, that the rule of force becomes the rule of law, and saying ‘‘no, we will not’’ is an acceptable response for being asked to fulfill constitutional re-sponsibilities. Basically, this position disenfranchises the constitutionally ratified choice of more than 65 million Americans because the majority in the Senate simply doesn’t agree with them. This is not a response worthy of U.S. Senators. It is choosing party and ide-ology over the needs of our country, and it is a political choice that many of my colleagues are beginning to un-derstand they cannot support. My colleagues have said: It is not the position; it is the principle. But this is a position without principle. It is real-ly pure politics—pure politics of the worst kind. It calls into question whether perpetrators can effectively do their jobs as Senators going forward. Today the Senate, this venerable in-stitution, continues to find itself in the hands of the most insidious form of politics—small ‘‘p’’ politics. It is the kind of politics that seems just devoid of reason, revolving around what seems to most Americans to be a truly straightforward portion of the Con-stitution. Article II, section 2, paragraph 2, of the Constitution states: 
[The President] shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to . . . nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint . . . Judges of the Supreme Court. . . . 
Now, I am a lawyer in name only. I don’t profess to be a constitutional scholar. But at this point, I am one of the longer serving Members of the Sen-ate, and I have placed a special priority on working with colleagues across the aisle, trying to find common ground, recognizing that the Senate is at its best when colleagues work together. But to my mind, the current approach taken by the majority toward the President’s duty to nominate a Su-preme Court Justice and the duty the Senate has to advise and consent on the nominee has led this Senate to an unprecedented and dangerous situa-tion. It seems to me that by denying Judge Garland a hearing, we are denied the opportunity to ask the nominee questions to which the American peo-ple are owed answers. The current position of refusing to ask those questions and hear those an-swers is an insult to our form of gov-ernment, one understood by originalists, strict constructionists, and liberal interpreters alike. The Sen-ate’s decline has been particularly vivid in the case of judicial appoint-ments. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is the primary judicial forum for appeals of Executive and regulatory actions prior to the Su-preme Court. As such, it has become the focus of ideologues who oppose en-vironmental regulations, consumer regulation, anti-trust, and many other hallmarks of our system of government for the past century. When three vacancies opened on this court and Presidential appointments were made, Senate Republicans pro-ceeded to filibuster each and every one of those nominees, claiming—in my view ridiculously—that the President was engaged in ‘‘court packing.’’ Now, in the interest of fairness, court packing is the reprehensible course of action chosen by a liberal icon, Presi-dent Franklin D. Roosevelt, when faced with a court that opposed his will. That attempt was a dangerous time for our constitutional system of checks and balances and must be remembered, lest it be repeated. Not only was it dishonest to apply this term to the regular process of fill-ing existing vacancies, the accusers were, in fact, attempting to accomplish FDR’s same goal of bending a Federal court to their will in a blatant attack on our system of checks and balances. Today, we are witnessing another at-tack on the Constitution in this refusal to do our job and proceed to the con-firmation process for Judge Garland. This is a grave assessment, and maybe I am being a bit too harsh to colleagues in laying their refusal to duty on purely political grounds. So I want to just take a couple of minutes to unpack some of the justifications that have been given for what we have heard. Some Members have argued there is a longstanding tradition that the Senate does not fill a Supreme Court vacancy during a Presidential election year. This has been referred to as an ‘‘80-year precedent’’ and as ‘‘standard practice.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.065 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3165 May 25, 2016 
Unfortunately, that turns out not to be the case. There is no such precedent. Or, I would say, there is no such prece-dent unless you define your terms so narrowly that the concept of precedent becomes meaningless. This can be con-trived, for example, by limiting the discussion to nominations made during a Presidential election year rather than nominations considered during a Presidential election year. However, that is like saying: We never previously filled a Supreme Court vacancy in a year in which Leonardo DiCaprio won an Oscar and Denver won the Super Bowl. This is true enough, but it covers such a small set of cases that it provides no mean-ingful guidance. If anything, the rel-evant historical precedent favors the Senate considering a nomination to fill the current vacancy. Since 1912, the Senate has considered seven Supreme Court nominations dur-ing Presidential elections. Six of the nominations were confirmed: Mahlon Pitney in 1912; Louis Brandeis and John H. Clarke in 1916; Benjamin Cardozo in 1932; Frank Murphy in 1940; and the most recent example, Anthony Kennedy in 1988, who was nominated by President Reagan and confirmed unani-mously by a Senate in which Demo-crats held the majority. In one other case, that of Abe Fortas in 1968, the nomination was rejected in an election year. However, even then, the Senate did its job. It held hearings, reported the nomination from com-mittee, voted on whether to invoke clo-ture on the nomination on the Senate floor. In the face of this historical record, some Senators have argued another point. They have invoked the so-called Biden rule, based on a speech that Vice President B
IDEN gave on the Senate floor in 1992 when he was chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. In that speech, according to some Mem-bers, Senator B
IDEN established a bind-ing rule that the Senate should never consider Supreme Court nominations during Presidential election years. First, as discussed above, there is no such thing as a binding Senate rule. We make them. We break them. We change them. It is the flexibility of this insti-tution that has allowed it to continue to serve Americans for 225 years and the current inflexibility of my col-leagues that threatens to bring it to harm. Now, let’s look at Senator B
IDEN’s 1992 comments in perspective. He gave a speech, perhaps intemperate, but in 1988, as I just described, he led the Sen-ate in confirming Justice Anthony Kennedy. Further, in 1987 and 1991, when Presi-dents Reagan and Bush submitted the highly controversial nominations of Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas, the Senate Judiciary Committee, chaired by then-Senator B
IDEN, held hearings on the nominations and took them to the floor for up-or-down votes. So when Senator B
IDEN chaired the Judiciary Committee, he always provided a Re-publican President’s Supreme Court nominees with a hearing, a vote in committee, and a vote on the Senate floor. It is also important to consider the overall point that Senator BIDEN was making in 1992. The Supreme Court was about to adjourn, which is a time when Justices frequently announce their retirement. Senator B
IDEN was arguing that there should not be a trumped-up retirement, designed to create a vacancy for which the Presi-dent would submit an ideologically ex-treme nominee as ‘‘part of a campaign to make the Supreme Court an agent of an ultra right conservative social agen-da which would lack support in the Congress and the country.’’ Senator B
IDEN was arguing against partisanship. He was counseling re-straint. He said that ‘‘so long as the public continues to split its confidence between branches, compromise is the responsible course both for the White House and for the Senate.’’ Noting his support of the nominee, though nominated by an opposing President, Senator B
IDEN was urging both sides to step back from partisan ideological warfare. Senator B
IDEN urged Congress to develop a nomina-tion confirmation process that re-flected divided government by deliv-ering a moderate, well-respected nomi-nee who would be subject to a reason-able, dignified nomination process. Senator B
IDEN went on to say, ‘‘If the President consults and cooperates with the Senate or moderates his selections absent consultation, then his nominees may enjoy my support, just as did Jus-tices Kennedy and Souter.’’ That is precisely the approach that President Obama is following here— moderating his selection. In nomi-nating Judge Garland, the President has not politicized the process. The President has not nominated some left- wing ideologue who thrills progressives but angers conservatives. You already heard what I quoted directly from our esteemed friend, the President pro tempore of the Senate, Senator H
ATCH . The President has gone to the middle, seeking compromise. He has nominated someone who is widely regarded as sound and moderate and capable. In-deed, not long ago, leading Republican Senators cited Judge Garland as the very example of the type of person they were hoping the President would nomi-nate. Judge Garland is the kind of person about whom my colleagues on the other side of the aisle said: This is the kind of person we would really like to see for this job. Now, there have been other attempts to defend the indefensible, and they all go back to the facts that I have just outlined. No matter the politics, no matter your concern about a primary challenge from the right, no matter the faint hope that a Member of your party might win the White House and nomi-nate an ideological kindred spirit, no matter the pressure to choose party over country, it is time to do our con-stitutional duty, hold hearings, ask questions, get answers, and vote on the nominee. Perhaps, as with Abe Fortas, the nominee will be rejected. If that is the Senate’s will, so be it. But denying a duly nominated candidate a respon-sible and dignified confirmation proc-ess is choosing to further endanger the people we serve and the body that we serve in. Finally, every Republican Member must know that having a meeting or calling for hearings and a vote without taking any action to make it so is pret-ty much naked politics, and Americans are not going to be fooled. If Members of the majority actually wish to see the Senate do its job, they can force the Senate to make it happen by deny-ing the leadership the ability to act on other less pressing matters until they take up this responsibility. To go home and claim that you would like hearings—that you would like a vote—without taking action to make it happen is simply lip service to the constitutional responsibility of a Senator. I am going to close with just a couple of last thoughts. My colleagues have the opportunity to redeem this body. My colleagues have repeatedly said: It is not the position; it is the principle. But it was understood during FDR’s time, and it should be understood now, that threatening the makeup of the Su-preme Court is a position without prin-ciple. Intemperance appears to be the hall-mark of political rhetoric in this day. Somehow, if it is loud and intemperate, that is what people are going to pay at-tention to. But this sort of intemperate rhetoric is certainly corrosive to this institution. The Senate still has an opportunity to sober up, regardless of what was said, buckle down, get to work, hold hearings, and vote on a nominee. Polit-ical rhetoric can be forgiven. Allowing intemperate rhetoric to control the solemn responsibility of every Senator is unforgivable. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the National De-fense Authorization Act of 2017, or the NDAA. This bill was reported out of committee 2 weeks ago with 100 per-cent support from our friends across the aisle and nearly unanimous support from the majority party. I am thankful for the leadership of Chairman M
CCAINand Ranking Mem-ber R
EED. I think they have done a marvelous job. These are two veterans who have served their country well be-fore becoming Members of this body. As Members of this body, they have worked very hard to find consensus be-tween Republicans and Democrats with regard to how we work to prepare an authorization bill for funding for our military. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.066 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3166 May 25, 2016 
The reason I am here today is I think it is important to share my thoughts about the need to move forward with a discussion of the National Defense Au-thorization Act on the floor of the Sen-ate in an appropriate timeframe. For those individuals who wonder how the Senate works, sometimes we find it frustrating because we would like to move on. And as my friend the Senator from Oregon just indicated, they would like to have votes. In this particular case, he was suggesting a vote on the Supreme Court, but on that one there are challenges and there are concerns on the part of Members of the majority party. But in the case of the National De-fense Authorization Act, this is one which has been passed out of the Sen-ate, passed by the House, and signed by the President for 54 years in a row. It is a bipartisan work effort. It is one in which we have agreement; we find con-sensus. It seems only appropriate that we try to move forward on this par-ticular bill before Memorial Day, the day in which we honor those individ-uals who have given the ultimate sac-rifice. Let me share with you what we un-derstand has happened. I understand that when the majority leader had asked for a unanimous offer or an agreement that we take up this bill early—take it up and begin to debate it; not pass it, but debate it and accept amendments to this particular bill about how to appropriately direct our military for the coming year—the mi-nority leader objected, which is his right, and said he would not allow us to move forward, even to debate the bill. In fact, we had to file what they call cloture or a closure of the time with a 30-hour period, which we are in right now, before we can even take up the bill. That seems inappropriate. At least to me, it seems that if we really want-ed to show we honor those individ-uals—and we talk about the memory of those who lost their lives serving our country—the least we could do would be to move forward with this particular one in some sort of a united effort since there does not appear to be any-thing that is of a challenge in passing the bill. I think about Memorial Day because I lost an uncle. As a matter of fact, I am named for him. My name is Marion Michael. I go by Mike, but I was named for an uncle who died in World War II on the island of Okinawa in May of 1945. He never had a chance to vote, never had a chance to have a family. My family lost something. He lost his life, but we lost an uncle, a brother. This is the time period in which we remember what these folks—these sol-diers, sailors, and warriors—have given to our country. It seems appropriate that this would have been a great time to make an example of our working to-gether. That sense of sacrifice didn’t stop in World War II; it continues on. I had the opportunity, the privilege, to work as Governor of South Dakota during the time in which we were send-ing young men and women off to wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. I remember one time in particular that was an ex-ample of the generations supporting our country. It happened to be with a mobilization ceremony in the little town of Redfield. When we send young men and women off in South Dakota, we have a mobilization ceremony that is attended by literally the entire town. In this case it was the 147th Field Artillery, 2nd Battalion. I was working as Governor at the time, and when we came into this town, we went to the high school gymnasium. You couldn’t park win three blocks of that gym-nasium because it was filled. When we walked inside, there were people everywhere. They were even sit-ting on the window sills because there were a little over 105 soldiers who were being deployed, and they were going to Iraq. I remember it specifically because as we finished the ceremonies for deploy-ment in this packed crowd, we went down the line, and we started thanking each soldier for their service. I walked through the line saying: Thank you. We appreciate your service. Be careful. Come back safely. I looked at one of the soldiers and looked at his last name. He was gray haired, clearly he was a sergeant, and he was one of the leaders. I said: Thank you for your service. Do your job, but bring these guys home safely. He said: Yes, sir. The next man in line—I looked at his name, and it was the same name as the individual ahead of him. I looked at him and I said: Is that your dad? He said: No, sir, that is my uncle. My dad is behind me. Three generations, three separate members of the same family were serv-ing in the 147th, three of them offering their own and their families’ time to support our country. I don’t know whether they were Republican or Dem-ocrat. All I know is that they were wearing the uniform of the United States of America. Sometimes, as we talk about what we do, we have to remind ourselves that when these young men and women de-ploy, they are not deploying as Repub-licans or Democrats. They really don’t care about how we see the progression of the votes that we take here. What they look at is whether or not we are united as Americans. This would be a very appropriate time for the minority leader to perhaps consider giving back some of the time that he is holding for debate on this bill to begin. Let’s begin the debate on this bill before we leave for Memorial Day. Let’s begin the process of letting these families know that this is impor-tant to us, too, and that we understand the significance of Memorial Day. For that particular family I talked about in Redfield, this is especially im-portant this year because that young man came back and carried the Cross of War with him. They lost him earlier this year. This year, Memorial Day means a little bit more. What I would ask today is that we send a message to all of the men and women who wear the uniform. Politics is gone. We will debate the bill, we will spend time on the bill, we will make it better, but we will not hold it hostage. We will do what they want us to do as Americans protecting our country and honoring the memory of those who have given everything in defense of our country. This is the time to vote—to vote for those who died before they ever had a chance to vote. This is a chance to share our strong belief that when it comes to the defense of our country, we are Americans first, Republicans and Democrats last. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, tonight I rise to speak about the pressing need to invest in our aging infrastructure across this great country, especially drinking water infrastructure. What makes the ongoing crisis in Flint so tragic is that it was prevent-able. Steps could have and should have been taken over months and even years that would have prevented the poi-soning of the citizens of Flint. Because these steps were not taken, efforts to mitigate the effects of lead exposure and repair the damage will be nec-essary for many years to come. Our drinking water supply is largely dependent on systems built decades ago that are now deteriorating. Many of the pipes in some of our older cities were installed before World War II, and many are made of lead. The EPA esti-mates about 10 million homes and buildings are serviced with lead lines. The American Water Works Associa-tion has said that we are entering ‘‘the replacement era.’’ Water systems are reaching the end of their lifespan, and we must replace them. We have no choice. If we want to simply maintain our current levels of water service, experts estimate a cost of at least $1 trillion over the next two decades. That is why it is so important that we pass a new Water Resources Development Act, or WRDA. We now have the opportunity and the ability to dedicate resources to Flint and to communities dealing with infrastructure challenges all across our country. The Environment and Public Works Committee listened to water experts, State and local elected officials, and the shipping industry, as well as stake-holders, to craft a WRDA bill that makes crucial infrastructure invest-ments in drinking and wastewater projects as well as our ports and our waterways. My friend Senator D
EBBIE STABENOW  and I were proud to work with Senator J
IMINHOFE and Senator B ARBARA  B
OXER to include bipartisan measures that would include emergency aid to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.068 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3167 May 25, 2016 
address the contamination crisis in Flint and provide assistance to our communities across our country facing similar infrastructure challenges. The Flint aid package included in the bipartisan WRDA bill includes direct funding for water infrastructure emer-gencies and critical funding for pro-grams to combat the health complica-tions from lead exposure. This includes a drinking water lead exposure registry and a lead exposure advisory com-mittee to track and address long-term health effects. Additionally, funding for national childhood health efforts, such as the childhood lead prevention poisoning program, would be increased in this bill. The Water Resources Development Act also includes funding for secured loans through the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act, or WIFIA program. This financing mechanism was created by Congress in 2014 in a bi-partisan effort to provide low-interest financing for large-scale water infra-structure projects. These loans will be available to States and municipalities all across our country. There are also a number of other im-portant provisions in this year’s WRDA bill. It promotes restoration of our great lakes and great waters, which in-clude ecosystems such as the Great Lakes, Puget Sound, Chesapeake Bay, and many more. In fact, the bill includes an author-ization of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative through the year 2021, which has been absolutely essential to Great Lakes cleanup efforts in recent years. It is important to know that the Great Lakes provide drinking water for over 40 million people. The WRDA bill also will modernize our ports, improve the condition of our harbors and waterways, and keep our economy moving. A saying attributed to Benjamin Franklin rings especially true with this WRDA bill. He said: ‘‘An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.’’ If we make the necessary infrastructure investments now, we will preserve clean water, save taxpayer money in the long run, and protect American families from the dangerous health im-pacts of aging lead pipes. The Environment and Public Works Committee passed the Water Resources Development Act with strong, over-whelming bipartisan support last month. This bill is ready for consider-ation by the full Senate, and commu-nities across our country—including the families of Flint—are waiting for us to act. I am hopeful that this body will do just that in the coming weeks, and I urge my colleagues to prioritize this commonsense, bipartisan infrastruc-ture bill for a vote on the Senate floor. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, nearly 150 years ago, Congress determined that a fully functioning Supreme Court should consist of nine Justices. For more than 100 days, however, the Su-preme Court has been unable to oper-ate at full strength as a result of un-precedented obstruction by Senate Re-publicans. Under Republican leader-ship, the Senate is on track to be in session for the fewest days since 1956. Senate Republicans simply refuse to do their jobs. If Senate Republican leader-ship has its way, this seat on the Su-preme Court will remain unnecessarily vacant for more than a year. President Obama nominated Chief Judge Merrick Garland 70 days ago. Based on the timing of the Senate’s consideration of Supreme Court nomi-nees over the past four decades, Chief Judge Garland should be receiving a confirmation vote on the Senate floor today. Instead, Republican Senators are discussing a hypothetical list of nominees issued by their presumptive nominee for President. Senate Republicans should be respon-sible enough to address the real va-cancy on the Supreme Court that is right now keeping the Court from oper-ating at full strength. Chief Judge Gar-land has received bipartisan support in the past, and there is no reason other than partisan politics to deny him the same process the Senate has provided Supreme Court nominees for the last 100 years. The chairman of the Judici-ary Committee recently suggested we put down on paper how the Senate treats Supreme Court nominees. I did just that with Senator H
ATCH in 2001 when we memorialized the long-standing Judiciary Committee practice that Supreme Court nominees receive a hearing and a vote, even in instances when a majority of the Judiciary Com-mittee did not support the nominee. The chairman and all Republicans should go back to that letter to use as roadmap for considering Chief Judge Garland’s nomination now. Republicans have been dismissive about the need for a fully functioning Supreme Court with nine Justices, but as we have already seen this term, the Supreme Court has been repeatedly un-able to serve its highest function under our Constitution. Without a full bench of justices, the Court has deadlocked and has been unable to address circuit court conflicts or resolve cases on the merits. The effect, as the New York Times reported recently, is a ‘‘dimin-ished’’ Supreme Court. In a bid to ap-peal to moneyed interest groups, Re-publicans have weakened our highest Court in the land, both functionally and symbolically. In the face of this obstruction, some Supreme Court justices have tried to put on a brave face, proclaiming things are going along just fine. The facts show, however, that the opposite is true. As another recent news article notes, the Supreme Court is on pace to take on the lightest caseload in at least 70 years. At least one Supreme Court expert has suggested that the eight Justices currently serving may be reluctant to take on certain cases when they cannot be certain they will reach an actual decision on the merits without deadlocking. As each week passes and we see the Court take a pass on taking additional cases, the problem gets worse and the Court is further di-minished. In some instances, the Court has issued rare and unprecedented follow- up orders to try to reach some kind of compromise where they otherwise can-not resolve the issue with eight Jus-tices. This happened in Zubik v. Burwell, which involved religiously af-filiated employers’ objections to their employees’ health insurance coverage for contraception. In that case, the Court took the unusual step of order-ing supplemental briefing in the case, seemingly to avoid a 4–4 split and to reach some kind of compromise. Even with the extra briefing, the Court could not make a decision. Instead, it sent the issue back to the lower courts ex-pressing ‘‘no view on the merits of the cases.’’ The reason we have one Su-preme Court is so it can issue final de-cisions on the merits after the lower courts have been unable to do so in a consistent fashion. But the Supreme Court has recently punted cases back down to the lower courts for them to resolve the issue, possibly in different ways, because of its diminished stat-ure. A Supreme Court that cannot re-solve disputes among the appellate courts cannot live up to its name. The Court has been unable to resolve cases where even the most fundamental right is at stake, that of life and death. Former Judge Timothy K. Lewis of the Third Circuit Court of Appeals warned us of this earlier this month when he spoke at a public meeting to discuss the qualifications of Chief Judge Gar-land. Sadly, these warnings have be-come a reality. In one death row case, the Supreme Court has not yet decided whether to review it despite the fact that, at trial, an expert testified that the defendant was more likely to be dangerous in the future because of his race. The prosecution later conceded this testimony was inappropriate, but continued to raise procedural defenses in Buck’s case. Such a case about whether a person sentenced to death has received due process is at the very heart of our democracy; yet our dimin-ished Supreme Court has been unable to make a decision in this case and could deadlock on others. There are some who suggest a dead-locked decision may be beneficial when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.069 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3168 May 25, 2016 
one supports the lower court’s ruling, but that is both shortsighted and con-trary to role of the courts in our con-stitutional system. A deadlocked deci-sion postpones an actual decision from the final arbiter of law under our Con-stitution. This results in less certainty for all of us. I hope that Republicans will soon re-verse course and put aside their ob-struction to move forward on Chief Judge Garland’s nomination to be the next Supreme Court Justice. Their fail-ure to act is having a real impact on the American people. It is up to the Re-publican majority to allow this body to fulfill one of its most solemn duties and ensure that justice is not delayed for another year. Judge Garland de-serves fairness. He should be given a public hearing and a vote without fur-ther delay. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I would like to get into the numbers on something that folks in Wyoming are having to deal with. The number I would like to highlight is one. As an accountant, I am sure you thought I was going to get much more complicated, but it is im-portant for my colleagues to hear that there is one health insurer in Wyoming offering exchange plans this year—one. In October last year, people around Wyoming read the news that WINHealth, one of two major medical insurers operating in the State, would close down. That was bad news, and I had constituents who were in a tough spot. They say that misery loves company, and, unfortunately, we have company now. This year, Alaska and Alabama join us—one insurer on the State ex-changes, thousands of people losing their plans. Blue Cross Blue Shield of Wyoming has been working to provide options, but the fact remains that we have fewer choices now. If I think back to the ObamaCare de-bate, President Obama and my col-leagues across the aisle promised that ObamaCare would bring more options, security, lower costs. The majority leader at the time, H
ARRY REID, said: [W]e are bringing se-curity and stability to millions who have health insurance . . . What we will do is ensure consumers have more choices and insurance companies face more competition. I think it is safe to say that that hasn’t quite materialized. What we are witnessing is another broken promise, the failure of ObamaCare to deliver again. Some of my colleagues have been on the Senate floor talking about insur-ance premiums going up, and they are going up, at shocking rates. ObamaCare has been quite a com-prehensive reform of health care. Now your costs are higher, and you may have no choice in your insurer or the structure of your insurance plan— sounds like a great deal. ObamaCare has weighed down health insurance with unworkable plans, high costs, and a risk pool that is signifi-cantly sicker than expected; and now, somehow, people seem surprised to find that we have insurers leaving the mar-ket, either by choice or because they have gone bankrupt. Look at the national carriers that have left the exchanges: UnitedHealth, Humana, and Aetna in some States. These folks have looked at the ex-changes and said, We can’t anymore. We could look at the co-ops that have closed. Twelve have closed—more than half. Look at the States that may have some counties with only one insurance option. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation’s tracking, more than 650 counties may have just one insurer for the exchanges in 2017 in Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi, Arizona, and Oklahoma. What answer do my Democratic col-leagues have for this absolutely unac-ceptable situation? I have mostly heard silence. The people we represent deserve more than silence or rhetorical finger point-ing. They need relief, and they need real, meaningful changes that will let people buy health insurance in a free market without a government chokepoint at every turn. Let’s be clear: This is not a failure of the free market. These are not open marketplaces that have failed. They are government-run exchanges selling government-mandated and govern-ment-approved health insurance. I encourage my colleagues to con-sider what the option is if we fail to roll back this damaging law. What will we be left with? I extend an open hand to work with any of my colleagues who want to make reforms to our health care sys-tem that will truly deliver on the promises of more options, security, and lower costs. Thank you. f 
CONGRATULATING MONTENEGRO ON 10 YEARS OF INDEPENDENCE AND SUPPORTING MONTENEGRO’S NATO MEMBER-SHIP Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, 10 years ago this month, voters in Monte-negro went to the polls to determine the future of their country. These vot-ers were faced with a single question: ‘‘Do you want the Republic of Monte-negro to be an independent state with full international and legal subjec-tivity?’’ When the dust settled on the evening of May 21, 2006, the referendum passed with 55.5 percent of voters choosing to peacefully dissolve their union with Serbia. Shortly thereafter, the international community recog-nized the newest country in the world. In a region riddled with bullets and bombs, this moment marked the begin-ning of a praiseworthy chapter in re-gional and transatlantic history. As a number of global security chal-lenges occupy the top of our foreign policy agenda—not least the threat posed by ISIS and the most significant refugee crisis since World War II—it is easy to overlook Montenegro’s tenth anniversary. But we would be remiss if we did not use this occasion to reflect on the importance of U.S.-Montenegro relations and the role this country of 600,000 can play to advance regional and transatlantic security moving for-ward. Early on, the country’s leaders made a clear decision to align with the United States and pursue membership in Euro-Atlantic institutions. Mon-tenegrin troops sacrificed their lives supporting the U.S.- and NATO-led mission in Afghanistan. Montenegro has demonstrated its commitment to deterring Russian aggression by volun-tarily joining the EU sanctions regime against Russia and rebuffing Moscow’s offers for military cooperation. And since the beginning, the United States has been there supporting Montenegro’s progress, with direct as-sistance to help the country fight orga-nized crime and corruption, strengthen its civil society and democratic struc-tures, and provide stability in the still- fragile Balkans region. In October 2014, I had the privilege to visit Montenegro as then-chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Sub-committee on European Affairs. I met with our Ambassador and Montenegrin Government officials and opposition leaders to discuss the challenges of the region and the country’s progress. I also sat down with U.S. investors to hear why Montenegro is currently an attractive country for foreign invest-ment. Above all else, I came away from this visit convinced that Montenegro should be granted NATO membership. The opportunity to join the world’s foremost military alliance has been a powerful incentive for reform. Monte-negro has come a long way, but if the prospect of joining NATO is no longer on the table, we can expect to see an erosion of Montenegro’s commitment to democratic governance and argu-ments that Montenegro is better served by an alliance with Russia. Last week, NATO Foreign Ministers gathered in Brussels to sign Montenegro’s Accession Protocol, pav-ing the way to Montenegro’s formal membership. Each member country must now ratify the agreement. This important decision will help counter Russian aggression in the region, eliminate a strategic NATO gap along the Mediterranean, and ensure that Montenegro’s young democracy con-tinues to develop under the alliance’s umbrella. At the same time, no country should receive an invitation until it is pre-pared to meet the highest standards of NATO membership. Montenegro has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.045 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3169 May 25, 2016 
taken significant steps to address con-cerns that have delayed membership in the past. The government has strength-ened the rule of law, undertaken intel-ligence sector and defense reforms, and increased public support for NATO membership in recent years. Notably, the Montenegrin Parliament passed legislation in November 2014 to reform the judicial sector, including the estab-lishment of a special prosecutor’s of-fice for organized crime and an anti- corruption agency. This legislation is now being implemented, with the spe-cial prosecutor’s office carrying out a high-profile arrest of former President of Serbia and Montenegro Svetozar Marovic on corruption charges in De-cember 2015. We need to see continued high profile arrests to prove the rule of law will be fully respected, but this is an important signal. Montenegro’s democracy is young, but it is on the right track. There is no doubt Montenegro needs to continue making progress to uphold the rule of law, fight organized crime, tackle cor-ruption, and foster a free and inde-pendent media environment. I believe American engagement will be critical helping Montenegro achieve these goals. On the tenth anniversary of Montenegro’s historic independence, I will continue to push for a strong transatlantic partnership between our countries. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT ROBERT WILSON III Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today we pay tribute to Sergeant Robert Wilson III of the Philadelphia Police Depart-ment, who sacrificed his life to protect innocent civilians during an armed rob-bery at a store called GameStop in north Philadelphia in March 2015. Sergeant Wilson was there buying a present for his son when he confronted two armed robbers. He moved to draw attention away from the area where the civilians were standing in what ended up being a fatal exchange of gun-fire. For his exceptional bravery and self-lessness in the face of danger, Presi-dent Obama awarded Sergeant Wilson with the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor, 1 of 13 officers who received the award and the first member of the Philadelphia Police Department to earn such an honor. No medal or distinction can ade-quately pay tribute to Sergeant Wil-son’s sacrifice and the horror his fam-ily has gone through over this last year. Sergeant Wilson’s grandmother, Constance, who accepted the medal on his behalf, said of the pain of losing her grandson, ‘‘a big hole was put in my heart.’’ Sadly, the Wilson family is not alone in its sacrifice: 128 police officers were killed in the line of duty in 2015, in-cluding five in Pennsylvania. To para-phrase something President Lincoln once said, they gave the ‘‘last full measure of devotion’’ to the commu-nities they served. As public officials, we have a deep and abiding obligation to support those serving in law enforcement. Our sup-port must be in deed and in word, which means making sure those law enforcement officers have the re-sources they need to keep our commu-nities and themselves safe. All public officials must pray and ask humbly whether our actions are worthy of the valor of those who serve. On the Senate floor today, we express our profound gratitude for the service of Medal of Valor recipient Sergeant Wilson and the sacrifice of his family. f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. ANDREW W. GURMAN Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I would like to recognize the upcoming inau-guration of Dr. Andrew Gurman of Hollidaysburg, PA, as the 171st presi-dent of the American Medical Associa-tion on June 14, 2016. Dr. Gurman is an orthopaedic hand surgeon who maintains a private prac-tice in Altoona, PA. He is the first hand surgeon and only the second orthopaedic surgeon to have been elect-ed to serve as president of the AMA. Dr. Gurman graduated from Syracuse University and received his medical de-gree from the State University of New York Upstate Medical University, Syr-acuse, in 1980. After completing his sur-gical internship and residency in orthopaedic surgery at the Montefiore Hospital/Albert Einstein program in New York City and a fellowship in hand surgery at the Hospital for Joint Diseases Orthopaedic Institute, Dr. Gurman entered practice in central Pennsylvania and became active in local medical societies, having served as both speaker and vice speaker of the Pennsylvania Medical Society. He was also a member of its board of trustees and executive board. Dr. Gurman has also served as the chair of the Altoona Hospital bylaws committee and orthopaedic surgery peer review com-mittee, as well as the chair of orthopaedic service. I want to congratulate Dr. Gurman on his election and inauguration as the president of the American Medical As-sociation and wish him well. I look for-ward to working with him in his new role to craft policies that will improve access to affordable, high-quality health care and make a difference in the lives of countless patients across the Nation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRED AND CONNIE TAYLOR Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to sing the praises of Fred and Connie Taylor, two incredibly talented and dedicated members of the Casper com-munity. Fred serves as the choir direc-tor and his wife, Connie, serves as the organist and director of the handbell choir at the Shepherd of the Hills Pres-byterian Church in my hometown of Casper, WY. Through music, Fred and Connie Taylor have helped our con-gregation share in God’s love, grace, and teachings for 24 years. Last Sun-day marked their last service in lead-ing the musical ministry of the church as they start their well-earned retire-ment. Fred and Connie Taylor have been married for over 50 years. Since they first met at the University of Dayton, this lovely couple has been celebrating life and music together. In fact, music brought them together. The couple met when Fred was performing in the role of Elijah in Mendelssohn’s ‘‘Elijah’’ and Connie was assigned to be his ac-companist. Since that day, they have been performing together and sharing their musical talents in schools and churches across the nation. The Taylors fell in love with Wyo-ming during a trip to our great State in 1979. A short time later, Fred and Connie moved to Hanna, WY. Fred got a job as band director at the school and Connie took the position as the choir director. In 1986, they moved to Casper, WY. Fred became bass trombonist and assistant conductor of the symphony. Connie devoted herself to inspiring and spreading the love of music to children in the Casper schools. While they are a dynamic team, Fred and Connie also have significant indi-vidual accomplishments. Connie grad-uated from the University of Dayton with a bachelor of science in music and earned a master of music from Indiana University. Connie is a concerto level pianist. She has performed as an ac-companist for the Joffrey Ballet. Her musical expertise has been critical in ensuring the success of numerous per-formances in our community. As a longtime elementary school teacher in Casper, she taught her students to ap-preciate the beauty and joy of music. Connie has helped ensure the love of music lives on in the future genera-tions of our State. Fred’s passion for music is best ex-plained by his proclamation that, ‘‘Music is part of my soul.’’ He was born in New York City in 1938. As a baby, he would rock and sway along to the sounds of the world’s most beloved symphonies. As a young boy, he started singing at his church and in the boys’ choir. After serving our Nation in the U.S. Army, Fred earned his bachelor of science in music education from the University of Dayton and a master of music in conducting from Indiana Uni-versity. Fred is the bass trombonist for the Wyoming Symphony Orchestra and founder of the Casper Brass and Storm Door Company. He has composed over 600 pieces of music. In addition, Fred has performed in and greatly contrib-uted to the Casper College Band, the Casper Municipal Band, and the CC Jazz Band. Fred explains how his love for music and the state of Wyoming perfectly intertwine stating, ‘‘I have a wonderful church choir to conduct; I have a sym-phony orchestra to play in; everything 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.046 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3170 May 25, 2016 
I write gets performed.’’ He also said, ‘‘Outside of that, the air is clear and the fish in the river don’t have to cough, and my grandchildren live right around the corner.’’ The passion for music is part of the family. The love of music and ability to bring the notes on the page to life extends to every member of their fam-ily; Lisa Rich, Steven Rich, Chris Tay-lor, Nancy Taylor, and their grand-children Alex Rich, Jeremy Rich, and Abigail Madden. My wife, Bobbi, joins me in extending our appreciation for the musical tal-ents of Fred and Connie Taylor which inspire and delight so many people in our community and across the Nation. We are also deeply grateful for their amazing ability to lift our hearts and share the Word of God through music. As quoted in the Bible, I say to each of them, ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant.’’ All of us privileged enough to know them are blessed. We wish them the best as they embark on their next adventure. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JACK AND GEORGETTA TAYLOR ∑Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, Kansans work hard to make a difference in our communities, our State, and our Na-tion. Two of those who exemplify this are Jack and Georgetta Taylor who, for the past 48 years, have called Liberal, KS, home. The Taylors are true ambassadors for southwest Kansas. During visits to Lib-eral for the annual Pancake Day or a Kansas Listening Tour stop, they would make certain Robba and I had seen every new business, restaurant, and development. Their pride for Lib-eral is contagious and makes all under their spell want to call it home. Every time I have visited Liberal, the Taylors were there to make me feel welcome and appreciated. Jack and Georgetta are also the type of individuals who will drop everything to help others. In fact, a few years ago during Pancake Day, Jack literally gave the shoes off his feet so members of my staff could fully experience the race. Through their involvement in a myr-iad of community organizations includ-ing the chamber, the Baker Arts Cen-ter, and the Booster Club, the Taylors have been important leaders in the Lib-eral community. They also worked to make certain our Nation’s veterans liv-ing in Kansas are cared for through constant communication to recruit a fulltime physician to the local commu-nity-based outpatient clinic. Jack has been a relentless advocate for expanding and improving U.S. High-way 54, one of the most heavily traf-ficked two-lane highways in the United States. A self-described troublemaker, Jack always approaches tough issues with a charming smile and humorous narratives. His friendly demeanor, work ethic, and patience epitomize Kansans’ approach to resolving tough issues. While improving their community has always been a top priority, as they approach 63 years of marriage next month, it is obvious they have always put family first. Relocating to Law-rence will allow them to spend time with their kids and grandkids; yet they will be close enough to visit and cher-ish the friendships and memories made in southwest Kansas. By investing their time and talents in the community where they lived, the Taylors made a difference one life at a time. They taught through their actions that satisfaction in life comes from what you do for others rather than what you do for yourself, which is the legacy we want to leave behind for the next generation. While impossible to replace, the Taylors worked tire-lessly to bring another generation of leaders to Liberal and southwest Kan-sas. Good things continue happening in our State because of individuals like Jack and Georgetta, and I wish them the very best as they move to Law-rence to spend precious time with their family.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:02 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 897. An act to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes. H.R. 5077. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5077. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Man-agement Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Intelligence. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary: Report to accompany S. 2390, a bill to pro-vide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation (Rept. No. 114–261). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: H.R. 136. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office’’. H.R. 1132. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2458. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Lou-isiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 2928. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’. H.R. 3082. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 3274. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’. H.R. 3601. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Is-land , as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3735. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 3866. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4046. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wis-consin , as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. H.R. 4605. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Of-fice Building’’. S. 2465. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street in Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. S. 2891. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 North Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Build-ing’’. f EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspec-tor General, Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.047 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3171 May 25, 2016 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BARRASSO: S. 2978. A bill to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to exempt certain transfers used for educational purposes from manufac-turer transparency reporting requirements; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 2979. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require can-didates of major parties for the office of President to disclose recent tax return infor-mation; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. V
ITTER ): S. 2980. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the permissible use of health savings accounts to include health insurance payments and to increase the dollar limitation for contributions to health savings accounts, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 2981. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to add standards for drug compendia for physician use for purposes of Medicaid payment for certain drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. E
NZI): S. 2982. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to establish a Federal reg-ulatory budget and to impose cost controls on that budget, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, and Mr. K ING): S. 2983. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to provide States with the option of providing medical assistance at a residential pediatric recovery center to in-fants under 1 year of age with neonatal ab-stinence syndrome and their families; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CORNYN: S. 2984. A bill to impose sanctions in rela-tion to violations by Iran of the Geneva Con-vention (III) or the right under international law to conduct innocent passage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2985. A bill to eliminate the individual and employer health coverage mandates under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, to expand beyond that Act the choices in obtaining and financing affordable health insurance coverage, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 2986. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 2987. A bill to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to establish pilot programs to develop and test airport security systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 2988. A bill to extend the sunset of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 in order to effec-tuate the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion in guaranteeing that all nuclear mate-rial in Iran remains in peaceful activities; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. COCHRAN , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ): S. 2989. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING): S. 2990. A bill to prohibit the President from preventing foreign air carriers trav-eling to or from Cuba from making transit stops in the United States for refueling and other technical services based on the Cuban Assets Control Regulations; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 2991. A bill to withdraw certain land in Okanogan County, Washington, to protect the land, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. R ISCH, Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 2992. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management of the Small Business Adminis-tration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. L EE, Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. C
RUZ): S. Res. 474. A resolution prohibiting con-sideration of appropriations that are not au-thorized; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Mr. COATS (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. Res. 475. A resolution recognizing the 100th running of the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. Res. 476. A resolution designating the month of May 2016 as ‘‘Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. Res. 477. A resolution promoting minor-ity health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2016, which include bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Americans, African Americans, Latino Americans, and Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders; considered and agreed to. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. R
EED, and Ms. W ARREN ): S. Res. 478. A resolution expressing support for the designation of June 2, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Day’’ and June 2016 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Aware-ness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. f ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 151 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 151, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Defense to establish a process to determine whether individuals claiming certain service in the Phil-ippines during World War II are eligible for certain benefits despite not being on the Missouri List, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 198, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for cov-erage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 366, a bill to require Senate candidates to file designations, state-ments, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 386, a bill to limit the author-ity of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse prac-titioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation pro-grams. 
S. 860 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 860, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1455 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.009 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3172 May 25, 2016 
(Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1455, a bill to provide ac-cess to medication-assisted therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated serv-ice of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1642 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1642, a bill to reduce Federal, State, and local costs of providing high-quality drinking water to millions of people in the United States residing in rural communities by facilitating greater use of cost-effective alternative systems, including well water systems, and for other purposes. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 2010 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2010, a bill to provide for phased- in payment of Social Security Dis-ability Insurance payments during the waiting period for individuals with a terminal illness. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2031, a bill to reduce tempo-rarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2066 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2066, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
S. 2113 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2113, a bill to harness the expertise, ingenuity, and creativity of all people to contribute to innovation in the United States and to help solve problems or scientific questions by en-couraging and increasing the use of crowdsourcing and citizen science methods within the Federal Govern-ment, as appropriate, and for other purposes. S. 2216 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2216, a bill to provide im-munity from suit for certain individ-uals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citi-zens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2540, a bill to provide access to counsel for unaccompanied children and other vulnerable populations. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2736, a bill to improve access to durable medical equipment for Medi-care beneficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2750 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2750, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provi-sions. 
S. 2770 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2770, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require providers of a covered service to pro-vide call location information con-cerning the telecommunications device of a user of such service to an inves-tigative or law enforcement officer in an emergency situation involving risk of death or serious physical injury or in order to respond to the user’s call for emergency services. 
S. 2772 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2772, a bill to eliminate the re-quirement that veterans pay a copay-ment to the Department of Veterans Affairs to receive opioid antagonists or education on the use of opioid antago-nists. 
S. 2786 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2786, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for payments for certain rural health clin-ic and Federally qualified health cen-ter services furnished to hospice pa-tients under the Medicare program. 
S. 2799 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2799, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary patient registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. S. 2870 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from Mon-tana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2870, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to prevent retaliation in the military, and for other purposes. 
S. 2873 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2873, a bill to require studies and reports examining the use of, and op-portunities to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2889 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2889, a bill to amend the National Science Foundation Author-ization Act of 2010 to authorize an In-novation Corps. 
S. 2894 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2894, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code and the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 to provide for salary reductions for cer-tain employees of a pension plan in critical or declining status that re-duces participant benefits, and for other purposes. 
S. 2895 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2895, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S. RES. 340 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 340, a resolution expressing the sense of Con-gress that the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS or Da’esh) is committing genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, and calling upon the President to work with for-eign governments and the United Na-tions to provide physical protection for ISIS’ targets, to support the creation of an international criminal tribunal with jurisdiction to punish these crimes, and to use every reasonable means, including sanctions, to destroy ISIS and disrupt its support networks. 
S. RES. 373 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Maryland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.010 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3173 May 25, 2016 
(Mr. C ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 373, a resolution recognizing the historical significance of Executive Order 9066 and expressing the sense of the Senate that policies that discrimi-nate against any individual based on the actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, or religion of that indi-vidual would be a repetition of the mis-takes of Executive Order 9066 and con-trary to the values of the United States. 
S. RES. 466 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 466, a resolution recog-nizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and encouraging Congress to implement policy to im-prove the lives of children in the fos-ter-care system. 
S. RES. 467 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 467, a resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Nurses Week, to be observed from May 6 through May 12, 2016. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4067 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4067 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4068 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4068 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4085 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Mis-souri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4085 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 4098 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4098 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4100 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4100 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4112 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4112 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4118 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4118 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4120 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4120 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN: S. 2984. A bill to impose sanctions in relation to violations by Iran of the Geneva Convention (III) or the right under international law to conduct in-nocent passage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2984 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Impunity for Iranian Aggression at Sea Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS ON INDIVID-UALS WHO WERE COMPLICIT IN VIO-LATIONS OF THE GENEVA CONVEN-TION OR THE RIGHT UNDER INTER-NATIONAL LAW TO CONDUCT INNO-CENT PASSAGE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that includes— (A) a determination with respect to wheth-er, during or after the incident that began on January 12, 2016, in which forces of Iran boarded two United States Navy riverine combat vessels and detained at gunpoint the crews of those vessels, any of the actions of the forces of Iran constituted a violation of— (i) the Geneva Convention; or (ii) the right under international law to conduct innocent passage; and (B) a certification with respect to whether or not Federal funds, including the $1,700,000,000 payment that was announced by the Secretary of State on January 17, 2016, were paid to Iran, directly or indirectly, to effect the release of— (i) the members of the United States Navy who were detained in the incident described in subparagraph (A); or (ii) other United States citizens, including Jason Rezaian, Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari, and Matthew Trevithick, the release of whom was announced on January 16, 2016. (2) A
CTIONS TO BE ASSESSED .—In assessing actions of the forces of Iran under paragraph (1)(A), the President shall consider, at a min-imum, the following actions: (A) The stopping, boarding, search, and sei-zure of the two United States Navy riverine combat vessels in the incident described in paragraph (1)(A). (B) The removal from their vessels and de-tention of members of the United States Armed Forces in that incident. (C) The theft or confiscation of electronic navigational equipment or any other equip-ment from the vessels. (D) The forcing of one or more members of the United States Armed Forces to apologize for their actions. (E) The display, videotaping, or photographing of members of the United States Armed Forces and the subsequent broadcasting or other use of those photo-graphs or videos. (F) The forcing of female members of the United States Armed Forces to wear head coverings. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIONS .—In the case of each action that the President determines under paragraph (1)(A) is a violation of the Geneva Convention or the right under inter-national law to conduct innocent passage, the President shall include in the report re-quired by that paragraph a description of the action and an explanation of how the action violated the Geneva Convention or the right to conduct innocent passage, as the case may be. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.012 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3174 May 25, 2016 
(4) F ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (b) L
IST OF CERTAIN PERSONS WHOHAVE B
EENCOMPLICIT IN VIOLATIONS OF THE GENE-
VACONVENTION OR THE RIGHT TO CONDUCT IN-
NOCENT PASSAGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the submission of the report required by subsection (a), if the President has deter-mined that one or more actions of the forces of Iran constituted a violation of the Geneva Convention or the right under international law to conduct innocent passage, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a list of persons who are officials of the Government of Iran or were acting on behalf of that Government that, based on credible evidence, are responsible for or complicit in, or responsible for order-ing, controlling, or otherwise directing, any such violation. (2) U
PDATES OF LIST .—The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an updated list under paragraph (1) as new information becomes available. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—To the maximum extent practicable, the list required by para-graph (1) shall be made available to the pub-lic and posted on publicly accessible Internet websites of the Department of Defense and the Department of State. (c) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall im-pose the sanctions described in paragraph (2) with respect to each person on the list re-quired by subsection (b). (2) S
ANCTIONS .— (A) P
ROHIBITION ON ENTRY AND ADMISSION  
TO THE UNITED STATES .—An alien on the list required by subsection (b) may not— (i) be admitted to, enter, or transit through the United States; (ii) receive any lawful immigration status in the United States under the immigration laws; or (iii) file any application or petition to ob-tain such admission, entry, or status. (B) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, pur-suant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a per-son on the list required by subsection (b) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (ii) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  
GOODS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property under clause (i) shall not include the authority to impose sanctions on the importation of goods. (II) G
OOD.—In this subparagraph, the term ‘‘good’’ has the meaning given that term in section 16 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (iii) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of clause (i) or any regula-tion, license, or order issued to carry out clause (i) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same ex-tent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that sec-tion. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN ; IMMIGRATION LAWS .— The terms ‘‘admitted’’, ‘‘alien’’, and ‘‘immi-gration laws’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (3) F
ORCES OF IRAN .—The term ‘‘forces of Iran’’ means the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, members of other military or paramilitary units of the Government of Iran, and other agents of that Government. (4) G
ENEVA CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘Gene-va Convention’’ means the Convention rel-ative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, done at Geneva on August 12, 1949 (6 UST 3316) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Geneva Convention (III))’’. (5) I
NNOCENT PASSAGE .—The term ‘‘inno-cent passage’’ means the principle under cus-tomary international law that all vessels have the right to conduct innocent passage through another country’s territorial waters for the purpose of continuous and expedi-tious traversing. (6) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 2988. A bill to extend the sunset of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 in order to effectuate the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action in guaranteeing that all nuclear material in Iran remains in peaceful activities; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I am pleased to introduce with my colleague Senator M
URPHY , a bill that extends the sunset of the Iran Sanctions Act, ISA, of 1996 until the President cer-tifies to Congress that the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency has reached a broader conclusion that all nuclear material in Iran remains in peaceful activities. Currently, ISA expires on December 31st, 2016. Tying ISA’s extension to Iran’s compliance with the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, JCPOA, will provide the administration additional leverage to ensure that a ‘‘snap back’’ of sanctions would have significant ef-fect on Iran’s economy. Since its enact-ment in 1996, ISA has been a pivotal component of U.S. sanctions against Iran’s energy sector and other indus-tries and remains a critical foundation of our overall sanctions architecture. Administration officials have indi-cated that extending ISA, with its cur-rent waiver authorities, would not vio-late the JCPOA, as it imposes no new sanctions. Additionally, ISA is about more than Iran’s nuclear program, but also its support for international ter-rorism, which endangers the national security and foreign policy interests of the United States and those countries with which the United States shares common strategic and foreign policy objectives. ISA addresses this issue by denying Iran money to finance inter-national terrorism. By specifying in the bill that the ex-tension of ISA ‘‘effectuates the JCPOA,’’ the intent is to support Con-gressional actions in line with the deal negotiated by the P5+1 and Iran, par-ticularly following Congress’s com-prehensive review of the deal and deci-sion to move forward under the Iran Nuclear Review Agreement Act of 2015. I am proud to introduce this bill with Senator MURPHY to make sure that ISA is in place during the JCPOA to signal to the commitment of Congress to vigorously enforce Iran’s compliance and to make clear that should Iran break the terms of the agreement, there will be clear consequences, in-cluding the re-imposition of sanctions. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING): S. 2990. A bill to prohibit the Presi-dent from preventing foreign air car-riers traveling to or from Cuba from making transit stops in the United States for refueling and other technical services based on the Cuban Assets Control Regulations; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. Ms. COLLINS. Mr President, I rise to introduce bipartisan legislation with my colleague from Maine, Senator K
ING, to permit foreign air carriers traveling to or from Cuba to make non- traffic, transit stops in the United States. Enactment of this legislation will create new opportunities for U.S. workers and airports. For decades U.S. airports, including Bangor International Airport in Maine, have lost out on additional revenue be-cause the current travel ban on Cuba prevents them from providing transit stop services to flights departing from or en route to Cuba. During these transit stops, pas-sengers do not disembark the plane and no new passengers board the aircraft. Yet, these stops are valuable for air-ports and their employees who can offer fuel, de-icing, catering, and crew services. Under the current travel ban, however, foreign air carriers are forced to make transit stops in Canada rather than the United States, and any poten-tial profit for U.S. airports flies right across the border along with the planes. The current disparity means that air-ports like Bangor not only lose revenue related to flights to or from Cuba, but also from transit stops for European flights to and from many other des-tinations in North America, Central America, and the Caribbean. That is because if foreign airlines cannot use Bangor for all of their flights, it is sim-ply easier and more efficient for them to refuel at one airport that can meet all of their needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.014 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3175 May 25, 2016 
The purpose of economic sanctions was to limit hard currency to Cuba— not to harm American workers and cit-ies. Allowing U.S. airports to provide these services could support additional jobs for families in Maine and other areas throughout the country. Allowing such transit stops would also be consistent with existing inter-national air transportation agree-ments. For example, in 2007 the U.S. and the EU signed an Air Transport Agreement that granted airlines of one party the right to make stops in the territory of the other party for non- traffic, transit purposes. Likewise, the Chicago Convention, to which there are 191 parties, recognizes the right to refuel or carry out mainte-nance in a foreign country, including the United States. The United States should fulfill its obligations and permit such transit stops at U.S. airports, no matter the destination. Our bill would provide American air-ports and workers the opportunity to compete with Canadian airports and would bring the United States into compliance with international air trav-el agreements. I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port this commonsense, bipartisan bill. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 474—PROHIB-ITING CONSIDERATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS THAT ARE NOT AUTHORIZED Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , Mr. L EE, Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 474 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Steermark Accountability Resolution’’. 
SEC. 2. UNAUTHORIZED APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report containing a provision mak-ing an appropriation— (1) that is not made to carry out the provi-sions of some existing law, or treaty stipula-tion, or act or resolution previously passed by the Senate during that session; or (2) that is made to carry out a program, project, or activity for which an authoriza-tion of appropriations is not in effect. (b) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—In the Senate, a point of order under subsection (a) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (c) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to subsection (a), and such point of order being sustained, such material contained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall pro-ceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amendment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which fur-ther amendment shall consist of only that portion of the conference report or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be decided under the same debate limi-tation, if any, as the conference report or amendment between the Houses. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. (d) WAIVER AND APPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirm-ative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). (2) D
EBATE .—A motion to waive or suspend subsection (a) or to appeal the ruling of the Chair under subsection (a) shall be decided under the same debate limitation, if any, as the bill, joint resolution, motion, amend-ment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report containing the applicable provision. (e) I
DENTIFICATION BY COMMITTEE .— (1) S
TATEMENT FOR THE RECORD .—If a com- mittee reports a bill or joint resolution con-taining an appropriation described in para-graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a), the Chair-man of the committee shall submit for print-ing in the Congressional Record a statement identifying each such appropriation through lists, charts, or other similar means. (2) P
UBLICATION .—As soon as practicable after submitting a statement under para-graph (1), the Chairman of a committee shall make available on a publicly accessible con-gressional website the information described in paragraph (1). To the extent technically feasible, information made available on a publicly accessible congressional website under this subsection shall be provided in a searchable format. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 475—RECOG-NIZING THE 100TH RUNNING OF THE INDIANAPOLIS 500 MILE RACE Mr. COATS (for himself and Mr. D
ON-
NELLY ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES475 Whereas founders of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Carl G. Fisher, Arthur C. Newby, Frank H. Wheeler, and James A. Al-lison pooled their resources in 1909 to build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway 6 miles from downtown Indianapolis as a testing ground to support the growing automotive industry of Indiana, paving the way for motorsport innovation; Whereas, in 1909, the track of the Indianap-olis Motor Speedway was surfaced with 3,200,000 paving bricks at a cost of $400,000; Whereas, on May 30, 1911, the first Indian-apolis 500 Mile Race took place and was won by Ray Harroun in 6 hours and 42 minutes at an average speed of 74.6 miles per hour; Whereas, as of 2016, the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race has occurred on every Memorial Day weekend since 1911, except during the involvement of the United States in World Wars I and II from 1917 through 1918 and 1942 through 1945, respectively; Whereas, in 1936, Louis Meyer, after his third win of the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race, established the iconic tradition of drinking milk in the winner’s circle; Whereas Tony Hulman purchased the Indi-anapolis Motor Speedway in 1945, restoring the track and restarting the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race after its cancellation during World War II; Whereas the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race is the largest single day sporting event in the world, with more than 300,000 fans packing the grandstands and the expansive infield of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on race day; Whereas the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race has played an integral part in the culture and heritage of the City of Indianapolis, the State of Indiana, and motorsports and the automotive industry in the United States; Whereas the Indianapolis Motor Speedway has been a showcase of speed, human achievement, and the continuous pursuit of glory, and is a source of great pride for all citizens of Indiana; Whereas Tony Kanaan set the record for the fastest Indianapolis 500 Mile Race, fin-ishing it in slightly longer than 2 hours and 40 minutes at an average speed of 187.4 miles per hour; Whereas, in 2016, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and racing fans around the world prepare to celebrate the greatest spectacle in racing for the 100th time: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes the 100th running of the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race. f SENATE RESOLUTION 476—DESIG-NATING THE MONTH OF MAY 2016 AS ‘‘CYSTIC FIBROSIS AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 476 Whereas cystic fibrosis (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘CF’’) is a genetic disease af-fecting more than 30,000 children and adults in the United States and more than 70,000 children and adults worldwide; Whereas, in patients with CF, a defective gene causes the body to produce an abnor-mally thick, sticky mucus that clogs the lungs, produces life-threatening lung infec-tions, and obstructs the pancreas, preventing digestive enzymes from reaching the intes-tines to help break down and absorb food; Whereas there are approximately 1,000 new cases of CF diagnosed each year; Whereas infant blood screening to detect genetic defects is the most reliable and least costly method to identify individuals likely to have 1 of 1,800 different CF mutations; Whereas early diagnosis of CF permits early treatment and enhances quality of life, longevity, and the treatment of CF; Whereas CF impacts the families of pa-tients because of the intense daily disease management protocols that patients must endure; Whereas, in the United States, there are more than 120 CF care centers and 55 affil-iate programs with highly trained and dedi-cated providers that specialize in delivering high-quality, coordinated care for CF pa-tients and their families; Whereas the number of adults with CF has steadily grown and the median age of sur-vival for a person with CF is now nearly 40 years of age; and Whereas innovative precision medicines and treatments have greatly improved and extended the lives of patients: Now, there-fore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.019 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3176 May 25, 2016 
Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the month of May 2016 as ‘‘Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month’’; (2) congratulates the community of indi-viduals who care for patients with cystic fi-brosis for their unrelenting dedication to those patients; (3) recognizes that the care delivery sys-tem for cystic fibrosis can be a model for building better care coordination in the larg-er healthcare system; (4) acknowledges the tremendous invest-ments and scientific achievements that have significantly improved the lives of individ-uals with cystic fibrosis; and (5) urges researchers, developers, patients, and providers to work together closely to find a cure for this deadly disease. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 477—PRO-MOTING MINORITY HEALTH AWARENESS AND SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NA-TIONAL MINORITY HEALTH MONTH IN APRIL 2016, WHICH IN-CLUDE BRINGING ATTENTION TO THE HEALTH DISPARITIES FACED BY MINORITY POPU-LATIONS OF THE UNITED STATES SUCH AS AMERICAN IN-DIANS, ALASKAN NATIVES, ASIAN AMERICANS, AFRICAN AMERICANS, LATINO AMERI-CANS, AND NATIVE HAWAIIANS OR OTHER PACIFIC ISLANDERS Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. S CHATZ ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 477 Whereas the origin of the National Minor-ity Health Month is National Negro Health Week, established in 1915 by Dr. Booker T. Washington; Whereas the theme for National Minority Health Month in 2016 is ‘‘Accelerating Health Equity for the Nation’’; Whereas, through the ‘‘National Stake-holder Strategy for Achieving Health Eq-uity’’ and the ‘‘HHS Action Plan to Reduce Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities’’, the Department of Health and Human Services has set goals and strategies to advance the safety, health, and well-being of the people of the United States; Whereas a study by the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, entitled ‘‘The Economic Burden of Health Inequal-ities in the United States’’, concludes that, between 2003 and 2006, the combined cost of ‘‘health inequalities and premature death in the United States’’ was $1,240,000,000,000; Whereas the Department of Health and Human Services has identified 6 main cat-egories in which racial and ethnic minorities experience the most disparate access to health care and health outcomes, including infant mortality, cancer screening and man-agement, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, HIV/AIDS, and immunizations; Whereas, in 2012, African American women were 10 percent less likely to have been diag-nosed with, yet were almost 42 percent more likely to die from, breast cancer than non- Hispanic White women; Whereas African American women are twice as likely to lose their lives to cervical cancer as non-Hispanic White women; Whereas African Americans are 50 percent more likely to die from a stroke than non- Hispanic Whites; Whereas, in 2013, Hispanics were 1.4 times more likely than non-Hispanic Whites to die of diabetes; Whereas Latino men are 3 times more like-ly to have either HIV infections or AIDS than non-Hispanic White men; Whereas Latina women are 4 times more likely to have AIDS than non-Hispanic White women; Whereas, in 2014, although African Ameri-cans represented only 13 percent of the popu-lation of the United States, they accounted for 43 percent of HIV infections in that year; Whereas, in 2010, African American youth accounted for an estimated 57 percent of all new HIV infections among youth in the United States, followed by 20 percent of Latino youth; Whereas Asian American women are 18.2 percent more likely to be diagnosed with HIV than non-Hispanic White women; Whereas Native Hawaiians living in Hawaii are 5.7 times more likely to die of diabetes than non-Hispanic Whites living in Hawaii; Whereas, although the prevalence of obe-sity is high among all population groups in the United States, 48 percent of African Americans, 31.8 percent of Hispanics, and 11 percent of Asian Americans are obese; Whereas, in 2012, Asian Americans were 1.6 times more likely than non-Hispanic Whites to contract Hepatitis A; Whereas among all ethnic groups in 2012, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders had the highest incidence of Hepatitis A; Whereas Asian American women are 1.5 times more likely than non-Hispanic Whites to die from viral hepatitis; Whereas Asian Americans are 5.5 times more likely than non-Hispanic Whites to de-velop chronic Hepatitis B; Whereas, in 2013, 80 percent of children born infected with HIV belonged to minority groups; Whereas the Department of Health and Human Services has identified heart disease, stroke, cancer, and diabetes as some of the leading causes of death among American In-dians and Alaskan Natives; Whereas American Indians and Alaskan Natives die from diabetes, alcoholism, unin-tentional injuries, homicide, and suicide at higher rates than other people in the United States; Whereas American Indians and Alaskan Natives have a life expectancy that is 4.4 years shorter than the life expectancy of the overall population of the United States; Whereas African American babies are al-most twice as likely as non-Hispanic White or Latino babies to be born at low birth weight; Whereas American Indian and Alaskan Na-tive babies are twice as likely as non-His-panic White babies to die from sudden infant death syndrome; Whereas American Indian and Alaskan Na-tives have 1.5 times the infant mortality rate as that of non-Hispanic Whites; Whereas American Indian and Alaskan Na-tive babies are 50 percent more likely to die before their first birthday than babies of non-Hispanic Whites; Whereas marked differences in the social determinants of health, described by the World Health Organization as ‘‘the high bur-den of illness responsible for appalling pre-mature loss of life [that] arises in large part because of the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age’’, lead to poor health outcomes and declines in longevity; Whereas the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119) provides specific protections and rights for American Indians and Alaskan Na-tives, 23 percent of whom lack health insur-ance; Whereas, despite the substantial improve-ments in health insurance coverage among women overall, women of color are more likely to be uninsured; Whereas, in 2013, 15.9 percent of African Americans were uninsured, as compared to 9.8 percent of non-Hispanic Whites; Whereas African American women are more likely to be uninsured or underinsured, at a rate of 19 percent; Whereas 1⁄4of Latinas live in poverty and Latinas have the greatest percentage of un-insured women in any racial group at a rate of 31 percent; and Whereas community-based health care ini-tiatives, such as prevention-focused pro-grams, present a unique opportunity to use innovative approaches to improve health practices across the United States and to sharply reduce disparities among racial and ethnic minority populations: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month, which include bringing attention to the severe health disparities faced by minor-ity populations in the United States, such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Americans, African Americans, Latino Americans, and Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 478—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF JUNE 2, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS DAY’’ AND JUNE 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL GUN VIO-LENCE AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. K AINE, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. R EED, and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 478 Whereas, each year, more than— (1) 32,000 people in the United States are killed and 80,000 are injured by gunfire; (2) 11,000 people in the United States are killed in homicides involving firearms; (3) 21,000 people in the United States com-mit suicide by using firearms; and (4) 500 people in the United States are killed in accidental shootings; Whereas, since 1968, more people of the United States have died from guns in the United States than on the battlefields of all the wars in the history of the United States; Whereas, by 1 count in 2015 in the United States, there were— (1) 372 mass shooting incidents in which not fewer than 4 people were killed or wounded by gunfire; and (2) 64 incidents in which a gun was fired in a school; Whereas gun violence typically escalates during the summer months; Whereas, every 70 minutes, 1 person in the United States under 25 years of age dies be-cause of gun violence, and more than 6,300 such individuals die annually, including Hadiya Pendleton, who, in 2013, was killed at 15 years of age while standing in a Chicago park; and Whereas, on June 2, 2016, on what would have been Hadiya Pendleton’s 19th birthday, people across the United States will recog-nize National Gun Violence Awareness Day and wear orange in tribute to Hadiya and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.021 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3177 May 25, 2016 
other victims of gun violence and their loved ones: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports— (A) the designation of June 2016 as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Month’’ and the goals and ideals of that month; and (B) the designation of June 2, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Day’’ in re-membrance of the victims of gun violence; and (2) calls on the people of the United States to— (A) promote greater awareness of gun vio-lence and gun safety; (B) wear orange, the color that hunters wear to show that they are not targets, on June 2; (C) concentrate heightened attention on gun violence during the summer months, when gun violence typically increases; and (D) bring citizens and community leaders together to discuss ways to make commu-nities safer. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4142. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. W ICKER , Ms. A
YOTTE , and Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4143. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4144. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4145. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4146. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4147. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4148. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4149. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4150. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. K IRK, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. B URR, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. E RNST , Mr. P ERDUE , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. B
ARRASSO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4151. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4152. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mrs. E RNST ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4153. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. DUR-
BIN, Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mrs. E RNST ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4154. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4155. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4156. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4157. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4158. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4159. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4160. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4161. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4162. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4163. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4164. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4165. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. T OOMEY , and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4166. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4167. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4168. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4169. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4170. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4171. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4172. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. V IT-
TER, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. N ELSON ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4173. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4174. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4175. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4176. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4177. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4178. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4179. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. VITTER , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4180. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4181. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4182. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4183. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4184. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4185. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4186. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4187. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4188. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4189. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4190. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4191. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4192. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4193. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.021 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3178 May 25, 2016 
SA 4194. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4195. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4196. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4197. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4198. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4199. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4200. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4201. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4202. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. W AR-
NER, Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4203. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4204. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B URR, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. U DALL , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. L ANKFORD , Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. V
ITTER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. S ESSIONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4205. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4206. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4207. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4208. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4209. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Ms. S
TA-
BENOW , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. M ARKEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4210. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4211. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4212. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4213. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. HELLER , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4214. Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4215. Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4216. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4217. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K ING, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. K IRK) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4218. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4219. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4220. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4221. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4222. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4223. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4224. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4225. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4226. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4227. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4228. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , and Ms. C ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4229. Mr. McCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4230. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. S
CHATZ ) pro- posed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 416, recognizing the contributions of Ha-waii to the culinary heritage of the United States and designating the week beginning on June 12, 2016, as ‘‘National Hawaiian Food Week’’. SA 4231. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4232. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4233. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4234. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4235. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. TESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4236. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4142. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. W
ICKER , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In title XXXV of division C, strike section 3501 and insert the following: 
SEC. 3500. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Maritime Administration Authoriza-tion and Enhancement Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. Subtitle A—Maritime Administration Authorization 
SEC. 3501. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation for fiscal year 2017, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, for programs associated with maintain-ing the United States merchant marine, the following amounts: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy, $99,902,000, of which— (A) $74,851,000 shall be for Academy oper-ations; and (B) $25,051,000 shall remain available until expended for capital asset management at the Academy. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $29,550,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for the Student Incentive Program; (B) $3,000,000 shall remain available until expended for direct payments to such acad-emies; (C) $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.024 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3179 May 25, 2016 
(D) $1,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance; and (E) $350,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for expenses to improve the moni-toring of the service obligations of grad-uates. (3) For expenses necessary to support the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Pro-gram, $6,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and pro-grams, $57,142,000. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $20,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (6) For the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guarantees under the program authorized by chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $3,000,000, which shall re-main available until expended for adminis-trative expenses of the program. 
SEC. 3502. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION AUTHOR-IZATION REQUEST. 
Section 109 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(k) S
UBMISSION OF ANNUAL MARITIME AD-
MINISTRATION AUTHORIZATION REQUEST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget for a fiscal year pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Mari-time Administrator shall submit a Maritime Administration authorization request with respect to such fiscal year to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) D
EFINED TERM .—In this subsection, the term ‘Maritime Administration authoriza-tion request’ means a proposal for legislation that, with respect to the Maritime Adminis-tration for the relevant fiscal year— ‘‘(A) recommends authorizations of appro-priations for that fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) addresses any other matter that the Maritime Administrator determines is ap-propriate for inclusion in a Maritime Admin-istration authorization bill.’’. Subtitle B—Prevention of Sexual Harassment and Assault at the United States Merchant Marine Academy 
SEC. 3506. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT AND SEXUAL ASSAULT AT THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MA-RINE ACADEMY. 
(a) P OLICY .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51318. Policy on sexual harassment and sexual assault ‘‘(a) R
EQUIRED POLICY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall direct the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy to prescribe a policy on sexual harass-ment and sexual assault applicable to the ca-dets and other personnel of the Academy. ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS TO BE SPECIFIED IN POLICY .— The policy on sexual harassment and sexual assault prescribed under this subsection shall include— ‘‘(A) a program to promote awareness of the incidence of rape, acquaintance rape, and other sexual offenses of a criminal nature that involve cadets or other Academy per-sonnel; ‘‘(B) procedures that a cadet should follow in the case of an occurrence of sexual harass-ment or sexual assault, including— ‘‘(i) specifying the person or persons to whom an alleged occurrence of sexual har-assment or sexual assault should be reported by a cadet and the options for confidential reporting; ‘‘(ii) specifying any other person whom the victim should contact; and ‘‘(iii) procedures on the preservation of evi-dence potentially necessary for proof of criminal sexual assault; ‘‘(C) a procedure for disciplinary action in cases of alleged criminal sexual assault in-volving a cadet or other Academy personnel; ‘‘(D) any other sanction authorized to be imposed in a substantiated case of sexual harassment or sexual assault involving a cadet or other Academy personnel in rape, acquaintance rape, or any other criminal sexual offense, whether forcible or nonforc-ible; and ‘‘(E) required training on the policy for all cadets and other Academy personnel, includ-ing the specific training required for per-sonnel who process allegations of sexual har-assment or sexual assault involving Acad-emy personnel. ‘‘(3) AVAILABILITY OF POLICY .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that the policy developed under this subsection is available to— ‘‘(A) all cadets and employees of the Acad-emy; and ‘‘(B) the public. ‘‘(4) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE .—In de- veloping the policy under this subsection, the Secretary may consult or receive assist-ance from such Federal, State, local, and na-tional organizations and subject matter ex-perts as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall ensure that the development program of the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy includes a section that— ‘‘(A) describes the relationship between honor, respect, and character development and the prevention of sexual harassment and sexual assault at the Academy; and ‘‘(B) includes a brief history of the problem of sexual harassment and sexual assault in the merchant marine, in the Armed Forces, and at the Academy; and ‘‘(C) includes information relating to re-porting sexual harassment and sexual as-sault, victims’ rights, and dismissal for of-fenders. ‘‘(2) T
RAINING .—The Superintendent of the Academy shall ensure that all cadets receive the training described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) not later than 7 days after their ini-tial arrival at the Academy; and ‘‘(B) biannually thereafter until they grad-uate or leave the Academy. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL ASSESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation, in cooperation with the Super-intendent of the Academy, shall conduct an assessment at the Academy during each Academy program year to determine the ef-fectiveness of the policies, procedures, and training of the Academy with respect to sex-ual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or other Academy personnel. ‘‘(2) B
IENNIAL SURVEY .—For each assess-ment of the Academy under paragraph (1) during an Academy program year that be-gins in an odd-numbered calendar year, the Secretary shall conduct a survey of cadets and other Academy personnel— ‘‘(A) to measure— ‘‘(i) the incidence, during that program year, of sexual harassment and sexual as-sault events, on or off the Academy campus, that have been reported to officials of the Academy; and ‘‘(ii) the incidence, during that program year, of sexual harassment and sexual as-sault events, on or off the Academy campus, that have not been reported to officials of the Academy; and ‘‘(B) to assess the perceptions of cadets and other Academy personnel on— ‘‘(i) the policies, procedures, and training on sexual harassment and sexual assault in-volving cadets or Academy personnel; ‘‘(ii) the enforcement of the policies de-scribed in clause (i); ‘‘(iii) the incidence of sexual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or Acad-emy personnel; and ‘‘(iv) any other issues relating to sexual harassment and sexual assault involving ca-dets or Academy personnel. ‘‘(3) FOCUS GROUPS FOR YEARS WHEN SURVEY  
NOT REQUIRED .—In any year in which the Secretary of Transportation is not required to conduct the survey described in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall conduct focus groups at the Academy for the purposes of ascertaining information relating to sexual assault and sexual harassment issues at the Academy. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Superintendent of the Academy shall submit a report to the Secretary of Transportation that provides information about sexual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or other per-sonnel at the Academy for each Academy program year. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the Academy program year covered by the re-port— ‘‘(A) the number of sexual assaults, rapes, and other sexual offenses involving cadets or other Academy personnel that have been re-ported to Academy officials; ‘‘(B) the number of the reported cases de-scribed in subparagraph (A) that have been substantiated; ‘‘(C) the policies, procedures, and training implemented by the Superintendent and the leadership of the Academy in response to sexual harassment and sexual assault involv-ing cadets or other Academy personnel; and ‘‘(D) a plan for the actions that will be taken in the following Academy program year regarding prevention of, and response to, sexual harassment and sexual assault in-volving cadets or other Academy personnel. ‘‘(3) S
URVEY AND FOCUS GROUP RESULTS .— ‘‘(A) S
URVEY RESULTS .—Each report under paragraph (1) for an Academy program year that begins in an odd-numbered calendar year shall include the results of the survey conducted in that program year under sub-section (c)(2). ‘‘(B) F
OCUS GROUP RESULTS .—Each report under paragraph (1) for an Academy program year in which the Secretary of Transpor-tation is not required to conduct the survey described (c)(2) shall include the results of the focus group conducted in that program year under subsection (c)(3). ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) B
Y THE SUPERINTENDENT .—For each incident of sexual harassment or sexual as-sault reported to the Superintendent under this subsection, the Superintendent shall provide the Secretary of Transportation and the Board of Visitors of the Academy with a report that includes— ‘‘(i) the facts surrounding the incident, ex-cept for any details that would reveal the identities of the people involved; and ‘‘(ii) the Academy’s response to the inci-dent. ‘‘(B) B
Y THE SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall submit a copy of each report received under subparagraph (A) and the Secretary’s comments on the report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3180 May 25, 2016 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘51318. Policy on sexual harassment and sex-ual assault.’’. 
SEC. 3507. SEXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDI-NATORS AND SEXUAL ASSAULT VIC-TIM ADVOCATES. 
(a) C OORDINATORS AND ADVOCATES .—Chap- ter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by section 3506, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51319. Sexual assault response coordina-tors and sexual assault victim advocates ‘‘(a) S
EXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDINA -
TORS .—The United States Merchant Marine Academy shall employ or contract with at least 1 full-time sexual assault response co-ordinator who shall reside on or near the Academy. The Secretary of Transportation may assign additional full-time or part-time sexual assault response coordinators at the Academy as may be necessary. ‘‘(b) V
OLUNTEER SEXUAL ASSAULT VICTIM  A
DVOCATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation, acting through the Super-intendent of the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy, shall designate 1 or more per-manent employees who volunteer to serve as advocates for victims of sexual assaults in-volving— ‘‘(A) cadets of the Academy; or ‘‘(B) individuals who work with or conduct business on behalf of the Academy. ‘‘(2) T
RAINING ; OTHER DUTIES .—Each victim advocate designated under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) have or receive training in matters re-lating to sexual assault and the comprehen-sive policy developed under section 51318 of title 46, United States Code; and ‘‘(B) serve as a victim advocate volun-tarily, in addition to the individual’s other duties as an employee of the Academy. ‘‘(3) P
RIMARY DUTIES .—While performing the duties of a victim advocate under this subsection, a designated employee shall— ‘‘(A) support victims of sexual assault by informing them of the rights and resources available to them as victims; ‘‘(B) identify additional resources to en-sure the safety of victims of sexual assault; and ‘‘(C) connect victims of sexual assault to an Academy sexual assault response coordi-nator, or full-time or part-time victim advo-cate, who shall act as a companion in navi-gating investigative, medical, mental and emotional health, and recovery processes re-lating to sexual assault. ‘‘(4) C
OMPANION .—At least 1 victim advo-cate designated under this subsection, while performing the duties of a victim advocate, shall act as a companion in navigating inves-tigative, medical, mental and emotional health, and recovery processes relating to sexual assault. ‘‘(5) H
OTLINE .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a 24-hour hotline through which the vic-tim of a sexual assault can receive victim support services. ‘‘(6) F
ORMAL RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHER EN -
TITIES .—The Secretary may enter into for-mal relationships with other entities to make available additional victim advocates or to implement paragraphs (3), (4), and (5). ‘‘(7) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Information dis-closed by a victim to an advocate designated under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be treated by the advocate as confidential; and ‘‘(B) may not be disclosed by the advocate without the consent of the victim.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘51319. Sexual assault response coordinators and sexual assault victim advo-cates.’’. SEC. 3508. REPORT FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2018, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives that describes the effectiveness of the sexual harassment and sexual assault prevention and response program at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) assess progress toward addressing any outstanding recommendations; (2) include any recommendations to reduce the number of sexual assaults involving members of the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy, whether a member is the vic-tim, the alleged assailant, or both; (3) include any recommendations to im-prove the response of the Department of Transportation and the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy to reports of sexual assaults involving members of the Academy, whether a members is the victim, the alleged assailant, or both. (c) E
XPERTISE .—In compiling the report re-quired under this section, the inspection teams acting under the direction of the In-spector General shall— (1) include at least 1 member with exper-tise and knowledge of sexual assault preven-tion and response policies; or (2) consult with subject matter experts in the prevention of and response to sexual as-saults. 
SEC. 3509. SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall convene a working group to examine methods to im-prove the prevention of, and response to, any sexual harassment or sexual assault that oc-curs during a Cadet’s Sea Year experience with the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall designate individuals to serve as members of the working group convened pur-suant to subsection (a). Membership in the working group shall consist of— (1) a representative of the Maritime Ad-ministration, which shall serve as chair of the working group; (2) the Superintendent of the Academy, or designee; (3) the sexual assault response coordinator appointed under section 51319 of title 46, United States Code; (4) a subject matter expert from the Coast Guard; (5) a subject matter expert from the Mili-tary Sealift Command; (6) at least 1 representative from each of the State maritime academies; (7) at least 1 representative from each pri-vate contracting party participating in the maritime security program; (8) at least 1 representative from each non-profit labor organization representing a class or craft of employees employed on vessels in the Maritime Security Fleet; (9) at least 2 representatives from approved maritime training institutions; and (10) at least 1 representative from compa-nies that— (A) participate in sea training of Academy cadets; and (B) do not participate in the maritime se-curity program. (c) NOQUORUM REQUIREMENT .—The Mari-time Administration may convene the work-ing group without all members present. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group shall— (1) evaluate options that could promote a climate of honor and respect, and a culture that is intolerant of sexual harassment and sexual assault and those who commit it, across the United States Flag Fleet; (2) raise awareness of the United States Merchant Marine Academy’s sexual assault prevention and response program across the United States Flag Fleet; (3) assess options that could be imple-mented by the United States Flag Fleet that would remove any barriers to the reporting of sexual harassment and sexual assault re-sponse that occur during a Cadet’s Sea Year experience and protect the victim’s confiden-tiality; (4) assess a potential program or policy, applicable to all participants of the mari-time security program, to improve the pre-vention of, and response to, sexual harass-ment and sexual assault incidents; (5) assess a potential program or policy, applicable to all vessels operating in the United States Flag Fleet that participate in the Maritime Security Fleet under section 53101 of title 46, United States Code, which carry cargos to which chapter 531 of such title applies, or are chartered by a Federal agency, requiring crews to complete a sexual harassment and sexual assault prevention and response training program before the Ca-det’s Sea Year that includes— (A) fostering a shipboard climate— (i) that does not tolerate sexual harass-ment and sexual assault; (ii) in which persons assigned to vessel crews are encouraged to intervene to prevent potential incidents of sexual harassment or sexual assault; and (iii) that encourages victims of sexual as-sault to report any incident of sexual harass-ment or sexual assault; and (B) understanding the needs of, and the re-sources available to, a victim after an inci-dent of sexual harassment or sexual assault; (6) assess whether the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy should continue with sea year training on privately owned vessels or change its curricula to provide alternative training; and (7) assess how vessel operators could en-sure the confidentiality of a report of sexual harassment or sexual assault in order to pro-tect the victim and prevent retribution. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that in-cludes— (1) recommendations on each of the work-ing group’s responsibilities described in sub-section (d); (2) the trade-offs, opportunities, and chal-lenges associated with the recommendations made in paragraph (1); and (3) any other information the working group determines appropriate. Subtitle C—Maritime Administration Enhancement 
SEC. 3511. STATUS OF NATIONAL DEFENSE RE-SERVE FLEET VESSELS. 
Section 4405 of title 50, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Vessels in the National De-fense Reserve Fleet, including vessels loaned to State maritime academies, shall be con-sidered public vessels of the United States.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3181 May 25, 2016 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) V
ESSEL STATUS .—Ships or other watercraft in the National Defense Reserve Fleet determined by the Maritime Adminis-tration to be of insufficient value to remain in the National Defense Reserve Fleet— ‘‘(1) shall remain vessels (as defined in sec-tion 3 of title 1); and ‘‘(2) shall remain subject to the rights and responsibilities of a vessel under admiralty law until such time as the vessel is delivered to a dismantling facility or is otherwise dis-posed of from the National Defense Reserve Fleet.’’. 
SEC. 3512. PORT INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOP-MENT. 
Section 50302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘There are authorized’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Except as otherwise provided by law, the Adminis-trator may use not more than 3 percent of the amounts appropriated to carry out this section for the administrative expenses of the program.’’. 
SEC. 3513. USE OF STATE ACADEMY TRAINING VESSELS. 
Section 51504(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) V
ESSEL SHARING .—The Secretary, after consulting with the affected State mar-itime academies, may implement a program requiring a State maritime academy to share its training vessel with another State mari-time academy if the vessel of another State maritime academy— ‘‘(1) is being used during a humanitarian assistance or disaster response activity; ‘‘(2) is incapable of being maintained in good repair as required under subsection (c); ‘‘(3) requires maintenance or repair for an extended period; ‘‘(4) is activated as a National Defense Re-serve Fleet vessel pursuant to section 4405 of title 50; ‘‘(5) loses its Coast Guard Certificate of In-spection or its classification; or ‘‘(6) does not comply with applicable envi-ronmental regulations.’’. 
SEC. 3514. STATE MARITIME ACADEMY PHYSICAL STANDARDS AND REPORTING. 
Section 51506 of title 46, United States Code, is amended– (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘must’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) agree that any individual enrolled at such State maritime academy in a merchant marine officer preparation program— ‘‘(A) shall, not later than 9 months after each such individual’s date of enrollment, pass an examination in form and substance satisfactory to the Secretary that dem-onstrates that such individual meets the medical and physical requirements— ‘‘(i) required for the issuance of an original license under section 7101; or ‘‘(ii) set by the Coast Guard for issuing merchant mariners’ documentation under section 7302, with no limit to his or her oper-ational authority; ‘‘(B) following passage of the examination under subparagraph (A), shall continue to meet the requirements or standards de-scribed in subparagraph (A) throughout the remainder of their respective enrollments at the State maritime academy; and ‘‘(C) if the individual has a medical or physical condition that disqualifies him or her from meeting the requirements or stand-ards referred to in subparagraph (A), shall be transferred to a program other than a mer-chant marine officer preparation program, or otherwise appropriately disenrolled from such State maritime academy, until the in-dividual demonstrates to the Secretary that the individual meets such requirements or standards.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) SECRETARIAL WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary is authorized to modify or waive any of the terms set forth in subsection (a)(4) with respect to any individual or State mari-time academy.’’. 
SEC. 3515. AUTHORITY TO EXTEND CERTAIN AGE RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO VES-SELS PARTICIPATING IN THE MARI-TIME SECURITY FLEET. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY FOR EXTENSION OF MAX-
IMUM SERVICE AGE FOR A PARTICIPATING  F
LEET VESSEL .—The Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, may extend the maximum age re-strictions under sections 53101(5)(A)(ii) and 53106(c)(3) for a particular participating fleet vessel for up to 5 years if the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Transportation jointly determine that such extension is in the national interest.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF UNNECESSARY AGELIMITA -
TION.—Section 53106(c)(3) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or (C);’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (3) by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 3516. APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 51303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘40’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’. (b) C
LASS PROFILE .—Not later than August 31 of each year, the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy shall post on the Academy’s public website a summary profile of each class at the Acad-emy. (c) C
ONTENTS .—Each summary profile post-ed under subsection (b) shall include, for the incoming class and for the 4 classes that pre-cede the incoming class, the number and per-centage of students— (1) by State; (2) by country; (3) by gender; (4) by race and ethnicity; and (5) with prior military service. 
SEC. 3517. HIGH-SPEED CRAFT CLASSIFICATION SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 3316(a) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may use the services of an approved classification society for only a high-speed craft that— (1) was acquired by the Secretary from the Maritime Administration; (2) is not a high-speed naval combatant, patrol vessel, expeditionary vessel, or other special purpose military or law enforcement vessel; (3) is operated for commercial purposes; (4) is not operated or crewed by any depart-ment, agency, instrumentality, or employee of the United States Government; (5) is not directly engaged in any mission or other operation for or on behalf of any de-partment, agency, instrumentality, or em-ployee of the United States Government; and (6) is not primarily designed to carry freight owned, leased, used, or contracted for or by the United States Government. (b) D
EFINITION OF APPROVED CLASSIFICA -
TION SOCIETY .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-proved classification society’’ means a clas-sification society that has been approved by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating under section 3316(c) of title 46, United States Code. (c) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to affect the require-ments under section 3316 of title 46, United States Code, for a high-speed craft that does not meet the conditions under paragraphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a). 
SEC. 3518. MARITIME WORKFORCE WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall con-vene a working group to examine and assess the size of the pool of citizen mariners nec-essary to support the United States Flag Fleet in times of national emergency. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall designate individuals to serve as members of the working group convened under subsection (a). The working group shall include, at a minimum, the following members: (1) At least 1 representative of the Mari-time Administration, who shall serve as chairperson of the working group. (2) At least 1 subject matter expert from the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy. (3) At least 1 subject matter expert from the Coast Guard. (4) At least 1 subject matter expert from the Military Sealift Command. (5) 1 subject matter expert from each of the State maritime academies. (6) At least 1 representative from each non-profit labor organization representing a class or craft of employees (licensed or unlicensed) who are employed on vessels operating in the United States Flag Fleet. (7) At least 4 representatives of owners of vessels operating the in United States Flag Fleet, or their private contracting parties, which are primarily operating in non-contig-uous or coastwise trades. (8) At least 4 representatives of owners of vessels operating the in United States Flag Fleet, or their private contracting parties, which are primarily operating in inter-national transportation. (c) N
OQUORUM REQUIREMENT .—The Mari-time Administration may convene the work-ing group without all members present. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group shall— (1) identify the number of United States citizen mariners— (A) in total; (B) that have a valid United States Coast Guard merchant mariner credential with the necessary endorsements for service on un-limited tonnage vessels subject to the Inter-national Convention on Standards of Train-ing, Certification and Watchkeeping for Sea-farers, 1978, as amended; (C) that are involved in Federal programs that support the United States Merchant Marine and United States Flag Fleet; (D) that are available to crew the United States Flag Fleet and the surge sealift fleet in times of a national emergency; (E) that are full-time mariners; (F) that have sailed in the prior 18 months; and (G) that are primarily operating in non- contiguous or coastwise trades; (2) assess the impact on the United States Merchant Marine and United States Mer-chant Marine Academy if graduates from State maritime academies and the United States Merchant Marine Academy were as-signed to, or required to fulfill, certain mari-time positions based on the overall needs of the United States Merchant Marine; (3) assess the Coast Guard Merchant Mar-iner Licensing and Documentation System, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3182 May 25, 2016 
which tracks merchant mariner credentials and medical certificates, and its accessi-bility and value to the Maritime Administra-tion for the purposes of evaluating the pool of United States citizen mariners; and (4) make recommendations to enhance the availability and quality of interagency data, including data from the United States Trans-portation Command, the Coast Guard, and the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, for use by the Maritime Administration for eval-uating the pool of United States citizen mariners. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that contains the results of the study conducted under this section, including— (1) the number of United States citizen mariners identified for each category de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of subsection (d)(1); (2) the results of the assessments con-ducted under paragraphs (2) and (3) of sub-section (d); and (3) the recommendations made under sub-section (d)(4). 
SEC. 3519. VESSEL DISPOSAL PROGRAM. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than Janu-ary 1 of each year, the Administrator of the Maritime Administration shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the management of the vessel disposal pro-gram of the Maritime Administration. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) the total amount of funds credited in the prior fiscal year to— (A) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund established by section 50301(a) of title 46, United States Code; and (B) any other account attributable to the vessel disposal program of the Maritime Ad-ministration; (2) the balance of funds available at the end of that fiscal year in— (A) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund; and (B) any other account described in para-graph (1)(B); (3) in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, the total number of— (A) grant applications under the National Maritime Heritage Grants Program in the prior fiscal year; and (B) the applications under subparagraph (A) that were approved by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the National Maritime Initiative of the National Park Service; (4) a detailed description of each project funded under the National Maritime Herit-age Grants Program in the prior fiscal year for which funds from the Vessel Operations Revolving Funds were obligated, including the information described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 308703(j) of title 54, United States Code; and (5) a detailed description of the funds cred-ited to and distributions from the Vessel Op-erations Revolving Funds in the prior fiscal year. (c) A
SSESSMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and bien-nially thereafter, the Administrator shall as-sess the vessel disposal program of the Mari-time Administration. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each assessment under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an inventory of each vessel, subject to a disposal agreement, for which the Mari-time Administration acts as the disposal agent, including— (i) the age of the vessel; and (ii) the name of the Federal agency with which the Maritime Administration has en-tered into a disposal agreement; (B) a description of each vessel of a Federal agency that may meet the criteria for the Maritime Administration to act as the dis-posal agent, including— (i) the age of the vessel; and (ii) the name of the applicable Federal agency; (C) the Maritime Administration’s plan to serve as the disposal agent, as appropriate, for the vessels described in subparagraph (B); and (D) any other information related to the vessel disposal program that the Adminis-trator determines appropriate. (d) CESSATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—This section ceases to be effective on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3520. MARITIME EXTREME WEATHER TASK FORCE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE .—Not later than 15 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall establish a task force to analyze the impact of extreme weather events, such as in the maritime environment (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Task Force’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Task Force shall be composed of— (1) the Secretary or the Secretary’s des-ignee; and (2) a representative of— (A) the Coast Guard; (B) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (C) the Federal Maritime Commission; and (D) such other Federal agency or inde-pendent commission as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), not later than 180 days after the date it is established under subsection (a), the Task Force shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the analysis under subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an identification of available weather prediction, monitoring, and routing tech-nology resources; (B) an identification of industry best prac-tices relating to response to, and prevention of marine casualties from, extreme weather events; (C) a description of how the resources de-scribed in subparagraph (A) are used in the various maritime sectors, including by pas-senger and cargo vessels; (D) recommendations for improving mari-time response operations to extreme weather events and preventing marine casualties from extreme weather events, such as pro-moting the use of risk communications and the technologies identified under subpara-graph (A); and (E) recommendations for any legislative or regulatory actions for improving maritime response operations to extreme weather events and preventing marine casualties from extreme weather events. (3) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall make the report under paragraph (1) and any notification under paragraph (4) publicly ac-cessible in an electronic format. (4) I
MMINENT THREATS .—The Task Force shall immediately notify the Secretary of any finding or recommendations that could protect the safety of an individual on a ves-sel from an imminent threat of extreme weather. (d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. Subtitle D—Implementation of Workforce Management Improvements 
SEC. 3521. WORKFORCE PLANS AND ONBOARDING POLICIES. 
(a) W ORKFORCE PLANS .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall review the Maritime Administration’s work-force plans, including its Strategic Human Capital Plan and Leadership Succession Plan, and fully implement competency mod-els for mission–critical occupations, includ-ing— (1) leadership positions; (2) human resources positions; and (3) transportation specialist positions. (b) O
NBOARDING POLICIES .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) review the Maritime Administration’s policies related to new hire orientation, training, and misconduct policies; (2) align the onboarding policies and proce-dures at headquarters and the field offices to ensure consistent implementation and provi-sion of critical information across the Mari-time Administration; and (3) update the Maritime Administration’s training policies and training systems to in-clude controls that ensure that all completed training is tracked in a standardized train-ing repository. (c) O
NBOARDING POLICIES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives that describes the Maritime Administra-tion’s compliance with the requirements under this section. 
SEC. 3522. DRUG AND ALCOHOL POLICY. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall— (1) review the Maritime Administration’s drug and alcohol policies, procedures, and training practices; (2) ensure that all fleet managers have re-ceived training on the Department of Trans-portation’s drug and alcohol policy, includ-ing the testing procedures used by the De-partment and the Maritime Administration in cases of reasonable suspicion; and (3) institute a system for tracking all drug and alcohol policy training conducted under paragraph (2) in a standardized training re-pository. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes the Maritime Administration’s com-pliance with the requirements under this section. 
SEC. 3523. VESSEL TRANSFERS. 
Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Ad-ministrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes the policies and procedures for vessel transfer, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3183 May 25, 2016 
(1) a summary of the actions taken to up-date the Vessel Transfer Office procedures manual to reflect the current range of pro-gram responsibilities and processes; and (2) a copy of the updated Vessel Transfer Office procedures to process vessel transfer applications. Subtitle E—Technical Amendments 
SEC. 3526. CLARIFYING AMENDMENT; CONTINU-ATION BOARDS. 
Section 290(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘five officers serving in the grade of vice admiral’’ and in-serting ‘‘5 officers (other than the Com-mandant) serving in the grade of admiral or vice admiral’’. 
SEC. 3527. PROSPECTIVE PAYMENT OF FUNDS NECESSARY TO PROVIDE MEDICAL CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 520. Prospective payment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care ‘‘(a) P
ROSPECTIVE PAYMENT REQUIRED .—In lieu of the reimbursement required under section 1085 of title 10, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall make a prospective payment to the Secretary of Defense of an amount that represents the actuarial valu-ation of treatment or care— ‘‘(1) that the Department of Defense shall provide to members of the Coast Guard, former members of the Coast Guard, and de-pendents of such members and former mem-bers (other than former members and de-pendents of former members who are a Medi-care-eligible beneficiary or for whom the payment for treatment or care is made from the Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund) at facilities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense or a military de-partment; and ‘‘(2) for which a reimbursement would oth-erwise be made under such section 1085. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the prospec-tive payment under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) shall be derived from amounts appro-priated for the operating expenses of the Coast Guard for treatment or care provided to members of the Coast Guard and their de-pendents; ‘‘(2) shall be derived from amounts appro-priated for retired pay for treatment or care provided to former members of the Coast Guard and their dependents; ‘‘(3) shall be determined under procedures established by the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(4) shall be paid during the fiscal year in which treatment or care is provided; and ‘‘(5) shall be subject to adjustment or rec-onciliation, as the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Defense joint-ly determine appropriate, during or prompt-ly after such fiscal year if the prospective payment is determined excessive or insuffi-cient based on the services actually pro-vided. ‘‘(c) N
OPROSPECTIVE PAYMENT WHENSERV-
ICE IN NAVY.—No prospective payment shall be made under this section for any period during which the Coast Guard operates as a service in the Navy. ‘‘(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRICARE.—This sec-tion may not be construed to require a pay-ment for, or the prospective payment of an amount that represents the value of, treat-ment or care provided under any TRICARE program.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘520. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—Section 217 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act, are repealed. SEC. 3528. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO TITLE 46, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 4503(f)(2), by striking ‘‘that’’ after ‘‘necessary,’’; and (2) in section 7510(c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘en-gine’’ and inserting ‘‘engineer’’; and (B) in paragraph (9), by inserting a period after ‘‘App’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 120). 
SEC. 3529. COAST GUARD USE OF THE PRIBILOF ISLANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 522(a)(1) of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2015 (subtitle B of title V of Public Law 114– 120) is amended by striking ‘‘Lots’’ and in-serting ‘‘Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, lots’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the Maritime Administration Authorization and Enhance-ment Act for Fiscal Year 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— (1) the Coast Guard’s use of Tracts 43 and 39, located on St. Paul Island, Alaska, since operation of the LORAN-C system was ter-minated; (2) the Coast Guard’s plans for using the tracts described in paragraph (1) during fis-cal years 2016, 2017, and 2018; and (3) the Coast Guard’s plans for using the tracts described in paragraph (1) and other facilities on St. Paul Island after fiscal year 2018. Subtitle F—Polar Icebreaker Fleet Recapitalization Transparency Act 
SEC. 3531. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Polar Icebreaker Fleet Recapitalization Trans-parency Act’’. 
SEC. 3532. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. (2) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
SEC. 3533. POLAR ICEBREAKER RECAPITALIZA-TION PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Navy, shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress, a detailed recapitalization plan to meet the 2013 De-partment of Homeland Security Mission Need Statement. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall— (1) detail the number of heavy and medium polar icebreakers required to meet Coast Guard statutory missions in the polar re-gions; (2) identify the vessel specifications, capa-bilities, systems, equipment, and other de-tails required for the design of heavy polar icebreakers capable of fulfilling the mission requirements of the Coast Guard and the Navy, and the requirements of other agen-cies and department of the United States, as the Secretary determines appropriate; (3) list the specific appropriations required for the acquisition of each icebreaker, for each fiscal year, until the full fleet is recapi-talized; (4) describe the potential savings of serial acquisition for new polar class icebreakers, including specific schedule and acquisition requirements needed to realize such savings; (5) describe any polar icebreaking capacity gaps that may arise based on the current fleet and current procurement outlook; and (6) describe any additional polar icebreaking capability gaps due to any fur-ther delay in procurement schedules. SEC. 3534. GAO REPORT ICEBREAKING CAPA-BILITY IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the current state of the United States Federal polar icebreaking fleet. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the icebreaking assets in operation in the United States and a descrip-tion of the missions completed by such as-sets; (2) an analysis of how such assets and the capabilities of such assets are consistent, or inconsistent, with the polar icebreaking mis-sion requirements described in the 2013 De-partment of Homeland Security Mission Need Statement, the Naval Operations Con-cept 2010, or other military and civilian gov-ernmental missions in the United States; (3) an analysis of the gaps in icebreaking capability of the United States based on the expected service life of the fleet of United States icebreaking assets; (4) a list of countries that are allies of the United States that have the icebreaking ca-pacity to exercise missions in the Arctic dur-ing any identified gap in United States icebreaking capacity in a polar region; and (5) a description of the policy, financial, and other barriers that have prevented time-ly recapitalization of the Coast Guard polar icebreaking fleet and recommendations to overcome such barriers, including potential international fee-based models used to com-pensate governments for icebreaking escorts or maintenance of maritime routes. Subtitle G—National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration Sexual Harassment and Assault Prevention Act 
SEC. 3540. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Sexual Harassment and Assault Preven-tion Act’’. PART I—SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND AS-SAULT PREVENTION AT THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINIS-TRATION 
SEC. 3541. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT AT NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRA-TION. 
(a) R EQUIRED POLICY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, acting through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, develop a policy on the preven-tion of and response to sexual harassment in-volving employees of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, members of the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration, and individuals who work with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3184 May 25, 2016 
or conduct business on behalf of the Admin-istration. (b) M
ATTERS TO BESPECIFIED IN POLICY .— The policy developed under subsection (a) shall include— (1) establishment of a program to promote awareness of the incidence of sexual harass-ment; (2) clear procedures an individual should follow in the case of an occurrence of sexual harassment, including— (A) a specification of the person or persons to whom an alleged occurrence of sexual har-assment should be reported by an individual and options for confidential reporting, in-cluding— (i) options and contact information for after-hours contact; and (ii) procedure for obtaining assistance and reporting sexual harassment while working in a remote scientific field camp, at sea, or in another field status; and (B) a specification of any other person whom the victim should contact; (3) establishment of a mechanism by which— (A) questions regarding sexual harassment can be confidentially asked and confiden-tially answered; and (B) incidents of sexual harassment can be confidentially reported; and (4) a prohibition on retaliation and con-sequences for retaliatory actions. (c) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE .—In de- veloping the policy required by subsection (a), the Secretary may consult or receive as-sistance from such State, local, and national organizations and subject matter experts as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF POLICY .—The Sec-retary shall ensure that the policy developed under subsection (a) is available to— (1) all employees of the Administration and members of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including those em-ployees and members who conduct field work for the Administration; and (2) the public. (e) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION OF EQUAL EM-
PLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY PERSONNEL .—The Secretary shall ensure that at least 1 em-ployee of the Administration who is tasked with handling matters relating to equal em-ployment opportunity or sexual harassment is stationed— (1) in each region in which the Administra-tion conducts operations; and (2) in each marine and aviation center of the Administration. (f) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than 4 times each year, the Director of the Civil Rights Office of the Administration shall submit to the Under Secretary a report on sexual harassment in the Administration. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) Number of sexual harassment cases, both actionable and non-actionable, involv-ing individuals covered by the policy devel-oped under subsection (a). (B) Number of open actionable sexual har-assment cases and how long the cases have been open. (C) Such trends or region specific issues as the Director may have discovered with re-spect to sexual harassment in the Adminis-tration. (D) Such recommendations as the Director may have with respect to sexual harassment in the Administration. 
SEC. 3542. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL AS-SAULT AT NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE POLICY ON PREVENTION  
AND RESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, acting through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, develop a com-prehensive policy on the prevention of and response to sexual assaults involving em-ployees of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, members of the com-missioned officer corps of the Administra-tion, and individuals who work with or con-duct business on behalf of the Administra-tion. (b) ELEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE POLICY .— The comprehensive policy developed under subsection (a) shall, at minimum, address the following matters: (1) Prevention measures. (2) Education and training on prevention and response. (3) A list of support resources an individual may use in the occurrence of sexual assault, including— (A) options and contact information for after-hours contact; and (B) procedure for obtaining assistance and reporting sexual assault while working in a remote scientific field camp, at sea, or in an-other field status. (4) Easy and ready availability of informa-tion described in paragraph (3). (5) Establishing a mechanism by which— (A) questions regarding sexual assault can be confidentially asked and confidentially answered; and (B) incidents of sexual assault can be con-fidentially reported. (6) Protocols for the investigation of com-plaints by command and law enforcement personnel. (7) Prohibiting retaliation and con-sequences for retaliatory actions against someone who reports a sexual assault. (8) Oversight by the Under Secretary of ad-ministrative and disciplinary actions in re-sponse to substantial incidents of sexual as-sault. (9) Victim advocacy, including establish-ment of and the responsibilities and training requirements for victim advocates as de-scribed in subsection (c). (10) Availability of resources for victims of sexual assault within other Federal agencies and State, local, and national organizations. (c) V
ICTIM ADVOCACY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall establish victim advocates to advocate for victims of sexual assaults involving employees of the Administration, members of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, and individuals who work with or conduct business on behalf of the Administration. (2) V
ICTIM ADVOCATES .—For purposes of this subsection, a victim advocate is a per-manent employee of the Administration who— (A) is trained in matters relating to sexual assault and the comprehensive policy devel-oped under subsection (a); and (B) serves as a victim advocate voluntarily and in addition to the employee’s other du-ties as an employee of the Administration. (3) P
RIMARY DUTIES .—The primary duties of a victim advocate established under para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) Supporting victims of sexual assault and informing them of their rights and the resources available to them as victims. (B) Acting as a companion in navigating investigative, medical, mental and emo-tional health, and recovery processes relat-ing to sexual assault. (C) Helping to identify resources to ensure the safety of victims of sexual assault. (4) L
OCATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that at least 1 victim advocate established under paragraph (1) is stationed— (A) in each region in which the Adminis-tration conducts operations; and (B) in each marine and aviation center of the Administration. (5) HOTLINE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish a tele-phone number at which a victim of a sexual assault can contact a victim advocate. (B) 24-
HOUR ACCESS .—The Secretary shall ensure that the telephone number estab-lished under subparagraph (A) is monitored at all times. (6) F
ORMAL RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHER EN -
TITIES .—The Secretary may enter into for-mal relationships with other entities to make available additional victim advocates. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF POLICY .—The Sec-retary shall ensure that the policy developed under subsection (a) is available to— (1) all employees of the Administration and members of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including those em-ployees and members who conduct field work for the Administration; and (2) the public. (e) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE .—In de- veloping the policy required by subsection (a), the Secretary may consult or receive as-sistance from such State, local, and national organizations and subject matter experts as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 3543. RIGHTS OF THE VICTIM OF A SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
A victim of a sexual assault covered by the comprehensive policy developed under sec-tion 3542(a) has the right to be reasonably protected from the accused. 
SEC. 3544. CHANGE OF STATION. 
(a) C HANGE OF STATION , UNITTRANSFER , OR C
HANGE OF WORKLOCATION OF VICTIMS .— (1) T
IMELY CONSIDERATION AND ACTION UPON  
REQUEST .—The Secretary of Commerce, act-ing through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, shall— (A) in the case of a member of the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration who was a victim of a sexual assault, in order to reduce the possibility of retaliation or further sex-ual assault, provide for timely determina-tion and action on an application submitted by the victim for consideration of a change of station or unit transfer of the victim; and (B) in the case of an employee of the Ad-ministration who was a victim of a sexual assault, to the degree practicable and in order to reduce the possibility of retaliation against the employee for reporting the sex-ual assault, accommodate a request for a change of work location of the victim. (2) P
ROCEDURES .— (A) P
ERIOD FOR APPROVAL AND DIS -
APPROVAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall ensure that an ap-plication or request submitted under para-graph (1) for a change of station, unit trans-fer, or change of work location is approved or denied within 72 hours of the submission of the application or request. (B) R
EVIEW .—If an application or request submitted under paragraph (1) by a victim of a sexual assault for a change of station, unit transfer, or change of work location of the victim is denied— (i) the victim may request the Secretary review the denial; and (ii) the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall, not later than 72 hours after receiving such request, affirm or overturn the denial. (b) C
HANGE OF STATION , UNITTRANSFER , 
ANDCHANGE OF WORKLOCATION OF ALLEGED  P
ERPETRATORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall develop a policy for the protection of victims of sexual assault described in subsection (a)(1) by pro-viding the alleged perpetrator of the sexual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3185 May 25, 2016 
assault with a change of station, unit trans-fer, or change of work location, as the case may be, if the alleged perpetrator is a mem-ber of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration or an employee of the Ad-ministration. (2) P
OLICY REQUIREMENTS .—The policy re-quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A means to control access to the vic-tim. (B) Due process for the victim and the al-leged perpetrator. (c) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations to carry out this sec-tion. (2) C
ONSISTENCY .—When practicable, the Secretary shall make regulations promul-gated under this section consistent with similar regulations promulgated by the Sec-retary of Defense. 
SEC. 3545. APPLICABILITY OF POLICIES TO CREWS OF VESSELS SECURED BY NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOS-PHERIC ADMINISTRATION UNDER CONTRACT. 
The Under Secretary for Oceans and At-mosphere shall ensure that each contract into which the Under Secretary enters for the use of a vessel by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that covers the crew of the vessel, if any, shall include as a condition of the contract a provision that subjects such crew to the policy developed under section 3541(a) and the comprehensive policy developed under section 3542(a). 
SEC. 3546. ANNUAL REPORT ON SEXUAL AS-SAULTS IN THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 15 of each year, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives a re-port on the sexual assaults involving em-ployees of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, members of the com-missioned officer corps of the Administra-tion, and individuals who work with or con-duct business on behalf of the Administra-tion. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include, with re-spect to the previous calendar year, the fol-lowing: (1) The number of alleged sexual assaults involving employees, members, and individ-uals described in subsection (a). (2) A synopsis of each case and the discipli-nary action taken, if any, in each case. (3) The policies, procedures, and processes implemented by the Secretary, and any up-dates or revisions to such policies, proce-dures, and processes. (4) A summary of the reports received by the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmos-phere under section 3541(f). (c) P
RIVACY PROTECTION .—In preparing and submitting a report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that no individual in-volved in an alleged sexual assault can be identified by the contents of the report. 
SEC. 3547. DEFINITION. 
In this part, the term ‘‘sexual assault’’ shall have the meaning given such term in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925(a)). PART II—COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS OF THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND AT-MOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3550. REFERENCES TO NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRA-TION COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS ACT OF 2002. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this part an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). Subpart A—General Provisions SEC. 3551. STRENGTH AND DISTRIBUTION IN GRADE. 
Section 214 (33 U.S.C. 3004) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 214. STRENGTH AND DISTRIBUTION IN GRADE. 
‘‘(a) G RADES .—The commissioned grades in the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration are the following, in relative rank with officers of the Navy: ‘‘(1) Vice admiral. ‘‘(2) Rear admiral. ‘‘(3) Rear admiral (lower half). ‘‘(4) Captain. ‘‘(5) Commander. ‘‘(6) Lieutenant commander. ‘‘(7) Lieutenant. ‘‘(8) Lieutenant (junior grade). ‘‘(9) Ensign. ‘‘(b) G
RADE DISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall prescribe, with respect to the distribu-tion on the lineal list in grade, the percent-ages applicable to the grades set forth in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL COMPUTATION OF NUMBER IN  G
RADE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall make a computation to determine the number of of-ficers on the lineal list authorized to be serv-ing in each grade. ‘‘(2) M
ETHOD OF COMPUTATION .—The number in each grade shall be computed by applying the applicable percentage to the total num-ber of such officers serving on active duty on the date the computation is made. ‘‘(3) F
RACTIONS .—If a final fraction occurs in computing the authorized number of offi-cers in a grade, the nearest whole number shall be taken. If the fraction is 
1⁄2, the next higher whole number shall be taken. ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY INCREASE IN NUMBERS .— The total number of officers authorized by law to be on the lineal list during a fiscal year may be temporarily exceeded if the av-erage number on that list during that fiscal year does not exceed the authorized number. ‘‘(e) P
OSITIONS OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPON -
SIBILITY .—Officers serving in positions des-ignated under section 228(a) and officers re-called from retired status shall not be count-ed when computing authorized strengths under subsection (c) and shall not count against those strengths. ‘‘(f) P
RESERVATION OF GRADE AND PAY.—No officer may be reduced in grade or pay or separated from the commissioned officer corps of the Administration as the result of a computation made to determine the au-thorized number of officers in the various grades.’’. 
SEC. 3552. RECALLED OFFICERS. 
Section 215 (33 U.S.C. 3005) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Effective’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Effective’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
OSITIONS OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPON -
SIBILITY .—Officers serving in positions des-ignated under section 228 and officers re-called from retired status— ‘‘(1) may not be counted in determining the total number of authorized officers on the lineal list under this section; and ‘‘(2) may not count against such number.’’. 
SEC. 3553. OBLIGATED SERVICE REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 216. OBLIGATED SERVICE REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall prescribe the obligated service requirements for appointments, training, promotions, sep-arations, continuations, and retirement of officers not otherwise covered by law. ‘‘(2) W
RITTEN AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary and officers shall enter into written agree-ments that describe the officers’ obligated service requirements prescribed under para-graph (1) in return for such appointments, training, promotions, separations, and re-tirements as the Secretary considers appro-priate. ‘‘(b) R
EPAYMENT FOR FAILURE TO SATISFY  R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an officer who fails to meet the service requirements prescribed under subsection (a)(1) to reimburse the Secretary in an amount that bears the same ratio to the total costs of the training provided to that officer by the Secretary as the unserved por-tion of active duty bears to the total period of active duty the officer agreed to serve. ‘‘(2) O
BLIGATION AS DEBT TO UNITED  
STATES .—An obligation to reimburse the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be con-sidered for all purposes as a debt owed to the United States. ‘‘(3) D
ISCHARGE IN BANKRUPTCY .—A dis- charge in bankruptcy under title 11 that is entered less than 5 years after the termi-nation of a written agreement entered into under subsection (a)(2) does not discharge the individual signing the agreement from a debt arising under such agreement. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER OR SUSPENSION OF COMPLI -
ANCE .—The Secretary may waive the service obligation of an officer who— ‘‘(1) becomes unqualified to serve on active duty in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a circumstance not within the control of that officer; or ‘‘(2) is— ‘‘(A) not physically qualified for appoint-ment; and ‘‘(B) determined to be unqualified for serv-ice in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a physical or medical condition that was not the result of the officer’s own misconduct or grossly neg-ligent conduct.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 215 the following: ‘‘Sec. 216. Obligated service requirement.’’. 
SEC. 3554. TRAINING AND PHYSICAL FITNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), as amended by section 3553(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 217. TRAINING AND PHYSICAL FITNESS. 
‘‘(a) T RAINING .—The Secretary may take such measures as may be necessary to ensure that officers are prepared to carry out their duties in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration and proficient in the skills necessary to carry out such duties. Such measures may include the following: ‘‘(1) Carrying out training programs and correspondence courses, including estab-lishing and operating a basic officer training program to provide initial indoctrination and maritime vocational training for officer candidates as well as refresher training, mid- career training, aviation training, and such other training as the Secretary considers necessary for officer development and pro-ficiency. ‘‘(2) Providing officers and officer can-didates with books and school supplies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3186 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(3) Acquiring such equipment as may be necessary for training and instructional pur-poses. ‘‘(b) P
HYSICAL FITNESS .—The Secretary shall ensure that officers maintain a high physical state of readiness by establishing standards of physical fitness for officers that are substantially equivalent to those pre-scribed for officers in the Coast Guard.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 3553(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 216 the following: ‘‘Sec. 217. Training and physical fitness.’’. 
SEC. 3555. RECRUITING MATERIALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), as amended by section 3554(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 218. USE OF RECRUITING MATERIALS FOR PUBLIC RELATIONS. 
‘‘The Secretary may use for public rela-tions purposes of the Department of Com-merce any advertising materials developed for use for recruitment and retention of per-sonnel for the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. Any such use shall be under such conditions and subject to such re-strictions as the Secretary shall prescribe.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 3554(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 217 the following: ‘‘Sec. 218. Use of recruiting materials for public relations.’’. 
SEC. 3556. CHARTER VESSEL SAFETY POLICY. 
(a) P OLICY REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, acting through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, develop and implement a char-ter vessel safety policy applicable to the ac-quisition by the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration of charter vessel services. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The policy required by sub-section (a) shall address vessel safety, oper-ational safety, and basic personnel safety re-quirements applicable to the vessel size, type, and intended use. At a minimum, the policy shall include the following: (1) Basic vessel safety requirements that address stability, egress, fire protection and lifesaving equipment, hazardous materials, and pollution control. (2) Personnel safety requirements that ad-dress crew qualifications, medical training and services, safety briefings and drills, and crew habitability. (c) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the basic vessel safety require-ments and personnel safety requirements in-cluded in the policy required by subsection (a)— (1) do not exceed the vessel safety require-ments and personnel safety requirements promulgated by the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating; and (2) to the degree practicable, are consistent with the requirements described in para-graph (1). 
SEC. 3557. TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 101(21)(C) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘in the com-missioned officer corps’’ before ‘‘of the Na-tional’’. Subpart B—Parity and Recruitment SEC. 3558. EDUCATION LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 267. EDUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOREPAY EDUCATION  L
OANS .—For the purpose of maintaining ade-quate numbers of officers of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration on active duty who have skills required by the commissioned officer corps, the Secretary may repay, in the case of a person described in subsection (b), a loan that— ‘‘(1) was used by the person to finance edu-cation; and ‘‘(2) was obtained from a governmental en-tity, private financial institution, edu-cational institution, or other authorized en-tity. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PERSONS .—To be eligible to obtain a loan repayment under this section, a person must— ‘‘(1) satisfy 1 of the requirements specified in subsection (c); ‘‘(2) be fully qualified for, or hold, an ap-pointment as a commissioned officer in the commissioned officer corps of the Adminis-tration; and ‘‘(3) sign a written agreement to serve on active duty, or, if on active duty, to remain on active duty for a period in addition to any other incurred active duty obligation. ‘‘(c) A
CADEMIC AND PROFESSIONAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—One of the following academic re-quirements must be satisfied for purposes of determining the eligibility of an individual for a loan repayment under this section: ‘‘(1) The person is fully qualified in a pro-fession that the Secretary has determined to be necessary to meet identified skill short-ages in the commissioned officer corps. ‘‘(2) The person is enrolled as a full-time student in the final year of a course of study at an accredited educational institution (as determined by the Secretary of Education) leading to a degree in a profession that will meet identified skill shortages in the com-missioned officer corps. ‘‘(d) L
OANREPAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limits es-tablished under paragraph (2), a loan repay-ment under this section may consist of the payment of the principal, interest, and re-lated expenses of a loan obtained by a person described in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—For each year of obligated service that a person agrees to serve in an agreement described in sub-section (b)(3), the Secretary may pay not more than the amount specified in section 2173(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(e) A
CTIVE DUTYSERVICE OBLIGATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person entering into an agreement described in subsection (b)(3) incurs an active duty service obligation. ‘‘(2) L
ENGTH OF OBLIGATION DETERMINED  
UNDER REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the length of the obliga-tion under paragraph (1) shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(B) M
INIMUM OBLIGATION .—The regula-tions prescribed under subparagraph (A) may not provide for a period of obligation of less than 1 year for each maximum annual amount, or portion thereof, paid on behalf of the person for qualified loans. ‘‘(3) P
ERSONS ON ACTIVE DUTY BEFORE EN -
TERING INTO AGREEMENT .—The active duty service obligation of persons on active duty before entering into the agreement shall be served after the conclusion of any other obli-gation incurred under the agreement. ‘‘(f) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TOCOMPLETE OBLI-
GATION .— ‘‘(1) ALTERNATIVE OBLIGATIONS .—An officer who is relieved of the officer’s active duty obligation under this section before the com-pletion of that obligation may be given any alternative obligation, at the discretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
EPAYMENT .—An officer who does not complete the period of active duty specified in the agreement entered into under sub-section (b)(3), or the alternative obligation imposed under paragraph (1), shall be subject to the repayment provisions under section 216. ‘‘(g) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sec-tion, including— ‘‘(1) standards for qualified loans and au-thorized payees; and ‘‘(2) other terms and conditions for the making of loan repayments.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 266 the following: ‘‘Sec. 267. Education loan repayment pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 3559. INTEREST PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by section 3558(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 268. INTEREST PAYMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary may pay the interest and any special allowances that accrue on 1 or more student loans of an eligi-ble officer, in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE OFFICERS .—An officer is eli-gible for the benefit described in subsection (a) while the officer— ‘‘(1) is serving on active duty; ‘‘(2) has not completed more than 3 years of service on active duty; ‘‘(3) is the debtor on 1 or more unpaid loans described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(4) is not in default on any such loan. ‘‘(c) S
TUDENT LOANS .—The authority to make payments under subsection (a) may be exercised with respect to the following loans: ‘‘(1) A loan made, insured, or guaranteed under part B of title IV of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1071 et seq.). ‘‘(2) A loan made under part D of such title (20 U.S.C. 1087a et seq.). ‘‘(3) A loan made under part E of such title (20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq.). ‘‘(d) M
AXIMUM BENEFIT .—Interest and any special allowance may be paid on behalf of an officer under this section for any of the 36 consecutive months during which the officer is eligible under subsection (b). ‘‘(e) F
UNDS FOR PAYMENTS .—The Secretary may use amounts appropriated for the pay and allowances of personnel of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration for payments under this section. ‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITH SECRETARY OF  E
DUCATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-sult with the Secretary of Education regard-ing the administration of this section. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—The Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of Education the funds necessary— ‘‘(A) to pay interest and special allowances on student loans under this section (in ac-cordance with sections 428(o), 455(l), and 464(j) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(o), 1087e(l), and 1087dd(j)); and ‘‘(B) to reimburse the Secretary of Edu-cation for any reasonable administrative costs incurred by the Secretary in coordi-nating the program under this section with the administration of the student loan pro-grams under parts B, D, and E of title IV of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3187 May 25, 2016 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1071 et seq., 1087a et seq., 1087aa et seq.). ‘‘(g) S
PECIAL ALLOWANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘special allowance’ means a special allowance that is payable under sec-tion 438 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087–1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 428(o) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(o)) is amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘A
RMED FORCES AND NOAA C OM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS STUDENT LOANIN-
TEREST PAYMENT PROGRAMS ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or section 264 of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002’’ after ‘‘Code,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or an officer in the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, re-spectively,’’ after ‘‘Armed Forces’’. (2) Sections 455(l) and 464(j) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(l) and 1087dd(j)) are each amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘A
RMED FORCES AND NOAA C OM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS STUDENT LOANIN-
TEREST PAYMENT PROGRAMS ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or section 264 of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002’’ after ‘‘Code,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or an officer in the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, re-spectively’’ after ‘‘Armed Forces’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 3558(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 267 the following: ‘‘Sec. 268. Interest payment program.’’. 
SEC. 3560. STUDENT PRE-COMMISSIONING PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by section 3559(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 269. STUDENT PRE-COMMISSIONING EDU-CATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE FINANCIAL AS-
SISTANCE .—For the purpose of maintaining adequate numbers of officers of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration on active duty, the Secretary may provide fi-nancial assistance to a person described in subsection (b) for expenses of the person while the person is pursuing on a full-time basis at an accredited educational institu-tion (as determined by the Secretary of Edu-cation) a program of education approved by the Secretary that leads to— ‘‘(1) a baccalaureate degree in not more than 5 academic years; or ‘‘(2) a postbaccalaureate degree. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PERSONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person is eligible to obtain financial assistance under subsection (a) if the person— ‘‘(A) is enrolled on a full-time basis in a program of education referred to in sub-section (a) at any educational institution de-scribed in such subsection; ‘‘(B) meets all of the requirements for ac-ceptance into the commissioned officer corps of the Administration except for the comple-tion of a baccalaureate degree; and ‘‘(C) enters into a written agreement with the Secretary described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) A
GREEMENT .—A written agreement re-ferred to in paragraph (1)(C) is an agreement between the person and the Secretary in which the person agrees— ‘‘(A) to accept an appointment as an offi-cer, if tendered; and ‘‘(B) upon completion of the person’s edu-cational program, agrees to serve on active duty, immediately after appointment, for— ‘‘(i) up to 3 years if the person received less than 3 years of assistance; and ‘‘(ii) up to 5 years if the person received at least 3 years of assistance. ‘‘(c) QUALIFYING EXPENSES .—Expenses for which financial assistance may be provided under subsection (a) are the following: ‘‘(1) Tuition and fees charged by the edu-cational institution involved. ‘‘(2) The cost of books. ‘‘(3) In the case of a program of education leading to a baccalaureate degree, labora-tory expenses. ‘‘(4) Such other expenses as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The Sec-retary shall prescribe the amount of finan-cial assistance provided to a person under subsection (a), which may not exceed the amount specified in section 2173(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code, for each year of obli-gated service that a person agrees to serve in an agreement described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(e) D
URATION OF ASSISTANCE .—Financial assistance may be provided to a person under subsection (a) for not more than 5 consecu-tive academic years. ‘‘(f) S
UBSISTENCE ALLOWANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person who receives fi-nancial assistance under subsection (a) shall be entitled to a monthly subsistence allow-ance at a rate prescribed under paragraph (2) for the duration of the period for which the person receives such financial assistance. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT .—The Sec- retary shall prescribe monthly rates for sub-sistence allowance provided under paragraph (1), which shall be equal to the amount speci-fied in section 2144(a) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(g) I
NITIAL CLOTHING ALLOWANCE .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING .—The Secretary may pre-scribe a sum which shall be credited to each person who receives financial assistance under subsection (a) to cover the cost of the person’s initial clothing and equipment issue. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Upon completion of the program of education for which a person receives financial assistance under sub-section (a) and acceptance of appointment in the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration, the person may be issued a subsequent clothing allowance equivalent to that normally provided to a newly appointed officer. ‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION OF FINANCIAL ASSIST -
ANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ter-minate the assistance provided to a person under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary accepts a request by the person to be released from an agreement de-scribed in subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(B) the misconduct of the person results in a failure to complete the period of active duty required under the agreement; or ‘‘(C) the person fails to fulfill any term or condition of the agreement. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may require a person who receives assistance de-scribed in subsection (c), (f), or (g) under an agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) to reimburse the Secretary in an amount that bears the same ratio to the total costs of the assistance provided to that person as the unserved portion of active duty bears to the total period of active duty the officer agreed to serve under the agreement. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the service obligation of a person through an agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) if the person— ‘‘(A) becomes unqualified to serve on ac-tive duty in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a cir-cumstance not within the control of that person; or ‘‘(B) is— ‘‘(i) not physically qualified for appoint-ment; and ‘‘(ii) determined to be unqualified for serv-ice in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a physical or medical condition that was not the result of the person’s own misconduct or grossly neg-ligent conduct. ‘‘(4) OBLIGATION AS DEBT TO UNITED  
STATES .—An obligation to reimburse the Secretary imposed under paragraph (2) is, for all purposes, a debt owed to the United States. ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGE IN BANKRUPTCY .—A dis- charge in bankruptcy under title 11, United States Code, that is entered less than 5 years after the termination of a written agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) does not discharge the person signing the agree-ment from a debt arising under such agree-ment or under paragraph (2). ‘‘(i) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may promulgate such regulations and orders as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 3559(c), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 268 the following: ‘‘Sec. 269. Student pre-commissioning edu-cation assistance program.’’. 
SEC. 3561. LIMITATION ON EDUCATIONAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each fiscal year, begin-ning with fiscal year 2013, the Secretary of Commerce shall ensure that the total amount expended by the Secretary under section 267 of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration Commissioned Of-ficer Corps Act of 2002 (as added by section 3558(a)), section 268 of such Act (as added by section 3559(a)), and section 269 of such Act (as added by section 3560(a)) does not exceed the amount by which— (1) the total amount the Secretary would pay in that fiscal year to officer candidates under section 203(f)(1) of title 37, United States Code (as added by section 3576(d)), if such section entitled officers candidates to pay at monthly rates equal to the basic pay of a commissioned officer in the pay grade O– 1 with less than 2 years of service; exceeds (2) the total amount the Secretary actu-ally pays in that fiscal year to officer can-didates under section 203(f)(1) of such title (as so added). (b) O
FFICER CANDIDATE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘officer candidate’’ has the meaning given the term in section 212 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3002), as added by section 3576(c). 
SEC. 3562. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, AND EXTENSION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES APPLICABLE TO MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  
OFTITLE 10.—Section 261(a) (33 U.S.C. 3071(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through (16) as paragraphs (20) through (23), respectively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3188 May 25, 2016 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (12) as paragraphs (12) through (17), respec-tively; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respec-tively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) Section 771, relating to unauthorized wearing of uniforms. ‘‘(5) Section 774, relating to wearing reli-gious apparel while in uniform. ‘‘(6) Section 982, relating to service on State and local juries. ‘‘(7) Section 1031, relating to administra-tion of oaths.’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (10), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(11) Chapter 58, relating to the Benefits and Services for members being separated or recently separated.’’; and (6) by inserting after paragraph (17), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(18) Subchapter I of chapter 88, relating to Military Family Programs. ‘‘(19) Section 2005, relating to advanced education assistance, active duty agree-ments, and reimbursement requirements.’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES .— (1) N
OTARIAL SERVICES .—Section 1044a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’. (2) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES  
FOR PROGRAMS SERVING MEMBERS AND THEIR  
FAMILIES .—Section 1588 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED FOR ACCEPT -
ANCE OF SERVICES FOR PROGRAMS SERVING  M
EMBERS OF NOAA AND THEIR FAMILIES .— For purposes of the acceptance of services described in subsection (a)(3), the term ‘Sec-retary concerned’ in subsection (a) shall in-clude the Secretary of Commerce with re-spect to members of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.’’. (3) C
APSTONE COURSE FOR NEWLY SELECTED  
FLAG OFFICERS .—Section 2153 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration’’ after ‘‘in the case of the Navy’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘other armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘other uniformed services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of Commerce, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Defense’’. 
SEC. 3563. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 37, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 261 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 261A. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 37, UNITED STATES CODE. 
‘‘(a) P ROVISIONS MADEAPPLICABLE TO COM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS .—The provisions of law applicable to the Armed Forces under the following provisions of title 37, United States Code, shall apply to the commissioned officer corps of the Administration: ‘‘(1) Section 324, relating to accession bo-nuses for new officers in critical skills. ‘‘(2) Section 403(f)(3), relating to pre-scribing regulations defining the terms ‘field duty’ and ‘sea duty’. ‘‘(3) Section 403(l), relating to temporary continuation of housing allowance for de-pendents of members dying on active duty. ‘‘(4) Section 414(a)(2), relating to personal money allowance while serving as Director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration Commissioned Officer Corps. ‘‘(5) Section 488, relating to allowances for recruiting expenses. ‘‘(6) Section 495, relating to allowances for funeral honors duty. ‘‘(b) REFERENCES .—The authority vested by title 37, United States Code, in the ‘military departments’, ‘the Secretary concerned’, or ‘the Secretary of Defense’ with respect to the provisions of law referred to in sub-section (a) shall be exercised, with respect to the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration, by the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary’s designee.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 261 the following: ‘‘Sec. 261A. Applicability of certain provi-sions of title 37, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 3564. LEGION OF MERIT AWARD. 
Section 1121 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’. 
SEC. 3565. PROHIBITION ON RETALIATORY PER-SONNEL ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 261 (33 U.S.C. 3071), as amended by section 3562, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through (23) as paragraphs (9) through (24), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) Section 1034, relating to protected communications and prohibition of retalia-tory personnel actions.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of para-graph (8) of subsection (a), the term ‘Inspec-tor General’ in section 1034 of such title 10 shall mean the Inspector General of the De-partment of Commerce.’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS REGARDING PROTECTED  C
OMMUNICATIONS AND PROHIBITION OF RETAL -
IATORY PERSONNEL ACTIONS .—The Secretary may promulgate regulations to carry out the application of section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, to the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including by promulgating such administrative proce-dures for investigation and appeal within the commissioned officer corps as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 3566. PENALTIES FOR WEARING UNIFORM WITHOUT AUTHORITY. 
Section 702 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Service or any’’ and inserting ‘‘Service, the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, or any’’. 
SEC. 3567. APPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF COMPETITIVE SERVICE LAW. 
Section 3304(f) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and members of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration (or its predecessor organization the Coast and Geodetic Survey) separated from such uniformed service’’ after ‘‘sepa-rated from the armed forces’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or vet-eran’’ and inserting ‘‘, veteran, or member’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and members of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration (or its predecessor organization the Coast and Geodetic Survey) separated from such uniformed service’’ after ‘‘sepa-rated from the armed forces’’. SEC. 3568. EMPLOYMENT AND REEMPLOYMENT RIGHTS. 
Section 4303(16) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration,’’ after ‘‘Public Health Service,’’. 
SEC. 3569. TREATMENT OF COMMISSION IN COM-MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS FOR PURPOSES OF CERTAIN HIRING DE-CISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by this part, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 269A. TREATMENT OF COMMISSION IN COM-MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS AS EM-PLOYMENT IN ADMINISTRATION FOR PURPOSES OF CERTAIN HIRING DECISIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In any case in which the Secretary accepts an application for a posi-tion of employment with the Administration and limits consideration of applications for such position to applications submitted by individuals serving in a career or career-con-ditional position in the competitive service within the Administration, the Secretary shall deem an officer who has served as an officer in the commissioned officer corps for at least 3 years to be serving in a career or career-conditional position in the competi-tive service within the Administration for purposes of such limitation. ‘‘(b) C
AREER APPOINTMENTS .—If the Sec-retary selects an application submitted by an officer described in subsection (a) for a position described in such subsection, the Secretary shall give such officer a career or career-conditional appointment in the com-petitive service, as appropriate. ‘‘(c) C
OMPETITIVE SERVICE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘competitive service’ has the meaning given the term in section 2102 of title 5, United States Code.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 269, as added by this part, the following: ‘‘Sec. 269A. Treatment of commission in commissioned officer corps as employment in Administration for purposes of certain hiring decisions.’’. 
SEC. 3570. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of a Federal agency may appoint, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sec-tions 3303 and 3328 of such title, a qualified candidate described subsection (b) directly to a position in the agency for which the candidate meets qualification standards of the Office of Personnel Management. (b) C
ANDIDATES DESCRIBED .—A candidate described in this subsection is a current or former member of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration who— (1) fulfilled his or her obligated service re-quirement under section 216 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, as added by section 3553; (2) if no longer a member of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, was not discharged or released therefrom as part of a disciplinary action; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3189 May 25, 2016 
(3) has been separated or released from service in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration for a period of not more than 5 years. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to appointments made in fiscal year 2016 and in each fiscal year there-after. Subpart C—Appointments and Promotion of Officers 
SEC. 3571. APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) O RIGINAL APPOINTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 221 (33 U.S.C. 3021) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 221. ORIGINAL APPOINTMENTS AND RE-APPOINTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) O RIGINAL APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) G
RADES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an original appointment of an officer may be made in such grades as may be appropriate for— ‘‘(i) the qualification, experience, and length of service of the appointee; and ‘‘(ii) the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT OF OFFICER CAN -
DIDATES .— ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON GRADE .—An original ap-pointment of an officer candidate, upon grad-uation from the basic officer training pro-gram of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, may not be made in any other grade than ensign. ‘‘(ii) R
ANK.—Officer candidates receiving appointments as ensigns upon graduation from basic officer training program shall take rank according to their proficiency as shown by the order of their merit at date of graduation. ‘‘(2) S
OURCE OF APPOINTMENTS .—An original appointment may be made from among the following: ‘‘(A) Graduates of the basic officer training program of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. ‘‘(B) Graduates of the military service academies of the United States who other-wise meet the academic standards for enroll-ment in the training program described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Graduates of the maritime academies of the States who— ‘‘(i) otherwise meet the academic stand-ards for enrollment in the training program described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) completed at least 3 years of regi-mented training while at a maritime acad-emy of a State; and ‘‘(iii) obtained an unlimited tonnage or un-limited horsepower Merchant Mariner Cre-dential from the United States Coast Guard. ‘‘(D) Licensed officers of the United States merchant marine who have served 2 or more years aboard a vessel of the United States in the capacity of a licensed officer, who other-wise meet the academic standards for enroll-ment in the training program described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) M
ARITIME ACADEMIES OF THE STATES .— The term ‘maritime academies of the States’ means the following: ‘‘(i) California Maritime Academy, Vallejo, California. ‘‘(ii) Great Lakes Maritime Academy, Tra-verse City, Michigan. ‘‘(iii) Maine Maritime Academy, Castine, Maine. ‘‘(iv) Massachusetts Maritime Academy, Buzzards Bay, Massachusetts. ‘‘(v) State University of New York Mari-time College, Fort Schuyler, New York. ‘‘(vi) Texas A&M Maritime Academy, Gal-veston, Texas. ‘‘(B) M
ILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES OF THE  
UNITED STATES .—The term ‘military service academies of the United States’ means the following: ‘‘(i) The United States Military Academy, West Point, New York. ‘‘(ii) The United States Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland. ‘‘(iii) The United States Air Force Acad-emy, Colorado Springs, Colorado. ‘‘(iv) The United States Coast Guard Acad-emy, New London, Connecticut. ‘‘(v) The United States Merchant Marine Academy, Kings Point, New York. ‘‘(b) REAPPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), an individual who previously served in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration may be appointed by the Secretary to the grade the individual held prior to separation. ‘‘(2) R
EAPPOINTMENTS TO HIGHER GRADES .— An appointment under paragraph (1) to a po-sition of importance and responsibility des-ignated under section 228 may only be made by the President. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—An appointment under subsection (a) or (b) may not be given to an individual until the individual’s men-tal, moral, physical, and professional fitness to perform the duties of an officer has been established under such regulations as the Secretary shall prescribe. ‘‘(d) P
RECEDENCE OF APPOINTEES .—Ap- pointees under this section shall take prece-dence in the grade to which appointed in ac-cordance with the dates of their commissions as commissioned officers in such grade. Ap-pointees whose dates of commission are the same shall take precedence with each other as the Secretary shall determine. ‘‘(e) I
NTER -SERVICE TRANSFERS .—For inter- service transfers (as described in the Depart-ment of Defense Directive 1300.4 (dated De-cember 27, 2006)) the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating to pro-mote and streamline inter-service transfers; ‘‘(2) give preference to such inter-service transfers for recruitment purposes as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary; and ‘‘(3) reappoint such inter-service transfers to the equivalent grade in the commissioned officer corps.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by striking the item relating to section 221 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 221. Original appointments and re-appointments.’’. 
SEC. 3572. PERSONNEL BOARDS. 
Section 222 (33 U.S.C. 3022) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 222. PERSONNEL BOARDS. 
‘‘(a) C ONVENING .—Not less frequently than once each year and at such other times as the Secretary determines necessary, the Sec-retary shall convene a personnel board. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A board convened under subsection (a) shall consist of 5 or more offi-cers who are serving in or above the perma-nent grade of the officers under consider-ation by the board. ‘‘(2) R
ETIRED OFFICERS .—Officers on the re-tired list may be recalled to serve on such personnel boards as the Secretary considers necessary. ‘‘(3) N
O MEMBERSHIP ON 2 SUCCESSIVE  
BOARDS .—No officer may be a member of 2 successive personnel boards convened to con-sider officers of the same grade for pro-motion or separation. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—Each personnel board shall— ‘‘(1) recommend to the Secretary such changes as may be necessary to correct any erroneous position on the lineal list that was caused by administrative error; and ‘‘(2) make selections and recommendations to the Secretary and the President for the appointment, promotion, involuntary sepa-ration, continuation, and involuntary retire-ment of officers in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration as prescribed in this title. ‘‘(d) ACTION ON RECOMMENDATIONS NOTAC-
CEPTABLE .—If any recommendation by a board convened under subsection (a) is not accepted by the Secretary or the President, the board shall make such further rec-ommendations as the Secretary or the Presi-dent considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 3573. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 226 (33 U.S.C. 3026) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Appointments’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Appointments’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
ELEGATION OF APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—If the President delegates authority to the Secretary to make appointments under this section, the President shall, during a pe-riod in which the position of the Secretary is vacant, delegate such authority to the Dep-uty Secretary of Commerce or the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere during such period.’’. 
SEC. 3574. ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE OFFICE OF MARINE AND AVIATION OPERATIONS. 
Section 228(c) (33 U.S.C. 3028(c)) is amend-ed— (1) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘Di-rector’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Adminis-trator’’; and (2) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘A
SSISTANT  A
DMINISTRATOR OF THE ’’ before ‘‘O FFICE ’’. 
SEC. 3575. TEMPORARY APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 229 (33 U.S.C. 3029) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 229. TEMPORARY APPOINTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) A PPOINTMENTS BY PRESIDENT .—Tem- porary appointments in the grade of ensign, lieutenant junior grade, or lieutenant may be made by the President. ‘‘(b) T
ERMINATION .—A temporary appoint-ment to a position under subsection (a) shall terminate upon approval of a permanent ap-pointment for such position made by the President. ‘‘(c) O
RDER OF PRECEDENCE .—Appointees under subsection (a) shall take precedence in the grade to which appointed in accordance with the dates of their appointments as offi-cers in such grade. The order of precedence of appointees who are appointed on the same date shall be determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) A
NYONEGRADE .—When determined by the Secretary to be in the best interest of the commissioned officer corps, officers in any permanent grade may be temporarily promoted one grade by the President. Any such temporary promotion terminates upon the transfer of the officer to a new assign-ment. ‘‘(e) D
ELEGATION OF APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—If the President delegates authority to the Secretary to make appointments under this section, the President shall, during a pe-riod in which the position of the Secretary is vacant, delegate such authority to the Dep-uty Secretary of Commerce or the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere during such period.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by striking the item relating to section 229 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 229. Temporary appointments.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3190 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 3576. OFFICER CANDIDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B (33 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 234. OFFICER CANDIDATES. 
‘‘(a) D ETERMINATION OF NUMBER .—The Sec- retary shall determine the number of ap-pointments of officer candidates. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .—Appointment of officer candidates shall be made under regulations which the Secretary shall prescribe, includ-ing regulations with respect to determining age limits, methods of selection of officer candidates, term of service as an officer can-didate before graduation from the program, and all other matters affecting such appoint-ment. ‘‘(c) D
ISMISSAL .—The Secretary may dis-miss from the basic officer training program of the Administration any officer candidate who, during the officer candidate’s term as an officer candidate, the Secretary considers unsatisfactory in either academics or con-duct, or not adapted for a career in the com-missioned officer corps of the Administra-tion. Officer candidates shall be subject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Director of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps. ‘‘(d) A
GREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each officer candidate shall sign an agreement with the Secretary in accordance with section 216(a)(2) regard-ing the officer candidate’s term of service in the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—An agreement signed by an officer candidate under paragraph (1) shall provide that the officer candidate agrees to the following: ‘‘(A) That the officer candidate will com-plete the course of instruction at the basic officer training program of the Administra-tion. ‘‘(B) That upon graduation from the such program, the officer candidate— ‘‘(i) will accept an appointment, if ten-dered, as an officer; and ‘‘(ii) will serve on active duty for at least 4 years immediately after such appointment. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sec-tion. Such regulations shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what con-stitutes a breach of an agreement signed under such subsection (d)(1); and ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred. ‘‘(f) R
EPAYMENT .—An officer candidate or former officer candidate who does not fulfill the terms of the obligation to serve as speci-fied under section (d) shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 216(b).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 233 the following: ‘‘Sec. 234. Officer candidates.’’. (c) O
FFICER CANDIDATE DEFINED .—Section 212(b) (33 U.S.C. 3002(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) O
FFICER CANDIDATE .—The term ‘officer candidate’ means an individual who is en-rolled in the basic officer training program of the Administration and is under consider-ation for appointment as an officer under section 221(a)(2)(A).’’. (d) P
AY FOR OFFICER CANDIDATES .—Section 203 of title 37, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f)(1) An officer candidate enrolled in the basic officer training program of the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration is en-titled, while participating in such program, to monthly officer candidate pay at monthly rate equal to the basic pay of an enlisted member in the pay grade E–5 with less than 2 years service. ‘‘(2) An individual who graduates from such program shall receive credit for the time spent participating in such program as if such time were time served while on active duty as a commissioned officer. If the indi-vidual does not graduate from such program, such time shall not be considered creditable for active duty or pay.’’. SEC. 3577. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B (33 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.), as amended by section 3576(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 235. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONNEL. 
‘‘The Secretary may make such expendi-tures as the Secretary considers necessary in order to obtain recruits for the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, including advertising.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 3576(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 234 the following: ‘‘235. Procurement of personnel.’’. Subpart D—Separation and Retirement of Officers 
SEC. 3578. INVOLUNTARY RETIREMENT OR SEPA-RATION. 
Section 241 (33 U.S.C. 3041) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) D
EFERMENT OF RETIREMENT OR SEPA-
RATION FOR MEDICAL REASONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the evaluation of the medical condition of an officer requires hospitaliza-tion or medical observation that cannot be completed with confidence in a manner con-sistent with the officer’s well being before the date on which the officer would other-wise be required to retire or be separated under this section, the Secretary may defer the retirement or separation of the officer. ‘‘(2) C
ONSENT REQUIRED .—A deferment may only be made with the written consent of the officer involved. If the officer does not pro-vide written consent to the deferment, the officer shall be retired or separated as sched-uled. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A deferral of retirement or separation under this subsection may not extend for more than 30 days after comple-tion of the evaluation requiring hospitaliza-tion or medical observation.’’. 
SEC. 3579. SEPARATION PAY. 
Section 242 (33 U.S.C. 3042) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION .—An officer discharged for twice failing selection for promotion to the next higher grade is not entitled to separa-tion pay under this section if the officer— ‘‘(1) expresses a desire not to be selected for promotion; or ‘‘(2) requests removal from the list of se-lectees.’’. PART III—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES 
SEC. 3581. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDRO-GRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—There are’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $70,814,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Adminis-tration—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
RCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount au-thorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use— ‘‘(A) to acquire hydrographic data; ‘‘(B) to provide hydrographic services; ‘‘(C) to conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation; ‘‘(D) to improve the management of coast-al change in the Arctic; and ‘‘(E) to reduce risks of harm to Alaska Na-tive subsistence and coastal communities as-sociated with increased international mari-time traffic; and ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to ac-quire hydrographic data and provide hydro-graphic services in the Arctic necessary to delineate the United States extended Conti-nental Shelf.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts author-ized by this section for each fiscal year for contract hydrographic surveys, not more than 5 percent is authorized for administra-tive costs associated with contract management.’’. 
SA 4143. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 221. DESIGNATION OF INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION AS ADVANCED LABORATORY FOR AIR VEHICLE SUSTAINMENT FOR APPLIED RE-SEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION ON SUSTAINMENT OF DEFENSE AIR VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, acting through the Office of Research and Engineering of the Department of De-fense, designate an appropriate institution of higher education as an Advanced Laboratory for Air Vehicle Sustainment under the Uni-versity Affiliated Research Center program to carry out applied research, development, test, and evaluation activities for the De-partment of Defense on the sustainment of defense air vehicles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.026 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3191 May 25, 2016 
(b) R EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATION .—An institution of higher education designated pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) have the capability to respond rapidly to new technology requirements with quali-fied engineers and technologists; and (2) possess unique and leading-edge capa-bilities in testing and evaluation of full-scale aviation-related structures and materials for support of the sustainment of defense air ve-hicles. (c) B
USINESS CASEANALYSIS OF UARC P RO-
GRAM .—The Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a business case analysis comparing the conduct of ap-plied research, development, test, and eval-uation of Department aviation capabilities by institutions of higher education with the conduct of such activities by Department of Defense laboratories. The business case anal-ysis shall include the following: (1) An estimate of the cost-savings achieved, and to be achieved, by the Depart-ment in using institutions of higher edu-cation under the program. (2) An assessment of the efficiencies achieved, and to be achieved, by the Depart-ment in using institutions of higher edu-cation in connection with the Better Buying Power 3.0 strategy of the Department to streamline the defense acquisition process. (3) A description of the manner in which priorities under the Better Buying Power 3.0 strategy of the Department are achieved by the Department in using institutions of higher education as described in paragraph (2). (4) An assessment of the ‘‘should cost’’ tar-gets developed by the Office of Research and Engineering for aviation and implemented by each Department laboratory, which as-sessment addresses whether such targets re-duced indirect and overhead expenses when using or subcontracting institutions of high-er education. (5) Any savings realized through activities under paragraph (4) with using institutions of higher education to achieve ‘‘should cost’’ targets. (6) The results of a benchmarking analysis conducted by Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering that compares the business models and performance of De-partment laboratories under the program with the business models and performance of similar laboratories elsewhere in the Gov-ernment, in academia, and in the private sec-tor. 
SA 4144. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XXVIII, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION, EX-PLOSIVES CLEANUP, AND SITE RES-TORATION AT SUNFLOWER ARMY AMMUNITION PLANT, KANSAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of the land con-veyance at Sunflower Army Ammunition Plant, Kansas, authorized under section 2841 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (division B of Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2135), the Secretary of the Army may accept as a payment-in-kind by the entity to which such land was con-veyed an agreement to undertake activities selected by the entity from among the ac-tivities described under subsection (b) that are reasonably estimated to cost approxi-mately $14,500,000. Upon receipt of a cash payment or the commencement of such ac-tivities by the entity, the Secretary shall re-lease from the mortgage filed with the Reg-ister of Deeds, Johnson County, Kansas on August 6, 2005, that part of the Sunflower Army Ammunition Plant to which such pay-ment or activities relate. (b) ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION , EXPLO -
SIVES CLEANUP , AND SITERESTORATION AC-
TIVITIES .—The activities described under this subsection are— (1) environmental remediation activities, including— (A) corrective action required under a per-mit concerning the property to be issued by the Kansas Department of Health and Envi-ronment pursuant to the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.); (B) activities to be carried out by the enti-ty pursuant to Consent Order 05–E–0111, in-cluding any amendments thereto, regarding Army activities at the property between the entity and the Kansas Department of Health and Environment; (C) abatement of potential explosive and ordnance conditions at the property; (D) demolition, abatement, removal, dis-posal, backfilling and seeding of all struc-tures containing asbestos and lead based paint, together with their foundations, foot-ing and slabs; (E) removal and disposal of all soils im-pacted with pesticides in excess of Kansas Department of Health and Environment standards together with backfilling and seed-ing; (F) design, construction, closure and post- closure of a solid waste landfill facility per-mitted by the Kansas Department of Health and Environment pursuant to its delegated authority under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) to accommodate consolidation of existing landfills on the property and future requirements; (G) lime sludge removal, disposal, and backfilling associated with the water treat-ment plant; (H) septic tank closures; and (I) financial assurances required in connec-tion with these activities; and (2) site restoration activities, including— (A) collection and disposal of solid waste present on the property prior to August 6, 2005; (B) removal of improvements to the prop-erty existing on August 6, 2005, including, without limitation, roads, sewers, gas lines, poles, ballast, structures, slabs, footings and foundations together with backfilling and seeding; (C) any impediments to redevelopment of the property arising from the use of the property by or on behalf of the Army or any of its contractors; (D) financial assurances required in con-nection with these activities; and (E) legal, environmental and engineering costs incurred by the entity for the analysis of the work necessary to complete the envi-ronmental. 
SA 4145. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X add the following: SEC. 1097. ASSISTING VETERANS WITH MILITARY EMERGENCY MEDICAL TRAINING TO MEET REQUIREMENTS FOR BECOM-ING CIVILIAN EMERGENCY MEDICAL TECHNICIANS. 
Part B of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 314 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 315. ASSISTING VETERANS WITH MILITARY EMERGENCY MEDICAL TRAINING TO MEET REQUIREMENTS FOR BECOM-ING CIVILIAN EMERGENCY MEDICAL TECHNICIANS. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a program consisting of awarding dem-onstration grants to States to streamline State requirements and procedures in order to assist veterans who completed military emergency medical technician training while serving in the Armed Forces of the United States to meet certification, licensure, and other requirements applicable to becoming an emergency medical technician in the State. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts received as a demonstration grant under this section shall be used to prepare and implement a plan to streamline State requirements and proce-dures as described in subsection (a), includ-ing by— ‘‘(1) determining the extent to which the requirements for the education, training, and skill level of emergency medical techni-cians in the State are equivalent to require-ments for the education, training, and skill level of military emergency medical techni-cians; and ‘‘(2) identifying methods, such as waivers, for military emergency medical technicians to forego or meet any such equivalent State requirements. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant under this section, a State shall demonstrate that the State has a shortage of emergency medical technicians. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the Congress an annual report on the pro-gram under this section. ‘‘(e) F
UNDING .—No additional funds are au-thorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, and this section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose.’’. 
SA 4146. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. OMB DIRECTIVE ON MANAGEMENT OF SOFTWARE LICENSES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; and (2) the term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 105 of title 5, United States Code. (b) OMB D
IRECTIVE .—The Director shall issue a directive to require each executive agency to develop a comprehensive software licensing policy, which shall— (1) identify clear roles, responsibilities, and central oversight authority within the executive agency for managing enterprise software license agreements and commercial software licenses; and (2) require the executive agency to— (A) establish a comprehensive inventory, including 80 percent of software license 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.027 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3192 May 25, 2016 
spending and enterprise licenses in the exec-utive agency, by identifying and collecting information about software license agree-ments using automated discovery and inven-tory tools; (B) regularly track and maintain software licenses to assist the executive agency in im-plementing decisions throughout the soft-ware license management life cycle; (C) analyze software usage and other data to make cost-effective decisions; (D) provide training relevant to software license management; (E) establish goals and objectives of the software license management program of the executive agency; and (F) consider the software license manage-ment life cycle phases, including the requisi-tion, reception, deployment and mainte-nance, retirement, and disposal phases, to implement effective decision making and in-corporate existing standards, processes, and metrics. (c) R
EPORT ON SOFTWARE LICENSE MANAGE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first fis-cal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and in each fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2018, each ex-ecutive agency shall submit to the Director a report on the financial savings or avoid-ance of spending that resulted from im-proved software license management. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The Director shall make each report submitted under paragraph (1) publically available. 
SA 4147. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON THE ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFICE OF RESOLUTION MANAGEMENT AND THE OFFICE OF EMPLOYMENT DIS-CRIMINATION COMPLAINT ADJU-DICATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the activities of the Office of Resolution Management and the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication of the Department of Veterans Affairs, includ-ing an analysis of the programs conducted by such offices and the effectiveness and over-sight of such programs. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller Gen-eral shall— (1) analyze data in possession of the Office of Resolution Management and the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Ad-judication of the Department from the pe-riod beginning on January 1, 2012, and ending on the date of commencement of the study; (2) analyze the oversight by the Depart-ment of such offices and the programs con-ducted by such offices; (3) analyze how such offices determine the amounts paid to complainants under such programs; (4) assess whether the Department or any other entity conducts regular audits of such offices; and (5) analyze how many repeat complaints from the same individuals are handled by such offices and whether there is a special process used by such offices for repeat com-plainants. (c) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and Congress a re-port on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SA 4148. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. IDENTIFICATION AND TRACKING OF BIOLOGICAL IMPLANTS USED IN DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 7330B. Identification and tracking of bio-logical implants ‘‘(a) S
TANDARD IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM FOR  B
IOLOGICAL IMPLANTS .—(1) The Secretary shall adopt the unique device identification system developed for medical devices by the Food and Drug Administration under section 519(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 360i(f)), or implement a comparable standard identification system, for use in identifying biological implants in-tended for use in medical procedures con-ducted in medical facilities of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(2) In adopting or implementing a stand-ard identification system for biological im-plants under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall permit a vendor to use any of the ac-credited entities identified by the Food and Drug Administration as an issuing agency pursuant to section 830.100 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regu-lation. ‘‘(b) B
IOLOGICAL IMPLANT TRACKING SYS-
TEM.—(1) The Secretary shall implement a system for tracking the biological implants described in subsection (a) from human donor or animal source to implantation. ‘‘(2) The tracking system implemented under paragraph (1) shall be compatible with the identification system adopted or imple-mented under subsection (a). ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall implement inven-tory controls compatible with the tracking system implemented under paragraph (1) so that all patients who have received, in a medical facility of the Department, a bio-logical implant subject to a recall can be no-tified of the recall if, based on the evaluation by appropriate medical personnel of the De-partment of the risks and benefits, the Sec-retary determines such notification is appro-priate. ‘‘(c) C
ONSISTENCY WITHFOOD AND DRUGAD-
MINISTRATION REGULATIONS .—To the extent that a conflict arises between this section and a provision of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) or section 351 or 361 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 262 and 264) (including any regulations issued under such provisions), the provision of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or Public Health Service Act (including any regulations issued under such provisions) shall apply. ‘‘(d) B
IOLOGICAL IMPLANT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘biological implant’ means any human cell, tissue, or cellular or tissue- based product or animal product— ‘‘(1) under the meaning given the term ‘human cells, tissues, or cellular or tissue- based products’ in section 1271.3 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-cessor regulation; or ‘‘(2) that is regulated as a device under sec-tion 201(h) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321(h)).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330A the following new item: ‘‘7330B. Identification and tracking of bio-logical implants.’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINES .— (1) S
TANDARD IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall adopt or implement the standard identification sys-tem for biological implants required by sub-section (a) of section 7330B of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), with respect to biological implants described in— (A) subsection (d)(1) of such section, by not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) subsection (d)(2) of such section, in compliance with the compliance dates estab-lished by the Food and Drug Administration under section 519(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360i(f)). (2) T
RACKING SYSTEM .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall implement the bio-logical implant tracking system required by section 7330B(b) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), by not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the biological implant tracking system required by section 7330B(b) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), is not operational by the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report explaining why the system is not operational for each month until such time as the system is operational. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include a descrip-tion of the following: (A) Each impediment to the implementa-tion of the system described in such para-graph. (B) Steps being taken to remediate each such impediment. (C) Target dates for a solution to each such impediment. 
SEC. 1098. PROCUREMENT OF BIOLOGICAL IM-PLANTS USED IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FA-CILITIES. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 8129. Procurement of biological implants ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary may procure biological implants of human origin only from vendors that meet the following conditions: ‘‘(A) The vendor uses the standard identi-fication system adopted or implemented by the Secretary under section 7330B(a) of this title and has safeguards to ensure that a dis-tinct identifier has been in place at each step of distribution of each biological implant from its donor. ‘‘(B) The vendor is registered as required by the Food and Drug Administration under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.027 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3193 May 25, 2016 
subpart B of part 1271 of title 21, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor regula-tion, and in the case of a vendor that uses a tissue distribution intermediary or a tissue processor, the vendor provides assurances that the tissue distribution intermediary or tissue processor is registered as required by the Food and Drug Administration. ‘‘(C) The vendor ensures that donor eligi-bility determinations and such other records as the Secretary may require accompany each biological implant at all times, regard-less of the country of origin of the donor of the biological material. ‘‘(D) The vendor agrees to cooperate with all biological implant recalls conducted on the initiative of the vendor, on the initiative of the original product manufacturer used by the vendor, by the request of the Food and Drug Administration, or by a statutory order of the Food and Drug Administration. ‘‘(E) The vendor agrees to notify the Sec-retary of any adverse event or reaction re-port it provides to the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, as required by sections 1271.3 and 1271.350 of title 21, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation, or any warning letter from the Food and Drug Ad-ministration issued to the vendor or a tissue processor or tissue distribution intermediary used by the vendor by not later than 60 days after the vendor receives such report or warning letter. ‘‘(F) The vendor agrees to retain all records associated with the procurement of a biological implant by the Department for at least 10 years after the date of the procure-ment of the biological implant. ‘‘(G) The vendor provides assurances that the biological implants provided by the ven-dor are acquired only from tissue processors that maintain active accreditation with the American Association of Tissue Banks or a similar national accreditation specific to bi-ological implants. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may procure biological implants of nonhuman origin only from ven-dors that meet the following conditions: ‘‘(A) The vendor uses the standard identi-fication system adopted or implemented by the Secretary under section 7330B(a) of this title. ‘‘(B) The vendor is registered as an estab-lishment as required by the Food and Drug Administration under sections 807.20 and 807.40 of title 21, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation (or is not required to register pursuant to section 807.65(a) of such title, or any successor regu-lation), and in the case of a vendor that is not the original product manufacturer of such implants, the vendor provides assur-ances that the original product manufac-turer is registered as required by the Food and Drug Administration (or is not required to register). ‘‘(C) The vendor agrees to cooperate with all biological implant recalls conducted on the initiative of the vendor, on the initiative of the original product manufacturer used by the vendor, by the request of the Food and Drug Administration, or by a statutory order of the Food and Drug Administration. ‘‘(D) The vendor agrees to notify the Sec-retary of any adverse event report it pro-vides to the Food and Drug Administration as required under part 803 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regu-lation, or any warning letter from the Food and Drug Administration issued to the ven-dor or the original product manufacturer used by the vendor by not later than 60 days after the vendor receives such report or warning letter. ‘‘(E) The vendor agrees to retain all records associated with the procurement of a biological implant by the Department for at least 10 years after the date of the procure-ment of the biological implant. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall procure bio-logical implants under the Federal Supply Schedules of the General Services Adminis-tration unless such implants are not avail-able under such Schedules. ‘‘(B) With respect to biological implants listed on the Federal Supply Schedules, the Secretary shall accommodate reasonable vendor requests to undertake outreach ef-forts to educate medical professionals of the Department about the use and efficacy of such biological implants. ‘‘(C) In the case of biological implants that are unavailable for procurement under the Federal Supply Schedules, the Secretary shall procure such implants using competi-tive procedures in accordance with applica-ble law and the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion, including through the use of a national contract. ‘‘(4) In procuring biological implants under this section, the Secretary shall permit a vendor to use any of the accredited entities identified by the Food and Drug Administra-tion as an issuing agency pursuant to section 830.100 of title 21, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation. ‘‘(5) Section 8123 of this title shall not apply to the procurement of biological im-plants. ‘‘(b) P
ENALTIES .—In addition to any appli-cable penalty under any other provision of law, any procurement employee of the De-partment who is found responsible for a bio-logical implant procurement transaction with intent to avoid or with reckless dis-regard of the requirements of this section shall be ineligible to hold a certificate of ap-pointment as a contracting officer or to serve as the representative of an ordering of-ficer, contracting officer, or purchase card holder. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘biological implant’ has the meaning given that term in section 7330B(d) of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘distinct identifier’ means a distinct identification code that— ‘‘(A) relates a biological implant to the human donor of the implant and to all records pertaining to the implant; ‘‘(B) includes information designed to fa-cilitate effective tracking, using the distinct identification code, from the donor to the re-cipient and from the recipient to the donor; and ‘‘(C) satisfies the requirements of section 1271.290(c) of title 21, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation. ‘‘(3) The term ‘tissue distribution inter-mediary’ means an agency that acquires and stores human tissue for further distribution and performs no other tissue banking func-tions. ‘‘(4) The term ‘tissue processor’ means an entity processing human tissue for use in bi-ological implants, including activities per-formed on tissue other than donor screening, donor testing, tissue recovery and collection functions, storage, or distribution.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 81 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8128 the following new item: ‘‘8129. Procurement of biological implants.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 8129 of title 38, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date on which the track-ing system required under section 7330B(b) of such title, as added by section 1079(a) of this Act, is implemented. (c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CRYOPRESERVED  P
RODUCTS .—During the three-year period be-ginning on the effective date of section 8129 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), biological implants produced and labeled before that effective date may be procured by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs without relabeling under the standard identification system adopted or imple-mented under section 7330B of such title, as added by section 1079(a) of this Act. SA 4149. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1039. RESTRICTIONS ON THE PROCURE-MENT OF SERVICES OR PROPERTY IN CONNECTION WITH MILITARY SPACE LAUNCH FROM ENTITIES OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY PER-SONS SANCTIONED IN CONNECTION WITH RUSSIA’S INVASION OF CRI-MEA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense may not enter into or renew a con-tract for the procurement of services or property in connection with space launch ac-tivities associated with the evolved expend-able launch vehicle program unless the Sec-retary, as a result of affirmative due dili-gence and in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, conclusively certifies in ac-cordance with subsection (b), that— (1) no funding provided under the contract will be used for a purchase from, or a pay-ment to, any entity owned or controlled by a person included on the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons main-tained by the Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol of the Department of the Treasury pur-suant to Executive Order 13661 (79 Fed. Reg. 15535; relating to blocking property of addi-tional persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine) or any other executive order or other provision of law imposing sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation in connection with the invasion of Crimea by the Russian Federation; and (2) no individual who in any way supports the delivery of services or property for such space launch activities poses a counterintel-ligence risk to the United States or is sub-ject to the influence of any foreign military or intelligence service. (b) S
UBMISSION OF CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 120 days before entering into or renewing a contract described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees in writing the certification described in that subsection and the reasons of the Secretary for making the certification. 
SA 4150. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. K IRK, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. B
URR, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. C RUZ, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. P ERDUE , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. B
ARRASSO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.028 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3194 May 25, 2016 
and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle I—Iran Sanctions 
SEC. 1281. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1282. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) On April 2, 2015, President Barack Obama said, ‘‘Other American sanctions on Iran for its support of terrorism, its human rights abuses, its ballistic missile program, will continue to be fully enforced.’’. (2) On July 7, 2015, General Martin Dempsey, then-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said, ‘‘Under no circumstances should we relieve the pressure on Iran rel-ative to ballistic missile capabilities.’’. (3) On July 29, 2015, in his role as the top military officer in the United States and ad-visor to the President, General Dempsey con-firmed that his military recommendation was that sanctions relating to the ballistic missile program of Iran not be lifted. (4) The Government of Iran and Iran’s Rev-olutionary Guard Corps have been respon-sible for the repeated testing of illegal bal-listic missiles capable of carrying a nuclear device, including observed tests in October and November 2015 and March 2016, violating United Nations Security Council resolutions. (5) On October 14, 2015, Samantha Power, United States Ambassador to the United Na-tions, said, ‘‘One of the really important fea-tures in implementation of the recent Iran deal to dismantle Iran’s nuclear program is going to have to be enforcement of the reso-lutions and the standards that remain on the books.’’. (6) On December 11, 2015, the United Na-tions Panel of Experts concluded that the missile launch on October 10, 2015, ‘‘was a violation by Iran of paragraph 9 of Security Council resolution 1929 (2010)’’. (7) On January 17, 2016, Adam Szubin, Act-ing Under Secretary for Terrorism and Fi-nancial Intelligence, stated, ‘‘Iran’s ballistic missile program poses a significant threat to regional and global security, and it will con-tinue to be subject to international sanc-tions. We have consistently made clear that the United States will vigorously press sanc-tions against Iranian activities outside of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action—in-cluding those related to Iran’s support for terrorism, regional destabilization, human rights abuses, and ballistic missile pro-gram.’’. (8) On February 9, 2016, James Clapper, Di-rector of National Intelligence, testified that, ‘‘We judge that Tehran would choose ballistic missiles as its preferred method of delivering nuclear weapons, if it builds them. Iran’s ballistic missiles are inherently capa-ble of delivering WMD, and Tehran already has the largest inventory of ballistic missiles in the Middle East. Iran’s progress on space launch vehicles—along with its desire to deter the United States and its allies—pro-vides Tehran with the means and motivation to develop longer-range missiles, including ICBMs.’’. (9) On March 9, 2016, Iran reportedly fired two Qadr ballistic missiles with a range of more than 1,000 miles and according to pub-lic reports, the missiles were marked with a statement in Hebrew reading, ‘‘Israel must be wiped off the arena of time.’’. (10) On March 11, 2016, Ambassador Power called the recent ballistic missile launches by Iran ‘‘provocative and destabilizing’’ and called on the international community to ‘‘degrade Iran’s missile program’’. (11) On March 14, 2016, Ambassador Power said that the recent ballistic missile launches by Iran were ‘‘in defiance of provi-sions of UN Security Council Resolution 2231’’. (12) Iran has demonstrated the ability to launch multiple rockets from fortified un-derground facilities and mobile launch sites not previously known. (13) The ongoing procurement by Iran of technologies needed to boost the range, accu-racy, and payloads of its diverse ballistic missile arsenal represents a threat to de-ployed personnel of the United States and al-lies of the United States in Europe and the Middle East, including Israel. (14) Ashton Carter, Secretary of Defense, testified in a hearing before the Armed Serv-ices Committee of the Senate on July 7, 2015, that, ‘‘[T]he reason that we want to stop Iran from having an ICBM program is that the I in ICBM stands for intercontinental, which means having the capability to fly from Iran to the United States, and we don’t want that. That’s why we oppose ICBMs.’’. (15) Through recent ballistic missile launch tests the Government of Iran has shown blatant disregard for international laws and its intention to continue tests of that nature throughout the implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. (16) The banking sector of Iran has facili-tated the financing of the ballistic missile programs in Iran and evidence has not been provided that entities in that sector have ceased facilitating the financing of those programs. (17) Iran has been able to amass a large ar-senal of ballistic missiles through its illicit smuggling networks and domestic manufac-turing capabilities that have been supported and maintained by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and specific sectors of the econ-omy of Iran. (18) Penetration by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps into the economy of Iran is well documented including investments in the construction, automotive, telecommuni-cations, electronics, mining, metallurgy, and petrochemical sectors of the economy of Iran. (19) Items procured through sectors of Iran specified in paragraph (18) have dual use ap-plications that are currently being used to create ballistic missiles in Iran and will con-tinue to be a source of materials for the cre-ation of future weapons. (20) In order to curb future illicit activity by Iran, the Government of the United States and the international community must take action against persons that facili-tate and profit from the illegal acquisition of ballistic missile parts and technology in sup-port of the missile programs of Iran. 
SEC. 1283. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the ballistic missile program of Iran represents a serious threat to allies of the United States in the Middle East and Eu-rope, members of the Armed Forces deployed in the those regions, and ultimately the United States; (2) the testing and production by Iran of ballistic missiles capable of carrying a nu-clear device is a clear violation of United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2231 (2015), which was unanimously adopted by the international community; (3) Iran is using its space launch program to develop the capabilities necessary to de-ploy an intercontinental ballistic missile that could threaten the United States, and the Director of National Intelligence has as-sessed that Iran would use ballistic missiles as its ‘‘preferred method of delivering nu-clear weapons’’; and (4) the Government of the United States should impose tough primary and secondary sanctions against any sector of the economy of Iran or any Iranian person that directly or indirectly supports the ballistic missile pro-gram of Iran as well as any foreign person or financial institution that engages in trans-actions or trade that support that program. SEC. 1284. EXPANSION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO EFFORTS BY IRAN TO AC-QUIRE BALLISTIC MISSILE AND RE-LATED TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) C ERTAIN PERSONS .—Section 1604(a) of the Iran-Iraq Arms Non-Proliferation Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–484; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended, in the matter preceding para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, to acquire ballistic missile or related technology,’’ after ‘‘nu-clear weapons’’. (b) F
OREIGN COUNTRIES .—Section 1605(a) of the Iran-Iraq Arms Non-Proliferation Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–484; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended, in the matter preceding para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, to acquire ballistic missile or related technology,’’ after ‘‘nu-clear weapons’’. 
SEC. 1285. EXTENSION OF IRAN SANCTIONS ACT OF 1996 AND EXPANSION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO PERSONS THAT ACQUIRE OR DEVELOP BAL-LISTIC MISSILES. 
(a) E XPANSION OF MANDATORY SANCTIONS .— Section 5(b)(1)(B) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘would likely’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (C) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(II) acquire or develop ballistic missiles and the capability to launch ballistic mis-siles; or’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF IRAN SANCTIONS ACT OF  1996.—Section 13(b) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2031’’. 
SEC. 1286. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO BALLISTIC MISSILE PRO-GRAM OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8721 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Measures Relating to Ballistic Missile Program of Iran 
‘‘SEC. 231. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) A
GRICULTURAL COMMODITY .—The term ‘agricultural commodity’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5602). ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the committees specified in section 14(2) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note); and ‘‘(B) the congressional defense committees, as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(3) C
ORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; PAYABLE - 
THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘cor-respondent account’ and ‘payable-through account’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(4) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘foreign financial institution’ has the meaning of that term as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to sec-tion 104(i) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513(i)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.029 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3195 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(5) G OOD.—The term ‘good’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 16 of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). ‘‘(6) G
OVERNMENT .—The term ‘Govern-ment’, with respect to a foreign country, in-cludes any agencies or instrumentalities of that Government and any entities controlled by that Government. ‘‘(7) M
EDICAL DEVICE .—The term ‘medical device’ has the meaning given the term ‘de-vice’ in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(8) M
EDICINE .—The term ‘medicine’ has the meaning given the term ‘drug’ in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATIONS OF SIGNIFICANCE .— For purposes of this subtitle, in determining if financial transactions or financial services are significant, the President may consider the totality of the facts and circumstances, including factors similar to the factors set forth in section 561.404 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). 
‘‘SEC. 232. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO PERSONS THAT SUPPORT THE BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) I DENTIFICATION OF PERSONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the President shall, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Defense, the Di-rector of National Intelligence, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report identifying persons that have knowingly aided the Government of Iran in the development of the ballistic mis-sile program of Iran. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An identification of persons (disaggregated by Iranian and non-Iranian persons) that have knowingly aided the Gov-ernment of Iran in the development of the ballistic missile program of Iran, including persons that have— ‘‘(i) knowingly engaged in the direct or in-direct provision of material support to such program; ‘‘(ii) knowingly facilitated, supported, or engaged in activities to further the develop-ment of such program; ‘‘(iii) knowingly transmitted information relating to ballistic missiles to the Govern-ment of Iran; or ‘‘(iv) otherwise knowingly aided such pro-gram. ‘‘(B) A description of the character and sig-nificance of the cooperation of each person identified under subparagraph (A) with the Government of Iran with respect to such pro-gram. ‘‘(C) An assessment of the cooperation of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea with the Government of Iran with respect to such program. ‘‘(3) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—Each report re-quired by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classi-fied annex. ‘‘(b) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after submitting a report required by sub-section (a)(1), the President shall, in accord-ance with the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person specified in such report if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(2) INAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under section 202 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSION FROMUNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien subject to blocking of prop-erty and interests in property under sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if ad-mission to the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(d) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, conducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to blocking of property and interests in property under subsection (b). 
‘‘SEC. 233. BLOCKING OF PROPERTY OF PERSONS AFFILIATED WITH CERTAIN IRANIAN ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) B LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, in accordance with the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person described in paragraph (3) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under section 202 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(3) P
ERSONS DESCRIBED .—A person de-scribed in this paragraph is— ‘‘(A) an entity that is owned, directly or indirectly, by a 25 percent or greater inter-est— ‘‘(i) by the Aerospace Industries Organiza-tion, the Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such organization or group; or ‘‘(ii) collectively by a group of individuals that hold an interest in the Aerospace Indus-tries Organization, the Shahid Hemmat In-dustrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such orga-nization or group, even if none of those indi-viduals hold a 25 percent or greater interest in the entity; ‘‘(B) a person that controls, manages, or directs an entity described in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(C) an individual who is on the board of directors of an entity described in subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(b) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, conducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to blocking of property and interests in property under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) IRAN MISSILE PROLIFERATION WATCH  L
IST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and publish in the Federal Register a list of— ‘‘(A) each entity in which the Aerospace Industries Organization, the Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Indus-trial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such organization or group has an ownership in-terest of more than 0 percent and less than 25 percent; ‘‘(B) each entity in which the Aerospace Industries Organization, the Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Indus-trial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such organization or group does not have an own-ership interest but maintains a presence on the board of directors of the entity or other-wise influences the actions, policies, or per-sonnel decisions of the entity; and ‘‘(C) each person that controls, manages, or directs an entity described in subpara-graph (A) or (B). ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE .—The list required by paragraph (1) may be referred to as the ‘Iran Missile Proliferation Watch List’. ‘‘(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a review of each list required by subsection (c)(1); and ‘‘(B) not later than 60 days after each such list is submitted to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress under that subsection, sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the review conducted under subparagraph (A) that includes a list of per-sons not included in that list that qualify for inclusion in that list, as determined by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In preparing the re-port required by paragraph (1)(B), the Comp-troller General shall consult with non-governmental organizations. 
‘‘SEC. 234. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN PERSONS IN-VOLVED IN BALLISTIC MISSILE AC-TIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a certification that each person listed in an annex of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1737 (2006), 1747 (2007), or 1929 (2010) is not directly or indirectly facili-tating, supporting, or involved with the de-velopment of or transfer to Iran of ballistic missiles or technology, parts, components, or technology information relating to bal-listic missiles. ‘‘(b) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the President is unable to make a certification under subsection (a) with respect to a person and the person is not currently subject to sanctions with re-spect to Iran under any other provision of law, the President shall, not later than 15 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.029 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3196 May 25, 2016 
days after that certification would have been required under that subsection— ‘‘(A) in accordance with the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of that person if such property and in-terests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person; and ‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register a re-port describing the reason why the President was unable to make a certification with re-spect to that person. ‘‘(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under section 202 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSION FROMUNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien subject to blocking of prop-erty and interests in property under sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if ad-mission to the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(d) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, conducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to blocking of property and interests in property under subsection (b). 
‘‘SEC. 235. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN SECTORS OF IRAN THAT SUPPORT THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) L IST OF SECTORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and pub-lish in the Federal Register a list of the sec-tors of the economy of Iran that are directly or indirectly facilitating, supporting, or in-volved with the development of or transfer to Iran of ballistic missiles or technology, parts, components, or technology informa-tion relating to ballistic missiles. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN SECTORS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Iran Bal-listic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a determination as to whether each of the automotive, chem-ical, computer science, construction, elec-tronic, energy, metallurgy, mining, petro-chemical, research (including universities and research institutions), and telecommuni-cations sectors of Iran meet the criteria specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION IN INITIAL LIST .—If the President determines under subparagraph (A) that the sectors of the economy of Iran specified in such subparagraph meet the cri-teria specified in paragraph (1), that sector shall be included in the initial list submitted and published under that paragraph. ‘‘(b) SANCTIONS WITHRESPECT TO SPECIFIED  S
ECTORS OF IRAN.— ‘‘(1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, in accordance with the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person described in paragraph (4) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(B) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under section 202 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of this para-graph. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien that is a person de-scribed in paragraph (4). ‘‘(B) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if admission to the United States is nec-essary to permit the United States to com-ply with the Agreement regarding the Head-quarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(3) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—Except as provided in this section, the President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict conditions on the maintaining, in the United States of a cor-respondent account or a payable-through ac-count by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, conducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a per-son described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) P
ERSONS DESCRIBED .—A person is de-scribed in this paragraph if the President de-termines that the person, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanc-tions Act of 2016— ‘‘(A) operates in a sector of the economy of Iran included in the most recent list pub-lished by the President under subsection (a); ‘‘(B) knowingly provides significant finan-cial, material, technological, or other sup-port to, or goods or services in support of, any activity or transaction on behalf of or for the benefit of a person described in sub-paragraph (A); or ‘‘(C) is owned or controlled by a person de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(c) H
UMANITARIAN EXCEPTION .—The Presi-dent may not impose sanctions under this section with respect to any person for con-ducting or facilitating a transaction for the sale of agricultural commodities, food, medi-cine, or medical devices to Iran or for the provision of humanitarian assistance to the people of Iran. 
‘‘SEC. 236. IDENTIFICATION OF FOREIGN PER-SONS THAT SUPPORT THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN IN CERTAIN SECTORS OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress and publish in the Federal Register a list of all foreign per-sons that have, based on credible informa-tion, directly or indirectly facilitated, sup-ported, or been involved with the develop-ment of ballistic missiles or technology, parts, components, or technology informa-tion related to ballistic missiles in the fol-lowing sectors of the economy of Iran during the period specified in subsection (b): ‘‘(1) Automotive. ‘‘(2) Chemical. ‘‘(3) Computer Science. ‘‘(4) Construction. ‘‘(5) Electronic. ‘‘(6) Energy. ‘‘(7) Metallurgy. ‘‘(8) Mining. ‘‘(9) Petrochemical. ‘‘(10) Research (including universities and research institutions). ‘‘(11) Telecommunications. ‘‘(12) Any other sector of the economy of Iran identified under section 235(a). ‘‘(b) PERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period speci-fied in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) with respect to the first list submitted under subsection (a), the period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Iran Bal-listic Missile Sanctions Act of 2016 and end-ing on the date that is 120 days after such date of enactment; and ‘‘(2) with respect to each subsequent list submitted under such subsection, the one- year period preceding the submission of the list. ‘‘(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to each list submitted under subsection (a), not later than 120 days after the list is submitted under that subsection, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the processes fol-lowed by the President in preparing the list; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the foreign persons included in the list; and ‘‘(C) a list of persons not included in the list that qualify for inclusion in the list, as determined by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In preparing the re-port required by paragraph (1), the Comp-troller General shall consult with non-governmental organizations. ‘‘(d) C
REDIBLE INFORMATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘credible information’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 224 the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Measures Relating to Ballistic Missile Program of Iran ‘‘Sec. 231. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 232. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to persons that support the ballistic missile program of Iran. ‘‘Sec. 233. Blocking of property of persons affiliated with certain Iranian entities. ‘‘Sec. 234. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to certain persons in-volved in ballistic missile ac-tivities. ‘‘Sec. 235. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to certain sectors of Iran that support the ballistic mis-sile program of Iran. ‘‘Sec. 236. Identification of foreign persons that support the ballistic mis-sile program of Iran in certain sectors of Iran.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.029 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3197 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 1287. EXPANSION OF MANDATORY SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO BALLISTIC MISSILE CAPABILI-TIES OF IRAN. 
Section 104 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (ii) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) to acquire or develop ballistic missiles and capabilities and launch technology re-lating to ballistic missiles; or’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E)(ii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (iii) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(II) Iran’s development of ballistic mis-siles and capabilities and launch technology relating to ballistic missiles; or’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and moving those subparagraphs, as so redes-ignated, two ems to the right; (B) by striking ‘‘W
AIVER .—The’’ and insert-ing ‘‘W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary of the Treasury may not waive under paragraph (1) the application of a prohibition or condition imposed with respect to an activity de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii) or (E)(ii)(II) of subsection (c)(2).’’. 
SEC. 1288. DISCLOSURE TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF ACTIVI-TIES WITH CERTAIN SECTORS OF IRAN THAT SUPPORT THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13(r)(1) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(r)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) knowingly engaged in any activity for which sanctions may be imposed under sec-tion 235 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012;’’. (b) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—Section 13(r)(5)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended by striking ‘‘an Executive order specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 235 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, an Executive order specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(E)’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 13(r)(5) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended, in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (E)(iii)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect with respect to reports required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1289. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sub-title and the amendments made by this sub-title. SA 4151. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. TREATMENT OF OIL SHALE RESERVE RECEIPTS. 
Section 7439 of title 10, United State States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) D
ISPOSITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 35 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191), the amounts received during the period spec-ified in paragraph (2) from a lease under this section (including moneys in the form of sales, bonuses, royalties (including interest charges collected under the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 (30 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)), and rentals) that do not exceed the sum of the amounts specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2)— ‘‘(i) shall be deposited in the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to distribution to the States pursuant to section 35(a) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191(a)). ‘‘(B) M
INERAL LEASING ACT .—Any amounts received during the period specified in para-graph (2) from a lease under this section (in-cluding moneys in the form of sales, bonuses, royalties (including interest charges col-lected under the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 (30 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)), and rentals) that exceed the sum of the amounts specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2)— ‘‘(i) shall be deposited in the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) shall be subject to distribution to the States pursuant to section 35(a) of the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191(a)). ‘‘(C) N
O IMPACT ON PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF  
TAXES .—Nothing in this paragraph impacts or reduces any payment authorized under section 6903 of title 31, United States Code.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘(2) The period’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The period’’; and (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-section (f)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(1)(A)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘subsection (f)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(1)(A)’’. 
SA 4152. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle H of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899C. ARMY ARSENAL REVITALIZATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) L
EGACY ITEMS .—The term ‘‘legacy items’’ means manufactured items that are no longer produced by the private sector but continue to be used for Department of De-fense weapons systems, excluding informa-tion technology and information systems (as those terms are defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code). (2) O
RGANIC INDUSTRIAL BASE .—The term ‘‘organic industrial base’’ means United States military facilities that advance a vital national security interest by producing necessary materials, munitions, and hard-ware, including arsenals and depots. (b) R
EPORT ON USE OF ORGANIC INDUSTRIAL  B
ASE AND PRIVATE SECTOR TO MANUFACTURE  C
ERTAIN ITEMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report listing all legacy items used by the Department of Defense with a contract value equal to or greater than $5,000,000. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include, for each item listed, a list of potential alternative manu-facturing sources from the organic industrial base and private sector that could be devel-oped to establish competition for those items. (c) U
SE OF ORGANIC INDUSTRIAL BASE TO  A
DDRESS DIMINISHING MANUFACTURING  S
OURCES AND MATERIAL SHORTAGES .— (1) R
EPORT ON IMPROVING GUIDANCE AND  
PRACTICES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report de-tailing plans to update and improve its guid-ance and practices on Diminishing Manufac-turing Sources and Material Shortages (DMSMS), including through the use of the organic industrial base as a resource in the implementation of a DMSMS management plan. (2) R
EPORT ON IDENTIFICATION OF ARMY AR -
SENAL CRITICAL CAPABILITIES AND MINIMUM  
WORKLOADS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that includes— (A) a standardized method for identifying the critical capabilities and minimum work-loads of the Army arsenals; and (B) a progress update on implementation of the United States Army Organic Industrial Base Strategic Plan 2012–2022. (d) A
SSESSMENT TO DETERMINE LABOR RATE F
LEXIBILITY .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall complete a labor rate assessment for all Working Capital Fund entities to determine whether to uti-lize a flexible labor rate within the Working Capital Fund’s high and low labor rate budg-et amounts and change the period of time that rates are set from annual to bi-annual or quarterly. The assessment shall include recommendations based upon data received from the assessment, including incor-porating more flexibility into the Working Capital Fund’s labor rates. 
SA 4153. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.029 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3198 May 25, 2016 
bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899C. ARMY ARSENAL REVITALIZATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) L
EGACY ITEMS .—The term ‘‘legacy items’’ means manufactured items that are no longer produced by the private sector but continue to be used for Department of De-fense weapons systems, excluding informa-tion technology and information systems (as those terms are defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code). (2) O
RGANIC INDUSTRIAL BASE .—The term ‘‘organic industrial base’’ means United States military facilities that advance a vital national security interest by producing necessary materials, munitions, and hard-ware, including arsenals and depots. (b) U
SE OF ARSENALS TO MANUFACTURE  C
ERTAIN ITEMS .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report listing all legacy items used by the Department of Defense with a contract value equal to or greater than $5,000,000. (2) L
EGACY ITEM PRODUCTION REQUIRE -
MENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall use Army arsenals for the production of all leg-acy items identified in the report submitted under paragraph (1). (c) U
SE OF ORGANIC INDUSTRIAL BASE TO  A
DDRESS DIMINISHING MANUFACTURING  S
OURCES AND MATERIAL SHORTAGES .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report de-tailing plans to update and improve its guid-ance and practices on Diminishing Manufac-turing Sources and Material Shortages (DMSMS), including through the use of the organic industrial base as a resource in the implementation of a DMSMS management plan. (2) G
UIDANCE REGARDING USE OF ORGANIC IN -
DUSTRIAL BASE .—The Secretary of the Army shall maintain the arsenals with sufficient workloads to ensure affordability and tech-nical competence in all critical capability areas by establishing, not later than March 30, 2017, clear, step-by-step, prescriptive guidance on the process for conducting make-or-buy analyses, including the use of the organic industrial base. (3) I
DENTIFICATION OF ARMY ARSENAL CRIT -
ICAL CAPABILITIES AND MINIMUM WORKLOADS .— (A) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that— (i) includes a standardized, consistent method to use for identifying the critical ca-pabilities and minimum workloads of the Army arsenals; (ii) provides analysis on the critical capa-bilities and minimum workloads for each of the manufacturing arsenals; and (iii) identifies fundamental elements, such as steps, milestones, timeframes, and re-sources for implementing the United States Army Organic Industrial Base Strategic Plan 2012–2022. (B) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue guidance to implement the process for identifying the critical capabilities of the Army’s manufac-turing arsenals and the method for deter-mining the minimum workload needed to sustain these capabilities. (d) AUTHORITY TO ADJUST LABOR RATES TO  R
EFLECT WORKPRODUCTION .— (1) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a three-year pilot program for the purpose of permitting Army arsenals to adjust their labor rates periodically throughout the year based upon changes in workload and other factors. (2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that assesses— (A) each Army arsenal’s changes in labor rates throughout the previous year; (B) the ability of each arsenal to meet the costs of their working capital funds; and (C) the effect on arsenal workloads of labor rate changes. 
SA 4154. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X of divi-sion A, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. RETURN OF HUMAN REMAINS BY THE NATIONAL MUSEUM OF HEALTH AND MEDICINE. 
The National Museum of Health and Medi-cine shall facilitate the relocation of the human cranium that is in the possession of the National Museum of Health and Medicine and that is associated with the Mountain Meadows Massacre of 1857 for interment at the Mountain Meadows grave site. 
SA 4155. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PROVISION OF STATUS UNDER LAW BY HONORING CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES AS VETERANS. 
Any person who is entitled under chapter 1223 of title 10, United States Code, to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be entitled under such chapter to re-tired pay for nonregular service shall be hon-ored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this section. 
SA 4156. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. MEMORIAL TO HONOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES THAT SERVED ON ACTIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF OPERATION DESERT STORM OR OP-ERATION DESERT SHIELD. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) section 8908(b)(1) of title 40, United States Code, provides that the location of a commemorative work in Area I, as depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Commemorative Areas Washington, DC and Environs’’, numbered 869/86501 B, and dated June 24, 2003, shall be deemed to be authorized only if a rec-ommendation for the location is approved by law not later than 150 calendar days after the date on which Congress is notified of the rec-ommendation; (2) section 3093 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 113–291) author-ized the National Desert Storm Memorial Association to establish a memorial on Fed-eral land in the District of Columbia, to honor the members of the Armed Forces that served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield; and (3) the Secretary of the Interior has noti-fied Congress of the determination of the Secretary of the Interior that the memorial should be located in Area I. (b) A
PPROVAL OF LOCATION .—The location of a commemorative work to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces that served on active duty in support of Op-eration Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield authorized by section 3093 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 113–291), within Area I, as depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Commemorative Areas Wash-ington, DC and Environs’’, numbered 869/ 86501 B, and dated June 24, 2003, is approved. 
SA 4157. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. RECOVERY OF CERTAIN IMPROPERLY WITHHELD SEVERANCE PAYMENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE; FINDINGS .— (1) S
HORT TITLE .—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Combat-Injured Veterans Tax Fairness Act of 2016’’. (2) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (A) Approximately 10,000 to 11,000 individ-uals are retired from service in the Armed Forces for medical reasons each year. (B) Some of such individuals are separated from service in the Armed Forces for com-bat-related injuries (as defined in section 104(b)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (C) Congress has recognized the tremen-dous personal sacrifice of veterans with com-bat-related injuries by, among other things, specifically excluding from taxable income severance pay received for combat-related injuries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.030 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3199 May 25, 2016 
(D) Since 1991, the Secretary of Defense has improperly withheld taxes from severance pay for wounded veterans, thus denying them their due compensation and a signifi-cant benefit intended by Congress. (E) Many veterans owed redress are beyond the statutory period to file an amended tax return because they were not or are not aware that taxes were improperly withheld. (b) R
ESTORATION OF AMOUNTS IMPROPERLY  W
ITHHELD FOR TAXPURPOSES FROM SEVER -
ANCE PAYMENTS TO VETERANS WITHCOMBAT - 
RELATED INJURIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (A) identify— (i) the severance payments— (I) that the Secretary paid after January 17, 1991; (II) that the Secretary computed under section 1212 of title 10, United States Code; (III) that were excluded from gross income pursuant to section 104(a)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and (IV) from which the Secretary withheld amounts for Federal income tax purposes; and (ii) the individuals to whom such severance payments were made; and (B) with respect to each person identified under subparagraph (A)(ii), provide— (i) notice of— (I) the amount of severance payments in subparagraph (A)(i) which were improperly withheld for tax purposes; and (II) such other information determined to be necessary by the Secretary of Treasury to carry out the purposes of this section; and (ii) instructions for filing amended tax re-turns to recover the amounts improperly withheld for tax purposes. (2) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON TIME FOR  
CREDIT OR REFUND .— (A) P
ERIOD FOR FILING CLAIM .—If a claim for credit or refund under section 6511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 relates to a specified overpayment, the 3-year period of limitation prescribed by such subsection shall not expire before the date which is 1 year after the date the notice described in paragraph (1)(B) is provided. The allowable amount of credit or refund of a specified overpayment shall be determined without re-gard to the amount of tax paid within the pe-riod provided in section 6511(b)(2). (B) S
PECIFIED OVERPAYMENT .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘‘specified overpayment’’ means an overpayment attrib-utable to a severance payment described in paragraph (1)(A). (c) R
EQUIREMENT THAT SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE ENSURE AMOUNTS ARENOTWITHHELD  
FOR TAXPURPOSES FROM SEVERANCE PAY-
MENTS NOTCONSIDERED GROSS INCOME .—The Secretary of Defense shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that amounts are not withheld for tax purposes from sever-ance payments made by the Secretary to in-dividuals when such payments are not con-sidered gross income pursuant to section 104(a)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After completing the identification required by subsection (b)(1) and not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on the actions taken by the Secretary to carry out this sec-tion. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The number of individuals identified under subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii). (B) Of all the severance payments de-scribed in subsection (b)(1)(A)(i), the aggre-gate amount that the Secretary withheld for tax purposes from such payments. (C) A description of the actions the Sec-retary plans to take to carry out subsection (c). (3) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4158. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 565. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO DISESTABLISH SENIOR RESERVE OF-FICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PRO-GRAMS. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act may be used— (1) to disestablish, or prepare to disestab-lish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Depart-ment of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) to close, downgrade from host to exten-sion center, or place on probation a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Sen-ior Reserve Officers Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’ and dated January 27, 2014, or any successor informa-tion paper or policy of the Department of the Army. 
SA 4159. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1032, after line 23, add the fol-lowing: (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it should be the policy of the United States to support, within the framework of the Iraq Constitution, the Kurdish Peshmerga in Iraq, Iraq Security Forces, Sunni tribal forces, and other local security forces, including ethnic and religious minor-ity groups such as Iraqi Christian militias, in the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; (2) recognizing the important role of the Kurdish Peshmerga in Iraq in the military campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Iraq, the United States should provide arms, training, and appro-priate equipment directly to the Kurdistan Regional Government; (3) efforts should be made to ensure trans-parency and oversight mechanisms are in place for oversight of United States assist-ance under section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 in order to combat waste, fraud, and abuse; and (4) securing safe areas, including the Nineveh Plain, for purposes of resettling and reintegrating ethnic and religious minori-ties, including victims of genocide, into their homelands in Iraq is a critical component to-ward achieving a safe, secure, and sovereign Iraq. SA 4160. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1247. UNITED STATES POLICY ON TAIWAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) For more than 50 years, the United States and Taiwan have had a unique and close relationship, which has supported the economic, cultural, and strategic advantage to both countries. (2) The United States has vital security and strategic interests in the Taiwan Strait. (3) The Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) has been instru-mental in maintaining peace, security, and stability in the Taiwan Strait since its en-actment in 1979. (4) The Taiwan Relations Act states that it is the policy of the United States to provide Taiwan with arms of a defensive character and to maintain the capacity of the United States to defend against any forms of coer-cion that would jeopardize the security, or the social or economic system, of the people on Taiwan. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—The Taiwan Re-lations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) forms the cornerstone of United States policy and relations with Taiwan. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) P
ROVISION OF DEFENSIVE ARMS TO TAI -
WAN.—Not later than February 15, 2017, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly brief the appropriate committees of Congress on the steps the United States has taken, plans to take, and will take to provide Taiwan with arms of a defensive character, training, and software in accordance with the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.). (2) A
NNUAL REPORT ON FOREIGN MILITARY  
SALES TO TAIWAN .—Section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) At the end of each fiscal year, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services and Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a classified report that lists each request received from Taiwan and each letter of offer to sell any defense articles or services under this Act to Taiwan during such fiscal year.’’. (3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.031 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3200 May 25, 2016 
SA 4161. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1204 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1204. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRAVEL TO CUBA OR TO INVITE, AS-SIST, OR OTHERWISE ASSURE THE PARTICIPATION OF CUBA IN CER-TAIN JOINT OR MULTILATERAL EX-ERCISES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act, or by any Act enacted before the date of the enactment of this Act, may be used for a purpose specified in subsection (b) until the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, submits to Congress written assurances that— (1) the Cuban military has ceased commit-ting human rights abuses against civil rights activists and other citizens of Cuba; (2) the Cuban military has ceased providing military intelligence, weapons training, strategic planning, and security logistics to the military and security forces of Ven-ezuela; (3) the Cuban military and other security forces in Cuba have ceased all persecution, intimidation, arrest, imprisonment, and as-sassination of dissidents and members of faith based organizations; (4) the Government of Cuba no longer de-mands that the United States relinquish con-trol of Guantanamo Bay, in violation of an international treaty; and (5) the officials of the Cuban military that were indicted in the murder of United States citizens during the shootdown of planes oper-ated by the Brothers to the Rescue humani-tarian organization in 1996 are brought to justice. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes specified in this subsection are as follows: (1) To station personnel or authorize tem-porary duty for personnel at the United States embassy in Cuba. (2) To invite, assist, or otherwise assure the participation of the Government of Cuba in any joint or multilateral exercise or re-lated security conference between the United States and Cuba. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in sub-section (a) shall not apply to any travel or joint or multilateral exercise or operation related to humanitarian assistance or dis-aster response. 
SA 4162. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: SEC. 1227. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO PROCURE, OR ENTER INTO ANY CON-TRACT FOR THE PROCUREMENT OF, ANY GOODS OR SERVICES FROM PERSONS THAT PROVIDE MATERIAL SUPPORT TO CERTAIN IRANIAN PER-SONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No funds authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 may be used to procure, or enter into any contract for the procure-ment of, any goods or services from any per-son that provides material support to, in-cluding engaging in a significant transaction or transactions with, a covered Iranian per-son during such fiscal year. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation shall be revised to require a certification from each person that is a pro-spective contractor that such person does not engage in any of the conduct described in subsection (a). Such revision shall apply with respect to contracts in an amount greater than the simplified acquisition threshold (as defined in section 134 of title 41, United States Code) for which solicita-tions are issued on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury, may, on a case-by-case basis, waive the limitation in subsection (a) with respect to a person if the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury— (1) determines that the waiver is important to the national security interest of the United States; and (2) not less than 30 days before the date on which the waiver is to take effect, submits to the appropriate committees of Congress— (A) a notification of, and detailed justifica-tion for, the waiver; and (B) a certification that— (i) the person to which the waiver is to apply is no longer engaging in an activity de-scribed in subsection (a) or has taken signifi-cant verifiable and credible steps toward stopping such an activity, including winding down contracts or other agreements that were in effect before the date of the enact-ment of this Act; and (ii) the Secretary of Defense has received reliable assurances in writing that the per-son will not knowingly engage in an activity described in subsection (a) in the future. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED IRANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘covered Iranian person’’ means an Iranian person that— (A) is included on the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons main-tained by the Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol of the Department of the Treasury and the property and interests in property of which are blocked pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) for acting on behalf of or at the direction of, or being owned or con-trolled by, the Government of Iran; (B) is included on the list of persons identi-fied as blocked solely pursuant to Executive Order 13599; or (C) in the case of an Iranian person de-scribed in paragraph (3)(B)— (i) is owned, directly or indirectly, by— (I) Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or any agent or affiliate thereof; or (II) one or more other Iranian persons that are included on the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons as de-scribed in subparagraph (A) if such Iranian persons collectively own a 25 percent or greater interest in the Iranian person; or (ii) is controlled, managed, or directed, di-rectly or indirectly, by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or any agent or affiliate there-of, or by one or more other Iranian persons described in clause (i)(II). (3) IRANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a national of Iran; or (B) an entity that is organized under the laws of Iran or otherwise subject to the juris-diction of the Government of Iran. (4) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means has the meaning given such term in section 560.305 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tion, as such section 560.305 was in effect on April 22, 2016. (5) S
IGNIFICANT TRANSACTION OR TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The term ‘‘significant transaction or transactions’’ shall be determined, for purposes of this section, in accordance with section 561.404 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section 561.404 was in ef-fect on January 1, 2016. 
SA 4163. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 1243, insert the following: 
SEC. 1243A. GRANT OF OBSERVER STATUS TO THE MILITARY FORCES OF TAIWAN AT RIM OF THE PACIFIC EXERCISES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall grant observer status to the military forces of Taiwan in any maritime exercise known as the Rim of the Pacific Exercise. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and applies with respect to any mari-time exercise described in subsection (a) that begins on or after such date. 
SA 4164. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. REPORT ON USE BY THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN OF COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT AND RELATED SERVICES FOR IL-LICIT MILITARY OR OTHER ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the use by the Government of Iran of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.032 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3201 May 25, 2016 
commercial aircraft and related services for illicit military or other activities during the 5-year period ending of such date of enact-ment. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the extent to which the Government of Iran has used commercial air-craft or related services to transport illicit cargo to or from Iran, including military goods, weapons, military personnel, mili-tary-related electronic parts and mechanical equipment, and rocket or missile compo-nents; (2) a list of airports outside of Iran at which such aircraft have landed; (3) a description of the extent to which the commercial aviation sector of Iran has pro-vided financial, material, and technological support to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps or any of its agents or affiliates, in-cluding Mahan Air; (4) a description of the extent to which for-eign governments and persons have facili-tated the activities described in paragraph (1), including allowing the use of airports, services, or other resources; and (5) a description of the efforts of the Presi-dent to address the activities described in paragraphs (1), (3), and (4). 
SA 4165. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. T
OOMEY , and Mrs. C APITO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. CLARIFICATION THAT FREEZING OF ASSETS OF IRANIAN FINANCIAL IN-STITUTIONS INCLUDES ASSETS IN POSSESSION OR CONTROL OF A UNITED STATES PERSON PURSUANT TO A U-TURN TRANSACTION. 
Section 1245(c) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8513a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The President’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) U-
TURN TRANSACTIONS .—Property that comes within the possession or control of a United States person pursuant to a transfer of funds that arises from, and is ordinarily incident and necessary to give effect to, an underlying transaction shall be considered to come within the possession or control of that person for purposes of paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) B
OOK TRANSFERS .—A transfer of funds or other property for the benefit of an Ira-nian financial institution that is made be-tween accounts of the same financial institu-tion shall be considered property or interests in property of that Iranian financial institu-tion for purposes of paragraph (1) even if that Iranian financial institution is not the direct recipient of the transfer.’’. 
SA 4166. Mr. COATS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MILITARY RE-LATIONS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China should not dictate military relations be-tween the United States and the Republic of China. 
SA 4167. Mr. COATS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. AUTHORITY FOR MILITARY PER-SONNEL OF TAIWAN TO WEAR MILI-TARY UNIFORMS OF TAIWAN WHILE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Members of the military forces of Taiwan who are wearing an authorized uniform of such military forces in accordance with ap-plicable authorities of Taiwan are hereby au-thorized to wear such uniforms while in the United States. 
SA 4168. Mr. COATS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1085. REPORTS ON FORCE STRUCTURES RE-QUIRED BY THE NAVY AND THE AIR FORCE IN F–16 AND F–18 FIGHTER AIRCRAFT TO MAINTAIN WORLD-WIDE AIR DOMINANCE AND AIR CON-TROL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2017, the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force shall each submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an assessment of the force structure in F–16 and F–18 fighter air-craft required by the Navy and the Air Force, respectively, in order to maintain worldwide air dominance and air control. (b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force shall each obtain the assessment required for purposes of a report under sub-section (a) from a not-for profit entity inde-pendent of the Department of Defense that is appropriate for the conduct of the assess-ment. The same entity may conduct both as-sessments. 
SA 4169. Mr. COATS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON DISCHARGE BY WARRANT OFFICERS OF PILOT AND OTHER FLIGHT OFFICER POSITIONS IN THE NAVY, MARINE, CORPS, AND AIR FORCE CURRENTLY DISCHARGED BY COMMISSIONED OFFICERS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy and the Sec-retary of the Air Force shall each submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility and advisability of the discharge by warrant officers of pilot and other flight officer positions in the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary that are currently discharged by com-missioned officers. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall set forth, for each Armed Force covered by such report, the following: (1) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability of the discharge by warrant offi-cers of pilot and other flight officer positions that are currently discharged by commis-sioned officers. (2) An identification of each such position, if any, for which the discharge by warrant officers is assessed to be feasible and advis-able. 
SA 4170. Mr. COATS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. AUTHORITY FOR VESSELS OF THE TAI-WAN NAVY AND COAST GUARD AD-MINISTRATION TO CALL ON UNITED STATES PORTS AND INSTALLATIONS OF THE UNITED STATES NAVY AND THE COAST GUARD. 
Vessels of the Taiwan Navy and the Tai-wan Coast Guard Administration are hereby authorized to call on United States ports and on installations of the United States Navy and the United States Coast Guard. 
SA 4171. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1236. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON RUSSIAN MILITARY AGGRESSION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) On May 25, 1972, the United States and the Soviet Union signed the Agreement Be-tween the Government of The United States of America and the Government of The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Prevention of Incidents On and Over the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.032 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3202 May 25, 2016 
High Seas (the ‘‘Agreement’’). Russia and the United States remain parties to the Agreement. (2) Article IV of the Agreement provides that ‘‘Commanders of aircraft of the Parties shall use the greatest caution and prudence in approaching aircraft and ships of the other Party operating on and over the high seas, and . . . shall not permit simulated at-tacks by the simulated use of weapons against aircraft and ships, or performance of various aerobatics over ships’’. (3) On January 25, 2016, a Russian Su–27 air-superiority fighter flew within 15 feet of a United States Air Force RC–135U aircraft flying a routine patrol in international air-space over the Black Sea. (4) On April 11, 2016, the USS DONALD COOK, an Arleigh-Burke-class guided-missile destroyer, was repeatedly buzzed by Russian Su-24 attack aircraft while operating in the Baltic Sea. United States officials described the low-passes as having a ‘‘simulated attack profile’’. (5) On April 12, 2014, a Russian Su–24 again conducted close-range low altitude passes for about 90 minutes near the DONALD COOK. (6) The United States European Command expressed ‘‘deep concerns’’ about the April 11 and 12, 2016, Russian close-range passes over the DONALD COOK and stated that the ma-neuvers were ‘‘unprofessional and unsafe’’. (7) On April 14, 2016, a Russian Su–27 bar-rel-rolled over a United States reconnais-sance aircraft operating in international air-space over the Baltic Sea, at one point com-ing within 50 feet of the United States plane. The Pentagon condemned the maneuver as ‘‘erratic and aggressive’’. (8) On April 20, 2016, Russian Permanent Representative to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Alexander Grushko ac-cused United States military aircraft and vessels operating in international waters as attempting ‘‘to exercise military pressure on Russia’’ and promised to ‘‘take all necessary measures [and] precautions, to compensate for these attempts to use military force’’. (9) On April 29, 2016, another Russian Su–27 performed another barrel-roll over a United States Air Force RC–135 reconnaissance plane, this time coming within approxi-mately 100 feet of the aircraft. (10) The commander of the United States Cyber Command, Admiral Mike Rogers, warned Congress during a Senate hearing that Russia and China can now launch crip-pling cyberattacks on the electric grid and other critical infrastructures of the United States. (11) Russia’s military build-up and increas-ing Anti-Access/Area Denial capabilities in Kaliningrad and its expanded operations in the Black Sea, the eastern Mediterranean Sea, and in Syria aim to deny United States access to key areas of Eurasia and often pose direct challenges to stated United States in-terests. (12) The United States has determined that in 2015, Russia continued to be in violation of obligations under the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimi-nation of their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles (the ‘‘INF Treaty’’), signed in Washington, D.C. on December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988, not to possess, produce, or flight-test a ground- launched cruise missile with a range capa-bility of 500 km to 5,500 km, or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles. (13) Russia is adding multiple, independ-ently targetable reentry vehicles or MIRVs to existing deployed road-mobile SS–27 and submarine-launched SS–N–32 missiles there-by doubling the number of its strategic nu-clear warheads and exceeding the 1,550 per-mitted under the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federa-tion on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms (the ‘‘New START Treaty’’), signed April 8, 2010, and entered into force February 5, 2011 (14) General Philip Breedlove, Commander of United States European Command, stated that ‘‘we face a resurgent and aggressive Russia, and as we have continued to witness these last two years, Russia continues to seek to extend its influence on its periphery and beyond’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) condemns the recent dangerous and un-professional Russian intercepts of United States-flagged aircraft and vessels; (2) calls on the Government of the Russian Federation to cease provocative military maneuvers that endanger United States forces and those of its allies; (3) calls on the United States, its European allies, and the international community to continue to apply pressure on the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation to cease its provocative international behavior; and (4) reaffirms the right of the United States to operate military aircraft and vessels in international airspace and waters. 
SA 4172. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle I—Matters Relating to Israel 
SEC. 1281. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Com-bating BDS Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1282. AUTHORITY OF STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS TO DIVEST FROM ENTITIES THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN BOYCOTT, DIVESTMENT, OR SANC-TIONS ACTIVITIES TARGETING ISRAEL. 
(a) A UTHORITY TODIVEST .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a State or local government may adopt and enforce measures that meet the notice requirement of subsection (b) to divest the assets of the State or local government from, or prohibit investment of the assets of the State or local government in— (1) an entity that the State or local gov-ernment determines, using credible informa-tion available to the public, engages in a commerce-related or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activity targeting Israel; (2) a successor entity or subunit of an enti-ty described in paragraph (1); or (3) an entity that owns or controls, is owned or controlled by, or is under common ownership or control with, an entity de-scribed in paragraph (1). (b) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A State or local govern-ment shall provide written notice to each en-tity to which a measure taken by the State or local government under subsection (a) is to be applied before applying the measure with respect to the entity. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not be construed to prohibit a State or local government from taking additional steps to provide due process with respect to an entity to which a measure is to be applied under subsection (a). (c) NONPREEMPTION .—A measure of a State or local government authorized under sub-section (a) is not preempted by any Federal law. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section applies to any measure adopted by a State or local government before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to abridge the authority of a State to issue and enforce rules governing the safety, soundness, and solvency of a financial institution subject to its jurisdiction or the business of insurance pursuant to the Act of March 9, 1945 (59 Stat. 33, chapter 20; 15 U.S.C. 1011 et seq.) (com-monly known as the ‘‘McCarran-Ferguson Act’’). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
SSETS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘assets’’ means any pension, retirement, annuity, or endow-ment fund, or similar instrument, that is controlled by a State or local government. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The term ‘‘assets’’ does not include employee benefit plans covered by title I of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). (2) B
OYCOTT , DIVESTMENT , OR SANCTIONS AC -
TIVITY TARGETING ISRAEL .—The term ‘‘boy-cott, divestment, or sanctions activity tar-geting Israel’’ means any activity that is in-tended to penalize, inflict economic harm on, or otherwise limit commercial relations with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in Israeli-controlled territories for purposes of coercing political action by, or imposing policy positions on, the Government of Israel. (3) E
NTITY .—The term ‘‘entity’’ includes— (A) any corporation, company, business as-sociation, partnership, or trust; and (B) any governmental entity or instrumen-tality of a government, including a multilat-eral development institution (as defined in section 1701(c)(3) of the International Finan-cial Institutions Act (22 U.S.C. 262r(c)(3))). (4) I
NVESTMENT .—The term ‘‘investment’’ includes— (A) a commitment or contribution of funds or property; (B) a loan or other extension of credit; and (C) the entry into or renewal of a contract for goods or services. (5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and any other terri-tory or possession of the United States. (6) S
TATE OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘State or local government’’ includes— (A) any State and any agency or instru-mentality thereof; (B) any local government within a State and any agency or instrumentality thereof; and (C) any other governmental instrumen-tality of a State or locality. 
SEC. 1283. SAFE HARBOR FOR CHANGES OF IN-VESTMENT POLICIES BY ASSET MAN-AGERS. 
Section 13(c)(1) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–13(c)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) engage in any boycott, divestment, or sanctions activity targeting Israel described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.033 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3203 May 25, 2016 
in section 1282 of the Combating BDS Act of 2016.’’. 
SA 4173. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. STANDARDIZATION OF AMOUNTS RE-CEIVABLE BY DISABILITY RETIREES WITH LESS THAN 20 YEARS OF SERV-ICE UNDER COMBAT-RELATED SPE-CIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCUR-RENT RECEIPT OF RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DISABILITY COM-PENSATION. 
(a) S TANDARDIZATION OF SIMILAR PROVI-
SIONS .—Paragraph (2) of section 1414(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re- tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or ‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on July 1, 2017, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SA 4174. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF BOTH RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION FOR MILI-TARY RETIREES WITH SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES RATED 40 PERCENT DISABLING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 1414 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the following: ‘‘(A) During the period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2004, and ending on June 30, 2017, a service-connected disability or combination of service-connected disabilities that is rated as not less than 50 percent disabling by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(B) After June 30, 2017, a service-con-nected disability or combination of service- connected disabilities that is rated as not less than 40 percent disabling by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation rated 40 percent or higher: concurrent payment of retired pay and dis-ability compensation’’. (2) The item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation rated 40 percent or higher: concurrent payment of retired pay and dis-ability compensation.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on July 1, 2017, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. lll. COORDINATION OF SERVICE ELIGI-BILITY FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPE-CIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCUR-RENT RECEIPT. 
(a) A MENDMENT TOSTANDARDIZE SIMILAR  P
ROVISIONS .—Paragraph (2) of section 1414(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re- tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or ‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on July 1, 2017, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SA 4175. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF BOTH RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION FOR CER-TAIN MILITARY RETIREES WITH COMPENSABLE SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CONCURRENT RECEIPT AU-
THORITY TO RETIREES WITH SERVICE -CON-
NECTED DISABILITIES RATED LESS THAN 50 P
ERCENT .—Subsection (a) of section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2). (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: concurrent payment of re-tired pay and disability compensation’’. (2) The item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: con-current payment of retired pay and disability compensation.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on July 1, 2017, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. lll. COORDINATION OF SERVICE ELIGI-BILITY FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPE-CIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCUR-RENT RECEIPT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TOSTANDARDIZE SIMILAR  P
ROVISIONS .— (1) Q
UALIFIED RETIREES .—Subsection (a) of section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘a member or’’ and all that follows through ‘‘retiree’)’’ and inserting ‘‘a qualified retiree’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED RETIREES .—For purposes of this section, a qualified retiree, with respect to any month, is a member or former mem-ber of the uniformed services who— ‘‘(A) is entitled to retired pay (other than by reason of section 12731b of this title); and ‘‘(B) is also entitled for that month to vet-erans’ disability compensation.’’. (2) D
ISABILITY RETIREES .—Paragraph (2) of subsection (b) of section 1414 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re- tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or ‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on July 1, 2017, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SA 4176. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF BOTH RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION FOR MILI-TARY RETIREES WITH COMPEN-SABLE SERVICE-CONNECTED DIS-ABILITIES. 
(a) R ESTATEMENT OF CURRENT CONCURRENT  P
AYMENT AUTHORITY WITH EXTENSION OF  P
AYMENT AUTHORITY TO RETIREES WITHCOM-
PENSABLE SERVICE -CONNECTED DISABILITIES  R
ATED LESSTHAN 50 P ERCENT DISABLING .— Subsection (a) of section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) and subsection (b), a member or former member of the uniformed services who is entitled for any month to retired pay and who is also entitled for that month to veterans’ disability compensation for a serv-ice-connected disability or combination of service-connected disabilities that is com-pensable under the laws administered by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.034 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3204 May 25, 2016 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs (hereinafter in this section referred to as ‘qualified retiree’) is entitled to be paid both for that month without regard to sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38. ‘‘(2) O
NE-YEAR PHASE -IN FOR QUALIFIED RE -
TIREES WITH TOTAL DISABILITIES .—During the period beginning on January 1, 2004, and end-ing on December 31, 2004, payment of retired pay to a qualified retiree is subject to sub-section (c) if the qualified retiree is any of the following: ‘‘(A) A qualified retiree receiving veterans’ disability compensation for a disability rated as 100 percent disabling by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(B) A qualified retiree receiving veterans’ disability compensation at the rate payable for a disability rated as 100 percent disabling by reason of a determination of individual unemployability. ‘‘(3) 10-
YEAR PHASE -IN FOR QUALIFIED RETIR -
EES WITH DISABILITIES RATED 50 PERCENT DIS -
ABLING OR HIGHER .—During the period begin-ning on January 1, 2004, and ending on De-cember 31, 2013, payment of retired pay to a qualified retiree is subject to subsection (c) if the qualified retiree is entitled to vet-erans’ disability compensation for a service- connected disability or combination of serv-ice-connected disabilities that is rated not less than 50 percent disabling by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(4) 10-
YEAR PHASE -IN FOR QUALIFIED RETIR -
EES WITH COMPENSABLE DISABILITIES RATED  
LESS THAN 50 PERCENT DISABLING .—During the period beginning on January 1, 2017, and end-ing on December 31, 2026, payment of retired pay to a qualified retiree is subject to sub-section (d) if the qualified retiree is entitled to veterans’ disability compensation for a service-connected disability or combination of service-connected disabilities that is rated less than 50 percent disabling by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs but is compen-sable under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs.’’. (b) P
HASE -IN FOR QUALIFIED RETIREES WITH C
OMPENSABLE DISABILITIES RATED LESSTHAN 50 P
ERCENT DISABLING .—Such section is fur-ther amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) P
HASE -IN OF FULL CONCURRENT RE-
CEIPT FOR QUALIFIED RETIREES WITHCOMPEN -
SABLE DISABILITIES RATED LESSTHAN50 P ER-
CENT DISABLING .—During the period begin-ning on January 1, 2017, and ending on De-cember 31, 2026, retired pay payable to a qualified retiree that pursuant to subsection (a)(4) is subject to this subsection shall be determined as follows: ‘‘(1) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2017 .—For a month dur-ing 2017, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the amount (if any) of retired pay in excess of the current base-line offset, plus $100. ‘‘(2) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2018 .—For a month dur-ing 2018, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount specified in paragraph (1) for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 10 percent of the difference between (i) the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount specified in paragraph (1) for that member’s disability. ‘‘(3) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2019 .—For a month dur-ing 2019, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-graph (2) for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 20 percent of the difference between (i) the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (2) for that qualified retiree. ‘‘(4) CALENDAR YEAR 2020 .—For a month dur-ing 2020, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-graph (3) for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 30 percent of the difference between (i) the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (3) for that qualified retiree. ‘‘(5) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2021 .—For a month dur-ing 2021, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-graph (4) for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 40 percent of the difference between (i) the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (4) for that qualified retiree. ‘‘(6) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2022 .—For a month dur-ing 2022, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-graph (5) for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the difference between (i) the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (5) for that qualified retiree. ‘‘(7) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2023 .—For a month dur-ing 2023, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-graph (6) for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 60 percent of the difference between (i) the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (6) for that qualified retiree. ‘‘(8) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2024 .—For a month dur-ing 2024, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-graph (7) for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 70 percent of the difference between (i) the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (7) for that qualified retiree. ‘‘(9) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2025 .—For a month dur-ing 2025, the amount of retired pay payable to a qualified retiree is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-graph (8) for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 80 percent of the difference between (i) the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (8) for that qualified retiree. ‘‘(10) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2026 .—For a month during 2026, the amount of retired pay pay-able to a qualified retiree is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-graph (9) for that qualified retiree; and ‘‘(B) 90 percent of the difference between (i) the current baseline offset, and (ii) the amount determined under paragraph (9) for that qualified retiree. ‘‘(11) G
ENERAL LIMITATION .—Retired pay de-termined under this subsection for a quali-fied retiree, if greater than the amount of re-tired pay otherwise applicable to that quali-fied retiree, shall be reduced to the amount of retired pay otherwise applicable to that qualified retiree.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO PHASE -IN 
FOR QUALIFIED RETIREES WITHDISABILITIES  R
ATED 50 P ERCENT DISABLING OR HIGHER .— Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) in the subsection caption, by inserting ‘‘
FORQUALIFIED RETIREES WITHDISABILITIES  R
ATED 50 P ERCENT DISABLING OR HIGHER ’’ after ‘‘F
ULLCONCURRENT RECEIPT ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘the second sentence of sub-section (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: concurrent payment of re-tired pay and disability compensation’’. (2) The item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: con-current payment of retired pay and disability compensation.’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on De-cember 31, 2016, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. lll. COORDINATION OF SERVICE ELIGI-BILITY FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPE-CIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCUR-RENT RECEIPT. 
(a) A MENDMENT TOSTANDARDIZE SIMILAR  P
ROVISIONS .—Paragraph (2) of section 1414(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re- tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or ‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on July 1, 2017, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SA 4177. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVI, add the following: 
SEC. 2615. REPORT ON REPLACEMENT OF SECU-RITY FORCES AND COMMUNICA-TIONS TRAINING FACILITY AT FRANCES S. GABRESKI AIR NA-TIONAL GUARD BASE, NEW YORK. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The 106th Rescue Wing at Francis S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base, New York, provides combat search and rescue coverage for United States and allied forces. (2) The mission of 106th Rescue Wing is to provide worldwide Personnel Recovery, Com-bat Search and Rescue Capability, Expedi-tionary Combat Support, and Civil Search and Rescue Support to Federal and State en-tities. (3) The current security forces and commu-nications facility at Frances S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base, specifically building 250, has fire safety deficiencies and does not comply with anti-terrorism/force protection standards, creating hazardous conditions for members of the Armed Forces and requiring expeditious abatement. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.035 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3205 May 25, 2016 
the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth an assessment of the need to replace the security forces and commu-nications training facility at Frances S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base. 
SA 4178. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 590. INCLUSION ON THE VIETNAM VET-ERANS MEMORIAL WALL OF THE NAMES OF THE 74 MEMBERS OF THE CREW OF THE U.S.S. FRANK E. EVANS WHO PERISHED ON JUNE 3, 1969. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) On June 3, 1969, 74 sailors aboard the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans perished when their vessel was struck in the South China Sea during a Southeast Asia Treaty Organization exercise. The U.S.S. Frank E. Evans had been providing fire for combat operations in Vietnam prior to the exercise that resulted in this catastrophic accident and was sched-uled to return upon completion of the exer-cise. (2) The families of the lost 74 have been fighting for decades for their loved ones to receive the recognition they deserve. Excep-tions have been granted to inscribe names on the Vietnam Memorial Wall for other mem-bers of the Armed Forces who were killed outside of the designated combat zone, in-cluding in 1983 when President Reagan or-dered that 68 Marines who died on a flight outside of the combat zone be added to the Wall. Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus also expressed support for the inclusion of the 74 names of those lost on the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans in June 1969. (3) Those crewmembers aboard were essen-tial to United States military efforts in Viet-nam, and their presence in the South China Sea was directly related to their combat de-ployment. This heroism and sacrifice should not go unrecognized because of an arbitrary line on a map, as their combat-related serv-ice deserves comparable acknowledgment. The Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall is a symbolic beacon of reflection and healing for generations. It is a sanctuary of honor for our members of the Armed Forces and family alike. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the Re-quired Review of Vietnam Era Ships detail-ing the findings of the ship logs and oper-ational analysis of the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans. (c) A
PPROVAL OF INCLUSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of the Inte-rior, approve the inclusion on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall of the names of the 74 sailors of the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans who perished on June 3, 1969. 
SA 4179. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. V
ITTER , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle H insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 899C. INCLUSION OF WOMEN’S BUSINESS CENTERS AS APPROVED VENDORS UNDER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MENTOR-PROTE´GE´PROGRAM. 
Section 831(f)(6) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Pub-lic Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) women’s business centers described in section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656).’’. 
SA 4180. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. llll. CLARIFICATIONS REGARDING SCOPE OF EMPLOYMENT AND REEM-PLOYMENT RIGHTS OF MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) C LARIFICATION REGARDING DEFINITION  
OFRIGHTS AND BENEFITS .—Section 4303(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘The term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Any procedural protections or provi-sions set forth in this chapter shall also be considered a right or benefit subject to the protection of this chapter.’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING RELATION TO  O
THER LAW AND PLANS FOR AGREEMENTS .— Section 4302 of such title is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(c)(1) Pursuant to this section and the procedural rights afforded by subchapter III of this chapter, any agreement to arbitrate a claim under this chapter is unenforceable, unless all parties consent to arbitration after a complaint on the specific claim has been filed in court or with the Merit Systems Protection Board and all parties knowingly and voluntarily consent to have that par-ticular claim subjected to arbitration. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection, con-sent shall not be considered voluntary when a person is required to agree to arbitrate an action, complaint, or claim alleging a viola-tion of this chapter as a condition of future or continued employment, advancement in employment, or receipt of any right or ben-efit of employment.’’. 
SA 4181. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X of divi-sion A, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. RESTRICTIONS ON THE ESTABLISH-MENT OF NATIONAL MONUMENTS. 
Section 320301 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTIONS ON THE ESTABLISHMENT  
OFNATIONAL MONUMENTS IN MILITARY OPER-
ATIONS AREAS .—The President shall not es-tablish a national monument under this sec-tion on land that is located under the lateral boundaries of a military operations area (as the term is defined in section 1.1 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)), unless the proclamation in-cludes language that ensures that the estab-lishment of the national monument would not place any new limits on— ‘‘(1) any flight operations of military air-craft; ‘‘(2) the designation of a new unit of spe-cial use airspace; ‘‘(3) the use or establishment of military flight training routes; or ‘‘(4) air or ground access for— ‘‘(A) emergency response; ‘‘(B) electronic tracking and communica-tions; ‘‘(C) landing and drop zones; or ‘‘(D) readiness training by the Air Force, joint forces, and coalition forces, including training using motorized vehicles on- or off- road, in accordance with applicable inter-agency agreements.’’. 
SA 4182. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 314. INSTALLATION RENEWABLE ENERGY PROJECT DATABASE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a searchable database to uniformly report in-formation regarding installation renewable energy projects undertaken since 2010. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The database established under subsection (a) shall include, for each installation energy project— (1) the estimated project costs; (2) estimated power generation; (3) estimated total cost savings; (4) estimated payback period; (5) total project costs; (6) actual power generation; (7) actual cost savings to date; (8) current operational status; and (9) access to relevant business case docu-ments, including the economic viability as-sessment. (c) N
ON-DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN INFORMA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, withhold from inclusion in the database established under subsection (a) information pertaining to in-dividual projects if the Secretary determines that the disclosure of such information would jeopardize operational security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.035 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3206 May 25, 2016 
(2) R EQUIRED DISCLOSURE .—In the event the Secretary withholds information related to one or more renewable energy projects under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall include in the database— (A) a statement that information has been withheld; and (B) an aggregate amount for each of para-graphs (1), (2), (3), (5), (6), and (7) of sub-section (b) that includes amounts for all re-newable energy projects described under sub-section (a), including those with respect to which information has been withheld under paragraph (1) of this subsection. (d) U
PDATES .—The database established under subsection (a) shall be updated not less than quarterly. 
SA 4183. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1085. ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF FEDERAL FUNDING IN PUBLICATION OF RE-PORTS ON STUDIES FUNDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A CKNOWLEDGMENT .—Each report on a covered study that is submitted, issued, pub-lished, presented at a conference or meeting, or otherwise made available to the public shall clearly disclose, in the acknowledg-ment section of such report, the following: (1) The department, agency, element, or component of the Department of Defense that provided funding for the covered study. (2) The project or award number of the cov-ered study. (3) An estimate of the total cost of the cov-ered study. (b) C
OVERED STUDY DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered study’’ means any study that is carried out in whole or in part with Federal funds, regardless of by whom carried out. (1) To include a price tag estimating the cost to taxpayers on studies funded by the Department of Defense. 
SA 4184. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2804. USE OF PROJECT LABOR AGREEMENTS IN MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS AND MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING PROJECTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Section 2852 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments awarding a construction contract on behalf of the Government, in any solicitations, bid specifications, project agreements, or other controlling documents, shall not— ‘‘(A) require or prohibit bidders, offerors, contractors, or subcontractors to enter into or adhere to agreements with one or more labor organizations; and ‘‘(B) discriminate against or give pref-erence to bidders, offerors, contractors, or subcontractors based on their entering or re-fusing to enter into such an agreement. ‘‘(2) Nothing in this subsection shall pro-hibit a contractor or subcontractor from vol-untarily entering into such an agreement, as is protected by the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 151 et seq.).’’. (b) APPLICATION OF AMENDMENT .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply to construction contracts awarded be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4185. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 565. CONSOLIDATION OF FINANCIAL LIT-ERACY PROGRAMS AND TRAINING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan for the consolida-tion of the current financial literacy train-ing programs of the Department of Defense and the military departments for members of the Armed Forces into a single program of fi-nancial literacy training for members that— (1) eliminates duplication and costs in the provision of financial literacy training to members; and (2) ensures that members receive effective training in financial literacy in as few train-ing sessions as is necessary for the receipt of effective training. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of De-fense and the Secretaries of the military de-partments shall commence implementation of the plan required by subsection (a) 90 days after the date of the submittal of the plan as required by that subsection. 
SA 4186. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 212. 
SA 4187. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: SEC. 1097. CONSERVATION AND REHABILITATION OF NATURAL RESOURCES ON MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS. 
Section 101(a)(3)(A)(ii) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(a)(3)(A)(ii)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘, which activities shall be conducted in accordance with applicable laws (including regulations) of the State in which the instal-lation is located’’ after ‘‘nonconsumptive uses’’. 
SA 4188. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1085. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON PRO-GRAMS AND ACTIVITIES UNDER BUDGET FUNCTION 050 THAT DO NOT DIRECTLY IMPACT OR SUPPORT THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that identifies each program or activ-ity for which funds were provided under budget function 050 during fiscal year 2016 that did not have a direct impact on, or di-rectly support, the national defense of the United States. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include, for each program and activity identified in the report, the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the program or activ-ity. (2) The amount of funds provided under budget function 050 during fiscal year 2016 for the program or activity. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘direct impact’’, with respect to a program or activity and the national de-fense of the United States, means the pro-gram or activity had an immediate effect on the ability of the Armed Forces to be em-ployed to protect and advance national in-terests of the United States. (2) The term ‘‘direct support’’, with respect to a program or activity and the national de-fense of the United States, means the pro-gram or activity provided a service to one or more components of the United States Gov-ernment that was used to protect and ad-vance national interests of the United States, including members of the Armed Forces and weapon systems. 
SA 4189. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1085. REPORT ON MILITARY BANDS. 
Not later than December 1, 2016, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report, in un-classified form, on military bands. The re-port shall set forth the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.036 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3207 May 25, 2016 
(1) The current number and location of military bands, by Armed Force. (2) The cost of military bands (including costs of recruitment, training, facilities, and transportation) during fiscal year 2016. (3) The number of members of the Armed Forces assigned to military bands during fis-cal year 2016. (4) The history of reductions in military bands during the five fiscal years ending in fiscal year 2016. (5) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability of combining military bands at joint locations. 
SA 4190. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XV, add the following: 
SEC. 1523. REPROGRAMMING OF CERTAIN FUNDS FOR OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OP-ERATIONS. 
(a) R EPROGRAMMING REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a reprogram-ming or transfer request in the amount of $406,396,696 from unobligated funds in the Op-eration and Maintenance, Defense-wide, ac-count and available for the Office of Eco-nomic Adjustment, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, to construct, ren-ovate, repair, or expand elementary and sec-ondary public schools on military installa-tions in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools, to the Operation and Maintenance, Overseas Con-tingency Operations, account. (b) T
REATMENT OF REPROGRAMMING .—The transfer of an amount pursuant to subsection (a) shall not be deemed to increase the amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations by sec-tion 1505. 
SA 4191. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle J—Elimination, Neutralization, and Disruption of Wildlife Trafficking 
SECTION 1099A. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Eliminate, Neutralize, and Dis-rupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1099B. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) CO-CHAIRS OF THE TASK FORCE .—The term ‘‘Co-Chairs of the Task Force’’ means the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Attorney General, as estab-lished pursuant to Executive Order 13648. (3) C
OMMUNITY CONSERVATION .—The term ‘‘community conservation’’ means an ap-proach to conservation that recognizes the rights of local people to sustainably manage, or benefit directly and indirectly from wild-life and other natural resources and in-cludes— (A) devolving management and governance to local communities to create positive con-ditions for sustainable resource use; and (B) building the capacity of communities for conservation and natural resource man-agement. (4) C
OUNTRY OF CONCERN .—The term ‘‘coun-try of concern’’ refers to a foreign country specially designated by the Secretary of State pursuant to subsection (b) of section 1099I as a major source of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, a major transit point of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, or a major consumer of wildlife trafficking products, in which the govern-ment has actively engaged in or knowingly profited from the trafficking of endangered or threatened species. (5) F
OCUS COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘focus coun-try’’ refers to a foreign country determined by the Secretary of State to be a major source of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, a major transit point of wildlife trafficking products or their deriva-tives, or a major consumer of wildlife traf-ficking products. (6) D
EFENSE ARTICLE ; DEFENSE SERVICE ; SIG-
NIFICANT MILITARY EQUIPMENT ; TRAINING .— The terms ‘‘defense article’’, ‘‘defense serv-ice’’, ‘‘significant military equipment’’, and ‘‘training’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 47 of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). (7) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—The term ‘‘Im-plementation Plan’’ means the Implementa-tion Plan for the National Strategy for Com-bating Wildlife Trafficking released on Feb-ruary 11, 2015, a modification of that plan, or a successor plan. (8) N
ATIONAL STRATEGY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Strategy’’ means the National Strat-egy for Combating Wildlife Trafficking pub-lished on February 11, 2014, a modification of that strategy, or a successor strategy. (9) N
ATIONAL WILDLIFE SERVICES .—The term ‘‘national wildlife services’’ refers to the ministries and government bodies designated to manage matters pertaining to wildlife management, including poaching or traf-ficking, in a focus country. (10) S
ECURITY FORCE .—The term ‘‘security force’’ means a military, law enforcement, gendarmerie, park ranger, or any other secu-rity force with a responsibility for pro-tecting wildlife and natural habitats. (11) T
ASK FORCE .—The term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Presidential Task Force on Wild-life Trafficking, as established by Executive Order 13648 (78 Fed. Reg. 40621) and modified by section 201. (12) W
ILDLIFE TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘wildlife trafficking’’ refers to the poaching or other illegal taking of protected or man-aged species and the illegal trade in wildlife and their related parts and products. PART I—PURPOSES AND POLICY 
SEC. 1099E. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this subtitle are— (1) to support a collaborative, interagency approach to address wildlife trafficking; (2) to protect and conserve the remaining populations of wild elephants, rhinoceroses, and other species threatened by poaching and the illegal wildlife trade; (3) to disrupt regional and global transnational organized criminal networks and to prevent the illegal wildlife trade from being used as a source of financing for crimi-nal groups that undermine United States and global security interests; (4) to prevent wildlife poaching and traf-ficking from being a means to make a living in focus countries; (5) to support the efforts of, and collabo-rate with, individuals, communities, local organizations, and foreign governments to combat poaching and wildlife trafficking; (6) to assist focus countries in implementa-tion of national wildlife anti-trafficking and poaching laws; and (7) to ensure that United States assistance to prevent and suppress illicit wildlife traf-ficking is carefully planned and coordinated, and that it is systematically and rationally prioritized on the basis of detailed analysis of the nature and severity of threats to wild-life and the willingness and ability of foreign partners to cooperate effectively toward these ends. SEC. 1099F. STATEMENT OF UNITED STATES POL-ICY. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to take immediate actions to stop the illegal global trade in wildlife and wildlife products and associated transnational orga-nized crime; (2) to provide technical and other forms of assistance to help focus countries halt the poaching of elephants, rhinoceroses, and other imperiled species and end the illegal trade in wildlife and wildlife products, in-cluding by providing training and assistance in— (A) wildlife protection and management of wildlife populations; (B) anti-poaching and effective manage-ment of protected areas including commu-nity managed and privately-owned lands; (C) local engagement of security forces in anti-poaching responsibilities, where appro-priate; (D) wildlife trafficking investigative tech-niques, including forensic tools; (E) transparency and corruption issues; (F) management, tracking, and inventory of confiscated wildlife contraband; (G) demand reduction strategies in coun-tries that lack the means and resources to conduct them; and (H) bilateral and multilateral agreements and cooperation; (3) to employ appropriate assets and re-sources of the United States Government in a coordinated manner to curtail poaching and disrupt and dismantle illegal wildlife trade networks and the financing of those networks in a manner appropriate for each focus country; (4) to build upon the National Strategy and Implementation Plan to further combat wildlife trafficking in a holistic manner and guide the response of the United States Gov-ernment to ensure progress in the fight against wildlife trafficking; and (5) to recognize the ties of wildlife traf-ficking to broader forms of transnational or-ganized criminal activities, including traf-ficking, and where applicable, to focus on those crimes in a coordinated, cross-cutting manner. PART II—REPORT ON MAJOR WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING COUNTRIES 
SEC. 1099I. REPORT. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the In-terior and the Secretary of Commerce, shall submit to Congress a report that lists each country determined by the Secretary of State to be a focus country within the mean-ing of this subtitle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.037 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3208 May 25, 2016 
(b) S PECIAL DESIGNATION .—In each report required under subsection (a), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Com-merce, shall identify each country listed in the report that also constitutes a country of concern (as defined in section 1099B(4)) . (c) S
UNSET .—This section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. PART III—FRAMEWORK FOR INTERAGENCY RESPONSE 
SEC. 1099L. PRESIDENTIAL TASK FORCE ON WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—In addition to the functions required by Executive Order 13648 (78 Fed. Reg. 40621), the Task Force shall be informed by the Secretary of State’s annual report required under section 1099I and con-sidering all available information, ensure that relevant United States Government agencies— (1) collaborate, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, with the national wildlife services, or other relevant bodies of each focus coun-try to prepare, not later than 90 days after the date of submission of the report required under section 1099I(a), a United States mis-sion assessment of the threats to wildlife in that focus country and an assessment of the capacity of that country to address wildlife trafficking; (2) collaborate, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, with relevant ministries, national wildlife services, or other relevant bodies of each focus country to prepare, not later than 180 days after preparation of the assessment referred to in paragraph (1), a United States mission strategic plan that includes rec-ommendations for addressing wildlife traf-ficking, taking into account any regional or national strategies for addressing wildlife trafficking in a focus country developed be-fore the preparation of such assessment; (3) coordinate efforts among United States Federal agencies and non-Federal partners, including missions, domestic and inter-national organizations, the private sector, and other global partners, to implement the strategic plans required by paragraph (2) in each focus country; (4) not less frequently than annually, con-sult and coordinate with stakeholders quali-fied to provide advice, assistance, and infor-mation regarding effective support for anti- poaching activities, coordination of regional law enforcement efforts, development of and support for effective legal enforcement mechanisms, and development of strategies to reduce illicit trade and reduce consumer demand for illegally traded wildlife and wild-life products, and other relevant topics under this subtitle; and (5) coordinate or carry out other functions as are necessary to implement this subtitle. (b) D
UPLICATION AND EFFICIENCY .—The Task Force shall— (1) ensure that the activities of the Federal agencies involved in carrying out efforts under this subtitle are coordinated and not duplicated; and (2) encourage efficiencies and coordination among the efforts of Federal agencies and interagency initiatives ongoing as of the date of the enactment of this Act to address trafficking activities, including trafficking of wildlife, humans, weapons, and narcotics, illegal trade, transnational organized crime, or other illegal activities. (c) C
ONSISTENCY WITHAGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—The Task Force shall carry out its re-sponsibilities under this subtitle in a manner consistent with the authorities and respon-sibilities of agencies represented on the Task Force. (d) T
ASK FORCE STRATEGIC REVIEW .—One year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Task Force shall submit a strategic assessment of its work and provide a briefing to the appro-priate congressional committees that shall include— (1) a review and assessment of the Task Force’s implementation of this subtitle, identifying successes, failures, and gaps in its work, or that of agencies represented on the Task Force, including detailed descrip-tions of— (A) what approaches, initiatives, or pro-grams have succeeded best in increasing the willingness and capacity of focus countries to suppress and prevent illegal wildlife traf-ficking, and what approaches, initiatives, or programs have not succeeded as well as hoped; and (B) which foreign governments subject to subsections (a) and (b) of section 1099I have proven to be the most successful partners in suppressing and preventing illegal wildlife trafficking, which focus countries have not proven to be so, and what factors contrib-uted to these results in each country dis-cussed; (2) a description of each Task Force mem-ber agency’s priorities and objectives for combating wildlife trafficking; (3) an account of total United States fund-ing each year since fiscal year 2014 for all government agencies and programs involved in countering poaching and wildlife traf-ficking; (4) an account of total United States fund-ing since fiscal year 2014 to support the ac-tivities of the Task Force, including admin-istrative overhead costs and congressional reporting; and (5) recommendations for how to improve United States and international efforts to suppress and prevent illegal wildlife traf-ficking in the future, based upon the Task Force’s experience as of the time of the re-view. (e) TERMINATION OF TASKFORCE .—The stat- utory authorization for the Task Force pro-vided by this subtitle shall terminate 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act or such earlier date that the President ter-minates the Task Force by rescinding, super-seding, or otherwise modifying relevant por-tions of Executive Order 13648. PART IV—PROGRAMS TO ADDRESS THE ESCALATING WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING CRISIS 
SEC. 1099O. ANTI-POACHING PROGRAMS. 
(a) W ILDLIFE LAWENFORCEMENT PROFES -
SIONAL TRAINING AND COORDINATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Secretary of State and the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, in collaboration with the heads of other relevant United States agencies and nongovernmental part-ners where appropriate, may provide assist-ance to focus countries to carry out the rec-ommendations made in the strategic plan re-quired by section 1099L(a)(2), among other goals, to improve the effectiveness of wildlife law enforcement in regions and countries that have demonstrated capacity, willing-ness, and need for assistance. (b) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE SECURITY AS-
SISTANCE TO COUNTER WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING  
ANDPOACHING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President is author-ized to provide defense articles, defense serv-ices, and related training to security forces of focus countries for the purpose of coun-tering wildlife trafficking and poaching where appropriate. (2) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Assistance provided under paragraph (1) may include intelligence and surveillance assets, communications and electronic equipment, mobility assets, night vision and thermal imaging devices, and or-ganizational clothing and individual equip-ment, pursuant to the applicable provision of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) or the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.). (B) LIMITATION .—Assistance provided under paragraph (1) may not include significant military equipment. (3) S
PECIAL RULE .—Assistance provided under paragraph (1) shall be in addition to any other assistance provided to the coun-tries under any other provision of law. (4) P
ROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—No assistance may be provided under subsection (b) to a unit of a security force if the President determines that the unit has been found to engage in wildlife trafficking or poaching. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply with respect to a unit of a security force of a country if the President determines that the government of the country is taking effective steps to hold the unit accountable and prevent the unit from engaging in trafficking and poaching. (5) C
ERTIFICATION .—With respect to any as-sistance provided pursuant to this sub-section, the Secretary of State shall certify to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that such assistance is necessary for the purposes of combating wildlife trafficking. (6) N
OTIFICATION .—Consistent with the re-quirements of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) and the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.), the Secretary of State shall notify the ap-propriate congressional committees regard-ing defense articles, defense services, and re-lated training provided under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1099P. ANTI-TRAFFICKING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NVESTIGATIVE CAPACITY BUILDING .— The Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, in collaboration with the heads of other relevant United States agencies and communities, regions, and gov-ernments in focus countries, may design and implement programs in focus countries to carry out the recommendations made in the strategic plan required under section 1099L(a)(2) among other goals, with clear and measurable targets and indicators of success, to increase the capacity of wildlife law en-forcement and customs and border security officers in focus countries. (b) T
RANSNATIONAL PROGRAMS .—The Sec- retary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, in collaboration with other rel-evant United States agencies, nongovern-mental partners, and international bodies, and in collaboration with communities, re-gions, and governments in focus countries, may design and implement programs, includ-ing support for Wildlife Enforcement Net-works, in focus countries to carry out the recommendations made in the strategic plan required under section 1099L(a)(2), among other goals, to better understand and combat the transnational trade in illegal wildlife. 
SEC. 1099Q. ENGAGEMENT OF UNITED STATES DIPLOMATIC MISSIONS. 
As soon as practicable but not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, each chief of mission to a focus country should begin to implement the recommenda-tions contained in the strategic plan re-quired under section 1099L(a)(2), among other goals, for the country. 
SEC. 1099R. COMMUNITY CONSERVATION. 
The Secretary of State, in collaboration with the United State Agency for Inter-national Development, heads of other rel-evant United States agencies, the private sector, nongovernmental organizations, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.044 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3209 May 25, 2016 
other development partners, may provide support in focus countries to carry out the recommendations made in the strategic plan required under section 1099L(a)(2) as such recommendations relate to the development, scaling, and replication of community wild-life conservancies and community conserva-tion programs in focus countries to assist with rural stability and greater security for people and wildlife, empower and support communities to manage or benefit from their wildlife resources sustainably, and re-duce the threat of poaching and trafficking, including through— (1) promoting conservation-based enter-prises and incentives, such as eco-tourism and sustainable agricultural production, that empower communities to manage wild-life, natural resources, and community ven-tures where appropriate, by ensuring they benefit from well-managed wildlife popu-lations; (2) helping create alternative livelihoods to poaching by mitigating wildlife trafficking, helping support rural stability, greater secu-rity for people and wildlife, sustainable eco-nomic development, and economic incentives to conserve wildlife populations; (3) engaging regional businesses and the private sector to develop goods and services to aid in anti-poaching and anti-trafficking measures; (4) working with communities to develop secure and safe methods of sharing informa-tion with enforcement officials; (5) providing technical assistance to sup-port sustainable land use plans to improve the economic, environmental, and social out-comes in community-owned or -managed lands; (6) supporting community anti-poaching efforts, including policing and informant networks; (7) working with community and national governments to develop relevant policy and regulatory frameworks to enable and pro-mote community conservation programs, in-cluding supporting law enforcement engage-ment with wildlife protection authorities to promote information-sharing; and (8) working with national governments to ensure that communities have timely and ef-fective support from national authorities to mitigate risks that communities may face when engaging in anti-poaching and anti- trafficking activities. PART V—TRANSITION OF OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY FUNDING TO BASE FUNDING 
SEC. 1099U. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FUNDING. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent and Congress should provide for an ap-propriate and responsible transition for fund-ing designated for overseas contingency op-erations to traditional and regular annual appropriations, including emergency supple-mental funding, as appropriate. PART VI—OTHER ACTIONS RELATING TO WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING PROGRAMS 
SEC. 1099X. AMENDMENTS TO FISHERMAN’S PRO-TECTIVE ACT OF 1967. 
Section 8 of the Fisherman’s Protective Act of 1967 (22 U.S.C. 1978) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Commerce’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of the Interior’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘, as appropriate,’’; (D) by redesigning paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of the Interior shall each report to Congress each certification to the President made by such Secretary under this sub-section, within 15 days after making such certification.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘in con-sultation with the Secretary of State,’’ after ‘‘as the case may be,’’. SA 4192. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2804. PROHIBITION ON USE OF MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FUNDS FOR UNUTI-LIZED OVERSEAS MILITARY INSTAL-LATIONS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2017 may be made avail-able for a construction project at a military installation located outside the United States that has been identified by the Spe-cial Inspector General for Afghanistan Re-construction (SIGAR) as having a zero utili-zation rate or being completely unutilized. 
SA 4193. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ALTERNATIVE OR RENEWABLE EN-ERGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or ex-pended by the Secretary of Defense— (1) to purchase energy from alternative sources unless such energy is equivalent to conventional energy in terms of cost and ca-pabilities; or (2) to carry out any provision of law that requires the Department of Defense— (A) to consume renewable energy, unless such energy is equivalent to conventional energy in terms of cost and capabilities; or (B) to reduce the overall amount of energy consumed by the Department. (b) C
ALCULATION .—For purposes of sub-section (a), the cost of an energy source shall be calculated on a pre-tax basis in terms of life cycle cost. 
SA 4194. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 601 and insert the following: 
SEC. 601. FISCAL YEAR 2017 INCREASE IN MILI-TARY BASIC PAY. 
(a) W AIVER OF SECTION 1009 A DJUSTMENT .— The adjustment to become effective during fiscal year 2017 required by section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized members of the uniformed services shall not be made. (b) I
NCREASE IN BASIC PAY.—Effective on January 1, 2017, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services are increased by 2.1 percent. (c) F
UNDING .— (1) I
NCREASE IN AMOUNT FOR MILITARY PER -
SONNEL .—The amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2017 by section 421 is hereby increased by the amount necessary to provide an increase in military basic pay under subsection (b) by 2.1 percent rather than 1.6 percent, with the amount to be available for military personnel to provide such increase. (2) O
FFSET .—The aggregate amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 by this division, other than the amount authorize to be appropriated by section 421, is hereby reduced by the amount necessary to provide an increase in military basic pay under subsection (b) by 2.1 percent rather than 1.6 percent, with the amount of the re-duction to be achieved by terminating fund-ing for projects determined to be low-pri-ority projects by the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
SA 4195. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 128. TICONDEROGA-CLASS GUIDED MISSILE CRUISER REPLACEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Chief of Naval Operations shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on any elements under subsection (b) regarding the TICONDEROGA-class guid-ed missile cruiser replacement that were not covered in the studies of fleet platform ar-chitectures directed in section 1067 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 991). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The elements referred to in subsection (a) are as follows: (1) Shipbuilding or other modernization op-tions to meet or exceed the air defense com-mander capabilities of TICONDEROGA-class guided missile cruisers, such that there is no loss in capability as TICONDEROGA-class guided missile cruisers decommission. (2) Options to alter the physical dimen-sions of Mark 41 vertical launching system cells to accommodate different weapons, as compared to the TICONDEROGA-class cruis-ers. (3) Options to maintain or expand the num-ber of vertical launching system cells avail-able in the fleet, as TICONDEROGA-class cruisers decommission. (4) Options to allow the Navy to reload vertical launching system cells at sea. (5) Description of findings from the studies of fleet platform architectures that were in-corporated in the budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.044 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3210 May 25, 2016 
SA 4196. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON INTEGRA-TION OF ELECTROMAGNETIC RAILGUN INTO NAVY FLEET OF LARGE SURFACE COMBATANTS. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the Navy should expedite the deployment and integra-tion of the electromagnetic railgun into the fleet of large surface combatants. 
SA 4197. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1031. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF INDI-VIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA, TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES OR ENTITIES IN THE WESTERN HEMISPHERE. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—An individual detained at Guantanamo may not be transferred to a for-eign country or a foreign entity in the West-ern Hemisphere. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The prohibition in sub-section (a) in connection with the transfer of an individual detained at Guantanamo is in addition to any other requirement or limita-tion on the transfer by law. (c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo’’ means an individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of Octo-ber 1, 2009, who— (1) is not a national of the United States (as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)) or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
SA 4198. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: SEC. 1031. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF INDI-VIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA, TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES OR ENTITIES WITHOUT ASSESSMENT THAT INDIVIDUALS WILL POSE NO RISK TO MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL OF THE UNITED STATES OVERSEAS AFTER TRANSFER. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—An individual detained at Guantanamo may not be transferred to a for-eign country or a foreign entity unless the Director of National Intelligence, the Direc-tor of the Central Intelligence Agency, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation unanimously agree that the indi-vidual after transfer will pose no risk to members of the Armed Forces or civilian personnel of the United States Government overseas. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The prohibition in sub-section (a) in connection with the transfer of an individual detained at Guantanamo is in addition to any other requirement or limita-tion on the transfer by law. (c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo’’ means an individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of Octo-ber 1, 2009, who— (1) is not a national of the United States (as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)) or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
SA 4199. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1031. PROHIBITION ON RELINQUISHMENT OR ABANDONMENT OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
No action may be taken to modify, abro-gate, or replace the stipulations, agree-ments, and commitments contained in the Guantanamo Lease Agreements, or to impair or abandon the jurisdiction and control of the United States over United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, unless spe-cifically authorized or otherwise provided for by one of the following: (1) An Act that is enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) A treaty that is ratified by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. (3) A modification of the Treaty Between the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, DC, on May 29, 1934, that is ratified by and with the advice and consent of the Senateo. 
SA 4200. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1655. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS RELAT-ING TO REDUCING THE ALERTNESS LEVEL OR NUMBER OF INTERCONTI-NENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or ex-pended to reduce, or to prepare to reduce— (1) the responsiveness or alert level of the intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States; or (2) the number of deployed interconti-nental ballistic missiles of the United States to a number that is less than 400. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to— (1) activities relating to— (A) the maintenance or sustainment of intercontinental ballistic missiles; or (B) ensuring the safety, security, or reli-ability of intercontinental ballistic missiles; or (2) reductions in the number of deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles that are carried out to comply with limitations im-posed under— (A) the Treaty on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Of-fensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and en-tered into force on February 5, 2011, between the United States and the Russian Federa-tion (commonly known as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’); or (B) any Act authorizing appropriations for the military activities of the Department of Defense or for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy that is enacted before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4201. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS ON INDI-VIDUALS WHO WERE COMPLICIT IN VIOLATIONS OF THE GENEVA CON-VENTION OR THE RIGHT UNDER INTERNATIONAL LAW TO CONDUCT INNOCENT PASSAGE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that includes— (A) a determination with respect to wheth-er, during or after the incident that began on January 12, 2016, in which forces of Iran boarded two United States Navy riverine combat vessels and detained at gunpoint the crews of those vessels, any of the actions of the forces of Iran constituted a violation of— (i) the Geneva Convention; or (ii) the right under international law to conduct innocent passage; and (B) a certification with respect to whether or not Federal funds, including the $1,700,000,000 payment that was announced by the Secretary of State on January 17, 2016, were paid to Iran, directly or indirectly, to effect the release of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.045 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3211 May 25, 2016 
(i) the members of the United States Navy who were detained in the incident described in subparagraph (A); or (ii) other United States citizens, including Jason Rezaian, Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari, and Matthew Trevithick, the release of whom was announced on January 16, 2016. (2) A
CTIONS TO BE ASSESSED .—In assessing actions of the forces of Iran under paragraph (1)(A), the President shall consider, at a min-imum, the following actions: (A) The stopping, boarding, search, and sei-zure of the two United States Navy riverine combat vessels in the incident described in paragraph (1)(A). (B) The removal from their vessels and de-tention of members of the United States Armed Forces in that incident. (C) The theft or confiscation of electronic navigational equipment or any other equip-ment from the vessels. (D) The forcing of one or more members of the United States Armed Forces to apologize for their actions. (E) The display, videotaping, or photographing of members of the United States Armed Forces and the subsequent broadcasting or other use of those photo-graphs or videos. (F) The forcing of female members of the United States Armed Forces to wear head coverings. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIONS .—In the case of each action that the President determines under paragraph (1)(A) is a violation of the Geneva Convention or the right under inter-national law to conduct innocent passage, the President shall include in the report re-quired by that paragraph a description of the action and an explanation of how the action violated the Geneva Convention or the right to conduct innocent passage, as the case may be. (4) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (b) L
IST OF CERTAIN PERSONS WHOHAVE B
EENCOMPLICIT IN VIOLATIONS OF THE GENE-
VACONVENTION OR THE RIGHT TO CONDUCT IN-
NOCENT PASSAGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the submission of the report required by subsection (a), if the President has deter-mined that one or more actions of the forces of Iran constituted a violation of the Geneva Convention or the right under international law to conduct innocent passage, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a list of persons who are officials of the Government of Iran or were acting on behalf of that Government that, based on credible evidence, are responsible for or complicit in, or responsible for order-ing, controlling, or otherwise directing, any such violation. (2) U
PDATES OF LIST .—The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an updated list under paragraph (1) as new information becomes available. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—To the maximum extent practicable, the list required by para-graph (1) shall be made available to the pub-lic and posted on publicly accessible Internet websites of the Department of Defense and the Department of State. (c) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall im-pose the sanctions described in paragraph (2) with respect to each person on the list re-quired by subsection (b). (2) S
ANCTIONS .— (A) P
ROHIBITION ON ENTRY AND ADMISSION  
TO THE UNITED STATES .—An alien on the list required by subsection (b) may not— (i) be admitted to, enter, or transit through the United States; (ii) receive any lawful immigration status in the United States under the immigration laws; or (iii) file any application or petition to ob-tain such admission, entry, or status. (B) BLOCKING OF PROPERTY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, pur-suant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a per-son on the list required by subsection (b) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (ii) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  
GOODS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property under clause (i) shall not include the authority to impose sanctions on the importation of goods. (II) G
OOD.—In this subparagraph, the term ‘‘good’’ has the meaning given that term in section 16 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (iii) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of clause (i) or any regula-tion, license, or order issued to carry out clause (i) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same ex-tent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that sec-tion. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN ; IMMIGRATION LAWS .— The terms ‘‘admitted’’, ‘‘alien’’, and ‘‘immi-gration laws’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (3) F
ORCES OF IRAN .—The term ‘‘forces of Iran’’ means the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, members of other military or paramilitary units of the Government of Iran, and other agents of that Government. (4) G
ENEVA CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘Gene-va Convention’’ means the Convention rel-ative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, done at Geneva on August 12, 1949 (6 UST 3316) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Geneva Convention (III))’’. (5) I
NNOCENT PASSAGE .—The term ‘‘inno-cent passage’’ means the principle under cus-tomary international law that all vessels have the right to conduct innocent passage through another country’s territorial waters for the purpose of continuous and expedi-tious traversing. (6) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
SA 4202. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. WARNER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. B ENNET ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 926. ESTABLISHMENT OF A UNIFIED COM-BATANT COMMAND FOR CYBER OP-ERATIONS FORCES. 
With the advice and assistance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the President shall, through the Secretary of De-fense, establish a unified combatant com-mand for cyber operations forces. The prin-cipal function of the command is to prepare cyber operations forces to carry out assigned missions. 
SA 4203. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1004. REPORT ON PLAN OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TO OBTAIN AN AUDIT WITH UNQUALIFIED OPINION ON THE GENERAL FUND STATEMENT OF ITS BUDGETARY RESOURCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Section 9 of Article I of the Constitu-tion of the United States requires all agen-cies of the Federal Government, including the Department of Defense, to publish ‘‘a regular statement and account of the re-ceipts and expenditures of all public money’’. (2) Section 3515 of title 31, United States Code, requires the agencies of the Federal Government, including the Department of Defense, to present auditable financial state-ments beginning not later than March 1, 1997. The Department has not complied with this law. (3) The Federal Financial Management Im-provement Act of 1996 (31 U.S.C. 3512 note) requires financial systems acquired by the Federal Government, including the Depart-ment of Defense, to be able to provide infor-mation to leaders to manage and control the cost of Government. The Department has not complied with this law. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a plan to obtain an audit with unqualified opinion on the general fund statement of the budgetary resources of the Department of Defense. (2) P
LAN ELEMENTS .—The plan required pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An intent to present auditable finan-cial statements of the Department. (B) The date, not later than September 1, 2017, on which the Department shall be ready to obtain an audit with unqualified opinion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.038 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3212 May 25, 2016 
on the general fund statement of its budg-etary resources. (C) A description the matters that cur-rently impede the ability of the Department to be ready as described in subparagraph (B). (D) A strategy to address and resolve such matters. 
SA 4204. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B
URR, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. U
DALL , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. L ANKFORD , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. V ITTER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. S ESSIONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 662. 
SA 4205. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO SIGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDERMINING CYBERSECURITY CONDUCTED ON BEHALF OF OR AT THE DIRECTION OF THE GOVERN-MENT OF IRAN. 
(a) C YBERSECURITY REPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on significant activities under-mining cybersecurity conducted by persons on behalf of or at the direction of the Gov-ernment of Iran (including members of para-military organizations such as Ansar-e- Hezbollah and Basij-e Mostaz’afin) against the Government of the United States or any United States person. (2) I
NFORMATION .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) The identity of persons that have knowingly facilitated, participated or as-sisted in, engaged in, directed, or provided material support for significant activities undermining cybersecurity described in paragraph (1). (B) A description of the conduct engaged in by each person identified under subpara-graph (A). (C) An assessment of the extent to which the Government of Iran or another foreign government directed, facilitated, or provided material support in the conduct of signifi-cant activities undermining cybersecurity described in paragraph (1). (D) A strategy to counter efforts by per-sons to conduct significant activities under-mining cybersecurity described in paragraph (1), including efforts to engage foreign gov-ernments to halt the capability of persons to conduct those activities described in para-graph (1). (3) FORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF PERSONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the President shall include on the specially designated nationals and blocked persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury— (A) any person identified under subsection (a)(2)(A); and (B) any person for which the Department of Justice has issued an indictment in con-nection with significant activities under-mining cybersecurity against the Govern-ment of the United States or any United States person. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The President is not re-quired to include a person described in para-graph (1)(A) or (1)(B) on the specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees an explanation of the reasons for not including that person on that list. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The President shall use authority provided in Executive Order 13694 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of persons certain persons engaging in significant malicious cyber-en-abled activities) to impose sanctions against any person included on the specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury pursuant to subsection (b). (d) P
RESIDENTIAL BRIEFINGS TO CON-
GRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and peri-odically thereafter, the President shall pro-vide a briefing to the appropriate congres-sional committees on efforts to implement this section. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. (2) S
IGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDERMINING CY -
BERSECURITY .—The term ‘‘significant activi-ties undermining cybersecurity’’ includes— (A) significant efforts to— (i) deny access to or degrade, disrupt, or destroy an information and communications technology system or network; or (ii) exfiltrate information from such a sys-tem or network without authorization; (B) significant destructive malware at-tacks; (C) significant denial of service activities; and (D) such other significant activities as may be described in regulations prescribed to im-plement this section. (3) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity; or (C) any government entity in the United States, whether Federal, State, or local. SA 4206. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 423, strike lines 16 and 17 and in-sert the following: (a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), not later than 90 days after submitting the report required by subsection (d), or one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, whichever occurs first, the Secretary of Defense On page 425, strike lines 10 through 18 and insert the following: (5) The Secretary shall ensure that any covered beneficiary who may be affected by modifications, reductions, or eliminations implemented under this section will be able to receive through the purchased care com-ponent of the TRICARE program any med-ical services that will not be available to such covered beneficiary at a military treat-ment facility as a result of such modifica-tions, reductions, or eliminations. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary is not re-quired to implement measures under sub-section (a) with respect to overseas military health care facilities in a country if the Sec-retary determines that medical services in addition to the medical services described in subsection (b)(2) are necessary to ensure that covered beneficiaries located in that country have access to a similar level of care avail-able to covered beneficiaries located in the United States. (d) R
EPORT ON MODIFICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the modifications to medical services, mili-tary treatment facilities, and personnel in the military health system to be imple-mented pursuant to subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) A description of the medical services and associated personnel capacities nec-essary for the military medical force readi-ness of the Department of Defense. (B) A comprehensive plan to modify the personnel and infrastructure of the military health system to exclusively provide medical services necessary for the military medical force readiness of the Department of De-fense, including the following: (i) A description of the planned changes or reductions in medical services provided by the military health system. (ii) A description of the planned changes or reductions in staffing of military personnel, civilian personnel, and contractor personnel within the military health system. (iii) A description of the personnel man-agement authorities through which changes or reductions described in clauses (i) and (ii) will be made. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.039 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3213 May 25, 2016 
(iv) A description of the planned changes to the infrastructure of the military health system. (v) An estimated timeline for completion of the changes or reductions described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iv) and other key mile-stones for implementation of such changes or reductions. (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— On page 428, between lines 15 and 16, insert the following: (3) The terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 4207. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 740. AUTHORITY TO EXPEDITE OPER-ATIONAL CAPABILITY OF MILITARY MEDICAL FACILITIES. 
The Secretary of a military department may accept a military medical facility under the jurisdiction of such Secretary and begin initial operational testing prior to the facil-ity reaching full operational capability if such Secretary determines that— (1) initial operational testing— (A) does not pose a direct threat to the life and safety of individuals at the facility; (B) would not degrade the quality of health care services provided at the facility or the ability of health care providers at the facil-ity to provide high-quality health care serv-ices; and (C) will support the readiness of members of the Armed Forces as advised by the com-manding general of the military installation at which the facility is located; and (2) the completion of remaining objectives with respect to the facility reaching full operational capability will not be negatively impacted by beginning initial operational testing. 
SA 4208. Mrs. CAPITO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. CLARIFICATION THAT VOCATIONAL AND OTHER TRAINING SERVICES AND ASSISTANCE FOR VETERANS IN-CLUDES PARTICIPATION IN AGRI-CULTURAL TRAINING PROGRAMS. 
Section 3104(a)(7) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B) Vocational and other training services and assistance under subparagraph (A) may include participation in an agricultural training program authorized by a State leg-islature or certified by a State approving agency.’’. SA 4209. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 709. PROVISION OF CARE PLANNING SES-SIONS FOR ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AND RELATED DEMENTIAS UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide to a covered beneficiary diag-nosed with Alzheimer’s disease or a related dementia a care planning session conducted by an appropriate health care provider as de-termined by the Secretary. (b) C
AREPLANNING SESSION .—A care plan-ning session provided to a covered bene-ficiary under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An explanation of the disease or demen-tia for which the care planning session is sought, including the expected progression of the disease or dementia. (2) The creation of a patient-centered com-prehensive care plan, as determined appro-priate by the Secretary. (3) Information regarding treatment op-tions. (4) A discussion of resources and services available to the covered beneficiary in the community that may reduce health risks and promote self-management of the disease or dementia for which the care planning ses-sion is sought. (5) Such other information as the Sec-retary determines appropriate. (c) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—The Secretary shall seek input from physicians, practi-tioners, and other stakeholders regarding the structure of care planning sessions pro-vided under subsection (a), as determined ap-propriate by the Secretary. (d) C
OVERED BENEFICIARY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 4210. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1138. ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Administrative Leave Act of 2016’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) agency use of administrative leave, and leave that is referred to incorrectly as ad-ministrative leave in agency recording prac-tices, has exceeded reasonable amounts— (A) in contravention of— (i) established precedent of the Comp-troller General of the United States; and (ii) guidance provided by the Office of Per-sonnel Management; and (B) resulting in significant cost to the Fed-eral Government; (2) administrative leave should be used sparingly; (3) prior to the use of paid leave to address personnel issues, an agency should consider other actions, including— (A) temporary reassignment; (B) transfer; and (C) telework; (4) an agency should prioritize and expedi-tiously conclude an investigation in which an employee is placed in administrative leave so that, not later than the conclusion of the leave period— (A) the employee is returned to duty sta-tus; or (B) an appropriate personnel action is taken with respect to the employee; (5) data show that there are too many ex-amples of employees placed in administra-tive leave for 6 months or longer, leaving the employees without any available recourse to— (A) return to duty status; or (B) challenge the decision of the agency; (6) an agency should ensure accurate and consistent recording of the use of adminis-trative leave so that administrative leave can be managed and overseen effectively; and (7) other forms of excused absence author-ized by law should be recorded separately from administrative leave, as defined by the amendments made by this section. (c) ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6329a. Administrative leave ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘administrative leave’ means leave— ‘‘(A) without loss of or reduction in— ‘‘(i) pay; ‘‘(ii) leave to which an employee is other-wise entitled under law; or ‘‘(iii) credit for time or service; and ‘‘(B) that is not authorized under any other provision of law; ‘‘(2) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) means an Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of this title); and ‘‘(B) does not include the Government Ac-countability Office; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘employee’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2105; and ‘‘(B) does not include an intermittent em-ployee who does not have an established reg-ular tour of duty during the administrative workweek. ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An agency may place an employee in administrative leave for a pe-riod of not more than 5 consecutive days. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to limit the use of leave that is— ‘‘(A) specifically authorized under law; and ‘‘(B) not administrative leave. ‘‘(3) R
ECORDS .—An agency shall record ad-ministrative leave separately from leave au-thorized under any other provision of law. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) OPM 
REGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— ‘‘(A) prescribe regulations to carry out this section; and ‘‘(B) prescribe regulations that provide guidance to agencies regarding— ‘‘(i) acceptable agency uses of administra-tive leave; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.039 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3214 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(ii) the proper recording of— ‘‘(I) administrative leave; and ‘‘(II) other leave authorized by law. ‘‘(2) A
GENCY ACTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Director of the Office of Personnel Management prescribes regulations under paragraph (1), each agency shall revise and implement the internal poli-cies of the agency to meet the requirements of this section. ‘‘(d) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Notwith- standing subsection (a) of section 7421 of title 38, this section shall apply to an em-ployee described in subsection (b) of that section.’’. (2) OPM 
STUDY .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, in consultation with Federal agencies, groups representing Federal employees, and other relevant stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a re-port identifying agency practices, as of the date of enactment of this Act, of placing an employee in administrative leave for more than 5 consecutive days when the placement was not specifically authorized by law. (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 6329 the following: ‘‘6329a. Administrative leave.’’. (d) I
NVESTIGATIVE LEAVE AND NOTICE  L
EAVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6329b. Investigative leave and notice leave ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) means an Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of this title); and ‘‘(B) does not include the Government Ac-countability Office; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Chief Human Capital Officer’ means— ‘‘(A) the Chief Human Capital Officer of an agency designated or appointed under sec-tion 1401; or ‘‘(B) the equivalent; ‘‘(3) the term ‘committees of jurisdiction’, with respect to an agency, means each com-mittee in the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives with jurisdiction over the agen-cy; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(5) the term ‘employee’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2105; and ‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) an intermittent employee who does not have an established regular tour of duty during the administrative workweek; or ‘‘(ii) the Inspector General of an agency; ‘‘(6) the term ‘investigative leave’ means leave— ‘‘(A) without loss of or reduction in— ‘‘(i) pay; ‘‘(ii) leave to which an employee is other-wise entitled under law; or ‘‘(iii) credit for time or service; ‘‘(B) that is not authorized under any other provision of law; and ‘‘(C) in which an employee who is the sub-ject of an investigation is placed; ‘‘(7) the term ‘notice leave’ means leave— ‘‘(A) without loss of or reduction in— ‘‘(i) pay; ‘‘(ii) leave to which an employee is other-wise entitled under law; or ‘‘(iii) credit for time or service; ‘‘(B) that is not authorized under any other provision of law; and ‘‘(C) in which an employee who is in a no-tice period is placed; and ‘‘(8) the term ‘notice period’ means a pe-riod beginning on the date on which an em-ployee is provided notice required under law of a proposed adverse action against the em-ployee and ending on the date on which an agency may take the adverse action. ‘‘(b) LEAVE FOR EMPLOYEES UNDER INVES -
TIGATION OR IN A NOTICE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—An agency may, in ac-cordance with paragraph (2), place an em-ployee in— ‘‘(A) investigative leave if the employee is the subject of an investigation; ‘‘(B) notice leave if the employee is in a notice period; or ‘‘(C) notice leave following a placement in investigative leave if, not later than the day after the last day of the period of investiga-tive leave— ‘‘(i) the agency proposes or initiates an ad-verse action against the employee; and ‘‘(ii) the agency determines that the em-ployee continues to meet 1 or more of the criteria described in subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An agency may place an employee in leave under paragraph (1) only if the agency has— ‘‘(A) made a determination with respect to the employee under subsection (c)(1); ‘‘(B) considered the available options for the employee under subsection (c)(2); and ‘‘(C) determined that none of the available options under subsection (c)(2) is appro-priate. ‘‘(c) E
MPLOYEES UNDER INVESTIGATION OR IN  
ANOTICE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) D
ETERMINATIONS .—An agency may not place an employee in investigative leave or notice leave under subsection (b) unless the continued presence of the employee in the workplace during an investigation of the em-ployee or while the employee is in a notice period, if applicable, may— ‘‘(A) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(B) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(C) result in loss of or damage to Govern-ment property; or ‘‘(D) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABLE OPTIONS FOR EMPLOYEES  
UNDER INVESTIGATION OR IN A NOTICE PE -
RIOD.—After making a determination under paragraph (1) with respect to an employee, and before placing an employee in investiga-tive leave or notice leave under subsection (b), an agency shall consider taking 1 or more of the following actions: ‘‘(A) Assigning the employee to duties in which the employee is no longer a threat to— ‘‘(i) safety; ‘‘(ii) the mission of the agency; ‘‘(iii) Government property; or ‘‘(iv) evidence relevant to an investigation. ‘‘(B) Allowing the employee to take leave for which the employee is eligible. ‘‘(C) Requiring the employee to telework under section 6502(c). ‘‘(D) If the employee is absent from duty without approved leave, carrying the em-ployee in absence without leave status. ‘‘(E) For an employee subject to a notice period, curtailing the notice period if there is reasonable cause to believe the employee has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed. ‘‘(3) D
URATION OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
NVESTIGATIVE LEAVE .—Subject to ex-tensions of a period of investigative leave for which an employee may be eligible under subsections (d) and (e), the initial placement of an employee in investigative leave shall be for a period not longer than 10 days. ‘‘(B) NOTICE LEAVE .—Placement of an em-ployee in notice leave shall be for a period not longer than the duration of the notice period. ‘‘(4) E
XPLANATION OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If an agency places an employee in leave under subsection (b), the agency shall provide the employee a written explanation of the leave placement and the reasons for the leave placement. ‘‘(B) E
XPLANATION .—The written notice under subparagraph (A) shall describe the limitations of the leave placement, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) the applicable limitations under para-graph (3); and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a placement in inves-tigative leave, an explanation that, at the conclusion of the period of leave, the agency shall take an action under paragraph (5). ‘‘(5) A
GENCY ACTION .—Not later than the day after the last day of a period of inves-tigative leave for an employee under sub-section (b)(1), an agency shall— ‘‘(A) return the employee to regular duty status; ‘‘(B) take 1 or more of the actions author-ized under paragraph (2), meaning— ‘‘(i) assigning the employee to duties in which the employee is no longer a threat to— ‘‘(I) safety; ‘‘(II) the mission of the agency; ‘‘(III) Government property; or ‘‘(IV) evidence relevant to an investiga-tion; ‘‘(ii) allowing the employee to take leave for which the employee is eligible; ‘‘(iii) requiring the employee to telework under section 6502(c); ‘‘(iv) if the employee is absent from duty without approved leave, carrying the em-ployee in absence without leave status; or ‘‘(v) for an employee subject to a notice pe-riod, curtailing the notice period if there is reasonable cause to believe the employee has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed; ‘‘(C) propose or initiate an adverse action against the employee as provided under law; or ‘‘(D) extend the period of investigative leave under subsections (d) and (e). ‘‘(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (5) shall be construed to prevent the continued investigation of an employee, except that the placement of an employee in investigative leave may not be extended for that purpose except as provided in sub-sections (d) and (e). ‘‘(d) I
NITIAL EXTENSION OF INVESTIGATIVE  L
EAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (4), if the Chief Human Capital Officer of an agency, or the designee of the Chief Human Capital Officer, approves such an extension after consulting with the investigator re-sponsible for conducting the investigation to which an employee is subject, the agency may extend the period of investigative leave for the employee under subsection (b) for not more than 30 days. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF EXTENSIONS .—The total period of additional investigative leave for an employee under paragraph (1) may not exceed 110 days. ‘‘(3) D
ESIGNATION GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Chief Human Capital Offi-cers Council shall issue guidance to ensure that if the Chief Human Capital Officer of an agency delegates the authority to approve an extension under paragraph (1) to a designee, the designee is at a sufficiently high level within the agency to make an impartial and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.041 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3215 May 25, 2016 
independent determination regarding the ex-tension. ‘‘(4) E
XTENSIONS FOR OIG EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPROVAL .—In the case of an em-ployee of an Office of Inspector General— ‘‘(i) the Inspector General or the designee of the Inspector General, rather than the Chief Human Capital Officer or the designee of the Chief Human Capital Officer, shall ap-prove an extension of a period of investiga-tive leave for the employee under paragraph (1); or ‘‘(ii) at the request of the Inspector Gen-eral, the head of the agency within which the Office of Inspector General is located shall designate an official of the agency to ap-prove an extension of a period of investiga-tive leave for the employee under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Council of the Inspectors General on Integ-rity and Efficiency shall issue guidance to ensure that if the Inspector General or the head of an agency, at the request of the In-spector General, delegates the authority to approve an extension under subparagraph (A) to a designee, the designee is at a suffi-ciently high level within the Office of Inspec-tor General or the agency, as applicable, to make an impartial and independent deter-mination regarding the extension. ‘‘(e) F
URTHER EXTENSION OF INVESTIGATIVE  L
EAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After reaching the limit under subsection (d)(2), an agency may fur-ther extend a period of investigative leave for an employee for a period of not more than 60 days if, before the further extension begins, the head of the agency or, in the case of an employee of an Office of Inspector Gen-eral, the Inspector General submits a notifi-cation that includes the reasons for the fur-ther extension to the— ‘‘(A) committees of jurisdiction; ‘‘(B) Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(2) N
O LIMIT .—There shall be no limit on the number of further extensions that an agency may grant to an employee under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) OPM 
REVIEW .—An agency shall request from the Director, and include with the noti-fication required under paragraph (1), the opinion of the Director— ‘‘(A) with respect to whether to grant a further extension under this subsection, in-cluding the reasons for that opinion; and ‘‘(B) which shall not be binding on the agency. ‘‘(4) S
UNSET .—The authority provided under this subsection shall expire on the date that is 6 years after the date of enact-ment of this section. ‘‘(f) C
ONSULTATION GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, in con-sultation with the Attorney General and the Special Counsel, shall issue guidance on best practices for consultation between an inves-tigator and an agency on the need to place an employee in investigative leave during an investigation of the employee, including dur-ing a criminal investigation, because the continued presence of the employee in the workplace during the investigation may— ‘‘(1) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(2) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(3) result in loss of or damage to Govern-ment property; or ‘‘(4) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests. ‘‘(g) R
EPORTING AND RECORDS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—An agency shall keep a record of the placement of an employee in investigative leave or notice leave by the agency, including— ‘‘(A) the basis for the determination made under subsection (c)(1); ‘‘(B) an explanation of why an action under subsection (c)(2) was not appropriate; ‘‘(C) the length of the period of leave; ‘‘(D) the amount of salary paid to the em-ployee during the period of leave; ‘‘(E) the reasons for authorizing the leave, including, if applicable, the recommendation made by an investigator under subsection (d)(1); and ‘‘(F) the action taken by the agency at the end of the period of leave, including, if appli-cable, the granting of any extension of a pe-riod of investigative leave under subsection (d) or (e). ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF RECORDS .—An agency shall make a record kept under paragraph (1) available— ‘‘(A) to any committee of Congress, upon request; ‘‘(B) to the Office of Personnel Manage-ment; and ‘‘(C) as otherwise required by law, includ-ing for the purposes of the Administrative Leave Act of 2016 and the amendments made by that Act. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) OPM 
ACTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including guidance to agencies regarding— ‘‘(A) acceptable purposes for the use of— ‘‘(i) investigative leave; and ‘‘(ii) notice leave; ‘‘(B) the proper recording of— ‘‘(i) the leave categories described in sub-paragraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) other leave authorized by law; ‘‘(C) baseline factors that an agency shall consider when making a determination that the continued presence of an employee in the workplace may— ‘‘(i) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(ii) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(iii) result in loss or damage to Govern-ment property; or ‘‘(iv) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests; and ‘‘(D) procedures and criteria for the ap-proval of an extension of a period of inves-tigative leave under subsection (d) or (e). ‘‘(2) A
GENCY ACTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Director pre-scribes regulations under paragraph (1), each agency shall revise and implement the inter-nal policies of the agency to meet the re-quirements of this section. ‘‘(i) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Notwith- standing subsection (a) of section 7421 of title 38, this section shall apply to an em-ployee described in subsection (b) of that section.’’. (2) P
ERSONNEL ACTION .—Section 2302(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in clause (xi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (xii) as clause (xiii); and (C) by inserting after clause (xi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(xii) a determination made by an agency under section 6329b(c)(1) that the continued presence of an employee in the workplace during an investigation of the employee or while the employee is in a notice period, if applicable, may— ‘‘(I) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(II) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(III) result in loss of or damage to Gov-ernment property; or ‘‘(IV) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests; and’’. (3) GAO REPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives on the results of an evaluation of the implementation of the authority pro-vided under sections 6329a and 6329b of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (c)(1) and paragraph (1) of this subsection, re-spectively, including— (A) an assessment of agency use of the au-thority provided under subsection (e) of such section 6329b, including data regarding— (i) the number and length of extensions granted under that subsection; and (ii) the number of times that the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, under paragraph (3) of that subsection— (I) concurred with the decision of an agen-cy to grant an extension; and (II) did not concur with the decision of an agency to grant an extension, including the bases for those opinions of the Director; (B) recommendations to Congress, as ap-propriate, on the need for extensions beyond the extensions authorized under subsection (d) of such section 6329b; and (C) a review of the practice of agency placement of an employee in investigative or notice leave under subsection (b) of such sec-tion 6329b because of a determination under subsection (c)(1)(D) of that section that the employee jeopardized legitimate Govern-ment interests, including the extent to which such determinations were supported by evidence. (4) T
ELEWORK .—Section 6502 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED TELEWORK .—If an agency de-termines under section 6329b(c)(1) that the continued presence of an employee in the workplace during an investigation of the em-ployee or while the employee is in a notice period, if applicable, may pose 1 or more of the threats described in that section and the employee is eligible to telework under sub-sections (a) and (b) of this section, the agen-cy may require the employee to telework for the duration of the investigation or the no-tice period, if applicable.’’. (5) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 6329a, as added by this section, the following: ‘‘6329b. Investigative leave and notice leave.’’. (e) L
EAVE FOR WEATHER AND SAFETY  I
SSUES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6329c. Weather and safety leave ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) means an Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of this title); and ‘‘(B) does not include the Government Ac-countability Office; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘employee’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2105; and ‘‘(B) does not include an intermittent em-ployee who does not have an established reg-ular tour of duty during the administrative workweek. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.041 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3216 May 25, 2016 
‘‘(b) L EAVE FOR WEATHER AND SAFETY  I
SSUES .—An agency may approve the provi-sion of leave under this section to an em-ployee or a group of employees without loss of or reduction in the pay of the employee or employees, leave to which the employee or employees are otherwise entitled, or credit to the employee or employees for time or service only if the employee or group of em-ployees is prevented from safely traveling to or performing work at an approved location due to— ‘‘(1) an act of God; ‘‘(2) a terrorist attack; or ‘‘(3) another condition that prevents the employee or group of employees from safely traveling to or performing work at an ap-proved location. ‘‘(c) R
ECORDS .—An agency shall record leave provided under this section separately from leave authorized under any other provi-sion of law. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including— ‘‘(1) guidance to agencies regarding the ap-propriate purposes for providing leave under this section; and ‘‘(2) the proper recording of leave provided under this section. ‘‘(e) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Notwith- standing subsection (a) of section 7421 of title 38, this section shall apply to an em-ployee described in subsection (b) of that section.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 6329b, as added by this section, the following: ‘‘6329c. Weather and safety leave.’’. (f) A
DDITIONAL OVERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment shall complete a review of agency poli-cies to determine whether agencies have complied with the requirements of this sec-tion and the amendments made by this sec-tion. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days after completing the review under para-graph (1), the Director shall submit to Con-gress a report evaluating the results of the review. 
SA 4211. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 673. CREDIT PROTECTIONS FOR SERVICEMEMBERS. 
(a) A CTIVE DUTYFREEZE ALERTS .—Section 605A of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681c–1) is amended— (1) in the heading for such section, by striking ‘‘
AND ACTIVE DUTY ALERTS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘, 
ACTIVE DUTY ALERTS , AND ACTIVE  
DUTY FREEZE ALERTS ’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (d) through (h) as subsections (e) through (i), re-spectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) ACTIVE DUTY FREEZE ALERTS .—Upon the direct request of an active duty military consumer, or an individual acting on behalf of or as a personal representative of an ac-tive duty military consumer, a consumer re-porting agency described in section 603(p) that maintains a file on the active duty mili-tary consumer and has received appropriate proof of the identity of the requester, at no cost to the active duty military consumer while the consumer is deployed, shall— ‘‘(1) include an active duty freeze alert in the file of that active duty military con-sumer or such longer period as the Bureau shall determine, by regulation, beginning on the date of the request, unless the active duty military consumer or such representa-tive requests that such freeze alert be re-moved before the end of such period, and the agency has received appropriate proof of the identity of the requester for such purpose; ‘‘(2) during the 2-year period beginning on the date of such request, exclude the active duty military consumer from any list of con-sumers prepared by the consumer reporting agency and provided to any third party to offer credit or insurance to the consumer as part of a transaction that was not initiated by the consumer, unless the consumer re-quests that such exclusion be rescinded be-fore the end of such period; and ‘‘(3) refer the information regarding the ac-tive duty freeze alert to each of the other consumer reporting agencies described in section 603(p), in accordance with procedures developed under section 621(f).’’; (4) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘extended, and active duty alerts’’ and inserting ‘‘extended, active duty, and active duty freeze alerts’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘extended, or active duty alerts’’ and inserting ‘‘extended, active duty, or active duty freeze alerts’’; (5) in subsection (f), as so redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or active duty alert’’ and in-serting ‘‘active duty alert, or active duty freeze alert’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (d), in the case of a referral under subsection (d)(3).’’; (6) in subsection (g), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘or active duty alert’’ and inserting ‘‘active duty alert, or active duty freeze alert’’; and (7) in subsection (i), as so redesignated, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ACTIVE DUTY  
FREEZE ALERTS .— ‘‘(A) N
OTIFICATION .—Each active duty freeze alert under this section shall include information that notifies all prospective users of a consumer report on the consumer to which the freeze alert relates that the consumer does not authorize the establish-ment of any new credit plan or extension of credit, including any credit under an open- end credit plan (as defined in section 103(i)), in the name of the consumer, or issuance of an additional card on an existing credit ac-count requested by a consumer, or any in-crease in credit limit on an existing credit account requested by a consumer. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON USERS .—No prospec-tive user of a consumer report that includes an active duty freeze alert in accordance with this section may establish a new credit plan or extension of credit, including any credit under an open-end credit plan (as de-fined in section 103(i)), in the name of the consumer, or issue an additional card on an existing credit account requested by a con-sumer, or grant any increase in credit limit on an existing credit account requested by a consumer.’’. (b) RULEMAKING .—The Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall prescribe regula-tions to define what constitutes appropriate proof of identity for purposes of section 605A(d) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by subsection (a). (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 603(q)(2) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a(q)(2)) is amended— (1) in the heading for such paragraph, by striking ‘‘
ACTIVE DUTY ALERT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
ACTIVE DUTY ALERT ; ACTIVE DUTY FREEZE  
ALERT ’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and ‘active duty freeze alert’’’ before ‘‘mean’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act, and any amendment made by this Act, shall take ef-fect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 4212. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 597. DEFERRAL OF STUDENTS LOANS FOR CERTAIN PERIOD IN CONNECTION WITH RECEIPT OF ORDERS FOR MO-BILIZATION FOR WAR OR NATIONAL EMERGENCY. 
(a) F EDERAL FAMILY EDUCATION LOANS .— Section 428(b)(1)(M) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(b)(1)(M)) is amend-ed— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘, during any period’’; (2) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘during which’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period during which’’; (3) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘during which’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period during which’’; (4) in clause (iii)— (A) by striking ‘‘during which’’ and insert-ing ‘‘during any period during which’’; and (B) in the matter following subclause (II), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (5) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (vi); (6) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) in the case of any borrower who has received a call or order to duty described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (iii), during the shorter of— ‘‘(I) the period beginning on the date such call or order to duty is received by the bor-rower and ending on the first day of the serv-ice described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (iii); and ‘‘(II) the 180-day period preceding the first day of such service; ‘‘(v) notwithstanding clause (iv)— ‘‘(I) in the case of any borrower described in such clause whose call or order to duty is cancelled before the first day of the service described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (iii) because of a personal injury in connec-tion with training to prepare for such serv-ice, during the period described in clause (iv) and during an additional period equal to the duration of such service, as specified by or otherwise determined in the original call or order to duty; and ‘‘(II) in the case of any borrower whose call or order to duty is cancelled before the first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.041 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3217 May 25, 2016 
day of such service for a reason other than an injury described in subclause (I), during the period beginning on the date the call or order to duty is received by the borrower and ending on the date that is 14 days after such call or order to duty is cancelled; and’’; and (7) in clause (vi) (as redesignated by para-graph (5)), by striking ‘‘not in excess’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period not in excess’’. (b) D
IRECT LOANS .—Section 455(f)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(f)(2)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘during any period’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘dur-ing which’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period during which’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘not in excess’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period not in excess’’; (4) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘during which’’ and inserting ‘‘dur-ing any period during which’’; and (B) in the matter following clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (5) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (F); (6) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) in the case of any borrower who has received a call or order to duty described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (C), during the shorter of— ‘‘(i) the period beginning on the date such call or order to duty is received by the bor-rower and ending on the first day of the serv-ice described in clause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (C); and ‘‘(ii) the 180-day period preceding the first day of such service; ‘‘(E) notwithstanding subparagraph (D)— ‘‘(i) in the case of any borrower described in such subparagraph whose call or order to duty is cancelled before the first day of the service described in clause (i) or (ii) of sub-paragraph (C) because of a personal injury in connection with training to prepare for such service, during the period described in sub-paragraph (D) and during an additional pe-riod equal to the duration of such service, as specified by or otherwise determined in the original call or order to duty; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of any borrower whose call or order to duty is cancelled before the first day of such service for a reason other than an injury described in clause (i), during the period beginning on the date the call or order to duty is received by the borrower and ending on the date that is 14 days after such call or order to duty is cancelled; and’’; and (7) in subparagraph (F) (as redesignated by paragraph (5)), by striking ‘‘not in excess’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period not in ex-cess’’. (c) P
ERKINS LOANS .—Section 464(c)(2)(A) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087dd(c)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘during any period’’; (2) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘during which’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period during which’’; (3) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘not in ex-cess’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period not in excess’’; (4) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘during which’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period during which’’; (5) by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (vi) and (vii), respectively; (6) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) in the case of any borrower who has received a call or order to duty described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (iii), during the shorter of— ‘‘(I) the period beginning on the date such call or order to duty is received by the bor-rower and ending on the first day of the serv-ice described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (iii); and ‘‘(II) the 180-day period preceding the first day of such service; ‘‘(v) notwithstanding clause (iv)— ‘‘(I) in the case of any borrower described in such clause whose call or order to duty is cancelled before the first day of the service described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (iii) because of a personal injury in connec-tion with training to prepare for such serv-ice, during the period described in clause (iv) and during an additional period equal to the duration of such service, as specified by or otherwise determined in the original call or order to duty; and ‘‘(II) in the case of any borrower whose call or order to duty is cancelled before the first day of such service for a reason other than an injury described in subclause (I), during the period beginning on the date the call or order to duty is received by the borrower and ending on the date that is 14 days after such call or order to duty is cancelled;’’; (7) in clause (vi) (as redesignated by para-graph (5)), by striking ‘‘not in excess’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period not in excess’’; and (8) in clause (vii) (as redesignated by para-graph (5)), by striking ‘‘during which’’ and inserting ‘‘during any period during which’’. (d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendments made by this section shall be construed to authorize any refunding of any repayment of a loan. (e) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to all loans made, insured, or guaranteed under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.). (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.) is further amended— (1) in section 428B(d)(1)(A)(ii) (20 U.S.C. 1078–2(d)(1)(A)(ii)), by striking ‘‘428(b)(1)(M)(i)(I)’’ and inserting ‘‘or clause (i)(I), (iv), or (v) of section 428(b)(1)(M)’’; and (2) in section 493D(a) (20 U.S.C. 1098f(a)), by striking ‘‘section 428(b)(1)(M)(iii), 455(f)(2)(C), or 464(c)(2)(A)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (iii) or (iv) of section 428(b)(1)(M), subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 455(f)(2), or clause (iii) or (iv) of section 464(c)(2)(A)’’. 
SA 4213. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 709. PILOT PROGRAM ON EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR READJUSTMENT COUNSELING FROM DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO INCLUDE MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RE-SERVE OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall commence a three-year pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of furnishing counseling under section 1712A(a) of title 38, United States Code, to any mem-ber of the Selected Reserve of the Armed Forces who has a behavioral health condi-tion or psychological trauma. (b) COMPREHENSIVE INDIVIDUAL ASSESS -
MENT .—Counseling furnished under the pilot program may include a comprehensive indi-vidual assessment under section 1712A(a)(1)(B)(i) of such title. (c) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The Secretary shall ensure that the confidentiality of individuals furnished counseling under the pilot program is protected to the same extent as the con-fidentiality of individuals furnished coun-seling under section 1712A(a) of such title. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, submit to Congress a report on the findings of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with respect to the pilot program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the individuals who benefitted from counseling under the pilot program. (B) A description of any impediments to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in fur-nishing counseling under the pilot program. (C) A description of any impediments en-countered by individuals in receiving coun-seling under the pilot program. (D) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of furnishing counseling under the pilot program to all members of the Se-lected Reserve of the Armed Forces who have behavioral health conditions or psycho-logical trauma. (E) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate with respect to the furnishing of counseling to such members. (e) V
ETCENTER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Vet Center’’ means a center for re-adjustment counseling and related mental health services for veterans under section 1712A of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 4214. Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V of divi-sion A, add the following: 
SEC. llll. IMPACT AID. 
Notwithstanding section 5(d) of the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1806), the amendment made by section 7004(1) of such Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 2077)— (1) for fiscal year 2016, shall— (A) be applied as if amending section 8003(a)(5)(A) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114– 95; 129 Stat. 1802); and (B) be in effect with respect to appropria-tions for use under title VIII of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Every Student Succeeds Act; and (2) for fiscal year 2017 and each succeeding fiscal year, shall be in effect with respect to appropriations for use under title VII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as amended by the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1802). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.042 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3218 May 25, 2016 
SA 4215. Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. llll. CREDITABLE SERVICE FOR FED-ERAL RETIREMENT FOR CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘annuity’’ includes a survivor annuity; and (2) the terms ‘‘survivor’’, ‘‘survivor annu-itant’’, and ‘‘unfunded liability’’ have the meanings given those terms under section 8331 of title 5, United States Code. (b) A
MENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 8332(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (17), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (C) by inserting after paragraph (17) the following: ‘‘(18) any period of service performed— ‘‘(A) not later than December 31, 1977; ‘‘(B) while a citizen of the United States; ‘‘(C) in the employ of— ‘‘(i) Air America, Inc.; or ‘‘(ii) any entity associated with, prede-cessor to, or subsidiary to Air America, Inc., including Air Asia Company Limited, CAT Incorporated, Civil Air Transport Company Limited, and the Pacific Division of South-ern Air Transport; and ‘‘(D) during the period that Air America, Inc. or such other entity described in sub-paragraph (C) was owned and controlled by the United States Government.’’; and (D) in the second undesignated paragraph following paragraph (18) (as added by sub-paragraph (C)), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘For purposes of this subchapter, service of the type described in paragraph (18) of this subsection shall be considered to have been service as an employee.’’. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM DEPOSIT REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 8334(g) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘ ; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) any period of service for which credit is allowed under section 8332(b)(18) of this title.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to annuities commencing on or after the ef-fective date of this section. (2) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO CURRENT ANNU -
ITANTS .— (A) E
LECTION .—Any individual who is enti-tled to an annuity for the month in which this section becomes effective may elect to have the amount of such annuity recom-puted as if the amendments made by this section had been in effect throughout all pe-riods of service on the basis of which the an-nuity is or may be based. (B) S
UBMISSION OF ELECTION .—An indi- vidual shall make an election under subpara-graph (A) by submitting an appropriate ap-plication to the Office of Personnel Manage-ment not later than 2 years after the effec-tive date of this section. (C) EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECOMPUTATION ; 
RETROACTIVE PAY AS LUMP -SUM PAYMENT .— (i) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—A recomputation under subparagraph (A) shall be effective as of the commencement date of the annuity. (ii) R
ETROACTIVE PAY AS LUMP -SUM PAY -
MENT .—Any additional amounts becoming payable, due to a recomputation under sub-paragraph (A), for periods before the first month for which the recomputation is re-flected in the regular monthly annuity pay-ments of an individual shall be payable to the individual in the form of a lump-sum payment. (3) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO INDIVIDUALS EL -
IGIBLE FOR (BUT NOT CURRENTLY RECEIVING) AN  
ANNUITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .— (i) E
LECTION .—An individual not described in paragraph (2) who becomes eligible for an annuity or an increased annuity as a result of the enactment of this section may elect to have the rights of the individual under sub-chapter III of chapter 83 of title 5, United States Code, determined as if the amend-ments made by this section had been in ef-fect throughout all periods of service on the basis of which the annuity is or would be based. (ii) S
UBMISSION OF ELECTION .—An indi- vidual shall make an election under clause (i) by submitting an appropriate application to the Office of Personnel Management not later than 2 years after the later of— (I) the effective date of this section; or (II) the date on which the individual sepa-rates from service. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF ENTITLEMENT ; 
RETROACTIVITY .— (i) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), any entitlement to an annuity or an increased annuity resulting from an election under subparagraph (A) shall be effective as of the commencement date of the annuity. (II) R
ETROACTIVE PAY AS LUMP -SUM PAY -
MENT .—Any amounts becoming payable for periods before the first month for which reg-ular monthly annuity payments begin to be made in accordance with the amendments made by this section shall be payable to the individual in the form of a lump-sum pay-ment. (ii) R
ETROACTIVITY .—Any determination of the amount, or of the commencement date, of any annuity, all the requirements for enti-tlement to which (including separation, but not including any application requirement) would have been satisfied before the effective date of this section if this section had been in effect (but would not then otherwise have been satisfied absent this section) shall be made as if application for the annuity had been submitted as of the earliest date that would have been allowable, after the date on which the individual separated from service, if the amendments made by this section had been in effect throughout the periods of serv-ice referred to in subparagraph (A)(i). (4) R
IGHT TO FILE ON BEHALF OF A DECE -
DENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The regulations promul-gated under subsection (e)(1) shall include provisions, in accordance with the order of precedence under section 8342(c) of title 5, United States Code, under which a survivor of an individual who performed service de-scribed in section 8332(b)(18) of such title (as added by subsection (b)(1)(C)) shall be al-lowed to submit an application on behalf of and to receive any lump-sum payment that would otherwise have been payable to the de-cedent under paragraph (2)(C)(ii) or (3)(B)(i)(II) of this subsection. (B) S
UBMISSION OF APPLICATION .—An appli- cation under this paragraph shall not be valid unless it is filed not later than the later of— (i) 2 years after the effective date of this section; or (ii) 1 year after the date of the decedent’s death. (d) FUNDING .— (1) L
UMP-SUM PAYMENTS .—Any lump-sum payment under paragraph (2)(C)(ii) or (3)(B)(i)(II) of subsection (c) shall be payable out of the Civil Service Retirement and Dis-ability Fund. (2) U
NFUNDED LIABILITY .—Any increase in the unfunded liability of the Civil Service Retirement System attributable to the en-actment of this section shall be financed in accordance with section 8348(f) of title 5, United States Code. (e) R
EGULATIONS AND SPECIAL RULE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall promulgate any regulations necessary to carry out this section, which shall include provisions under which rules similar to those established under the amendments made by section 201 of the Federal Employees’ Retirement Sys-tem Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–335; 100 Stat. 588) shall be applied with respect to any serv-ice described in section 8332(b)(18) of title 5, United States Code (as added by subsection (b)(1)(C)) that was subject to title II of the Social Security Act. (2) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of any ap-plication for any benefit which is computed or recomputed taking into account any serv-ice described in section 8332(b)(18) of title 5, United States Code (as added by subsection (b)(1)(C)), section 8345(i)(2) of such title shall be applied by deeming the reference to the date of the ‘‘other event which gives rise to title to the benefit’’ to refer to the effective date of this section, if later than the date of the event that would otherwise apply. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 4216. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 154. REPORT ON NORTHCOM JOINT URGENT OPERATIONS NEED FOR AESA RA-DARS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The United States Northern Command (NORTHCOM) requested a Joint Urgent Operational Need (JUON) in 2015 at the re-quest of the First Air Force for 72 F–16 air-craft equipped with active electronically scanned array (AESA) radars. (2) According to a June 2009 report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Fulfillment of Urgent Operational Needs, a JUON is ‘‘a need prioritized by a combatant commander and is defined as a need requir-ing a solution that, if left unfilled, could re-sult in the loss of life and/or prevent the suc-cessful completion of a near-term military mission’’. (3) According to Department of Defense In-struction 5000.02 ‘‘Operation of the Defense Acquisition System’’, the purpose of urgent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.043 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3219 May 25, 2016 
operational needs is ‘‘to deliver capability quickly, within days or months’’. (4) Furthermore, Department of Defense Instruction 5000.02 states that ‘‘DoD Compo-nents will use all available authorities to ex-peditiously fund, develop, assess, produce, deploy, and sustain these capabilities for the duration of the urgent need’’. (5) One of the criteria for selecting a rapid fielding such as JUON is that the capability can be fielded within 2 years. However, to date no AESA Radars have been fielded in support of this JUON. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of U.S. Northern Com-mand and the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth— (1) the status of the NORTHCOM JUON for 72 AESA radar-equipped F–16 aircraft; (2) when the Air Force expects to field all 72 radars; (3) what acquisition strategy the Depart-ment of Defense will use for the full buy; and (4) how NORTHCOM is addressing threats to the homeland and capability gaps in United States air combat alert in the ab-sence of F–16 aircraft equipped with AESA radars. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 4217. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K ING, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 145 and insert the following: 
SEC. 145. COMPASS CALL RE-HOST PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force is authorized to obligate and ex-pend fiscal year 2017 funds for the purpose of re-hosting the primary mission equipment of the current EC–130H Compass Call aircraft fleet on to a more operationally effective and survivable airborne platform to meet combatant commander requirements. This program may be implemented consistent with existing authorities, including Federal Acquisition Regulation Part 6.3 and Depart-ment of Defense Instruction 5000.02 ‘‘Oper-ation of the Defense Acquisition System’’. (b) F
UNDING ADJUSTMENTS .— (1) A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIR FORCE .— The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of De-fense by section 101 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities is hereby increased by $32,600,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to air-craft procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding tables in section 4101, and avail-able for the following procurement in the amounts specified: (A) EC–130H, Scope Increase, $103,000,000. (B) Compass Call Mods, Program Restruc-ture, a decrease in the amount of $70,400,000. (2) P
ROCUREMENT OF AIRCRAFT SPARES AND  
REPAIR PARTS , AIR FORCE .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 101 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities is hereby re-duced by $13,200,000, with the amount of the decrease to be allocated to aircraft spares and repair parts, Air Force, as specified in the funding tables in section 4101, and avail-able for Initial Spares/Repair Parts; Compass Call, Program Restructure. (3) PROCUREMENT OF AIRCRAFT SPARES AND  
REPAIR PARTS FOR OCO , AIR FORCE .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby reduced by $25,600,000, with the amount of the decrease to be allocated to aircraft spares and repair parts, Air Force, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for Initial Spares/Repair Parts; Compass Call, Program Restructure. (4) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND 
EVALUATION , AIR FORCE .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation is hereby increased by $37,100,000, with the amount of the increase to be allo-cated to operational systems development, as specified in the funding tables in section 4201, and available for Compass Call, Pro-gram Restructure. (5) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIR 
FORCE .—The amount authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the Depart-ment of Defense by section 301 for operation and maintenance is hereby reduced by $56,500,000, with the amount of such decrease to be allocated to operation and mainte-nance, Air Force operating forces for depot maintenance, as specified in the funding ta-bles in section 4301, and available for Com-pass Call, Program Restructure. (6) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OCO , 
AIR FORCE .—The amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2017 by section 1505 for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $25,600,000, with the amount of such increase to be allo-cated to operation and maintenance, Air Force operating forces, for overseas contin-gency operations, for depot maintenance, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for Compass Call, Pro-gram Restructure. 
SA 4218. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 147. ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR AIR FORCE HELICOPTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an acqui-sition strategy for replacement of the Air Force UH–1N helicopter program. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The acquisition strategy required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the separate and dis-tinct rotorcraft requirements among Air Force Global Strike Command, Air Force District of Washington, and other Major Command airlift missions; (2) a life-cycle cost analysis of mixed-fleet versus single-fleet acquisition of aircraft; and (3) consideration of the trade-offs between the capability and affordability of commer-cial derivative aircraft versus military pur-pose designed aircraft. SA 4219. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. T ESTER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. 1655. EXPEDITED DECISION WITH RESPECT TO SECURING LAND-BASED MISSILE FIELDS. 
To mitigate any risk posed to the nuclear forces of the United States by the failure to replace the UH–1N helicopter, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff— (1) decide if the land-based missile fields using UH–1N helicopters meet security re-quirements and if there are any shortfalls or gaps in meeting such requirements; (2) not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to Con-gress a report on the decision relating to a request for forces required by paragraph (1); and (3) not later than 60 days after such date of enactment, implement that decision, if the Chairman determines the implementation of the decision to be warranted to mitigate any risk posed to the nuclear forces of the United States. 
SA 4220. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. EXPANSION OF PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF VETERANS MEMORIAL OBJECTS WITHOUT SPECIFIC AU-THORIZATION BY LAW. 
Paragraph (3) of section 2572(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) The prohibition imposed by paragraph (1) does not apply to a transfer of a veterans memorial object that is specifically author-ized by law.’’. 
SA 4221. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.043 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3220 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 341. REIMBURSEMENT OF STATES FOR CER-TAIN FIRE SUPPRESSION SERVICES AS A RESULT OF FIRE CAUSED BY MILITARY TRAINING OR OTHER AC-TIONS OF THE ARMED FORCES OR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, upon application by a State, reimburse the State for the reasonable costs of the State for fire suppression services coordi-nated by the State as a result of a wildland fire caused by military training or other ac-tions of units or members of the Armed Forces in Federal status or employees of the Department of Defense on a military train-ing installation owned by the State. (2) S
ERVICES COVERED .—Services reimburs-able under this subsection shall be limited to services proximately related to the fire for which reimbursement is sought under this subsection. (3) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section shall apply to Department-owned military training installations. Nothing in this sec-tion shall affect existing memoranda of un-derstanding between Department-owned military training installations and local gov-ernments. Reimbursement may not be made under this section for any services for which a claim may be made under the Federal Tort Claims Act. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Each application of a State for reimbursement for costs under sub-section (a) shall set forth an itemized re-quest of the services covered by the applica-tion, including the costs of such services. (c) F
UNDS .—Reimbursements under sub-section (a) shall be made from amounts au-thorized to be appropriated for the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance. 
SA 4222. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 604. 
SA 4223. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1059. USE OF THE NATIONAL GUARD FOR SUPPORT OF CIVILIAN FIRE-FIGHTING ACTIVITIES. 
The Secretary of Defense may authorize members and units of the National Guard performing duty under section 328(b), 502(f), or 709(a) of title 32, United States Code, or on active duty under title 10, United States Code, to support firefighting operations, mis-sions, and activities, including aerial fire-fighting employment of the Mobile Airborne Firefighting System (MAFFS), undertaken in support of a request from the National Interagency Fire Center or another Federal agency. 
SA 4224. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. COLLABORATION BETWEEN FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION AND DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE ON UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS. 
(a) C OLLABORATION BETWEEN FEDERAL  A
VIATION ADMINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF  D
EFENSE REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense shall collaborate on de-veloping ground-based sense and avoid (GBSAA) and airborne sense and avoid (ABSAA) capabilities for unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The collaboration required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Sharing information and technology on safely integrating unmanned aircraft sys-tems and manned aircraft in the national airspace system. (B) Building upon Air Force and Depart-ment of Defense experience to inform the Federal Aviation Administration’s develop-ment of civil standards, policies, and proce-dures for integrating unmanned aircraft sys-tems in the national airspace system. (C) Assisting in the development of best practices for unmanned aircraft airworthi-ness certification, development of airborne and ground-based sense and avoid capabili-ties for unmanned aircraft systems, and re-search and development on unmanned air-craft systems, especially with respect to matters involving human factors, informa-tion assurance, and security. (b) P
ARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AVIATION  A
DMINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  A
CTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may participate and provide assistance for par-ticipation in test and evaluation efforts of the Department of Defense, including the Air Force, relating to ground-based sense and avoid and airborne sense and avoid capabili-ties for unmanned aircraft systems. (2) P
ARTICIPATION THROUGH CENTERS OF EX -
CELLENCE AND TEST SITES .—Participation under paragraph (1) may include provision of assistance through the Unmanned Aircraft Systems Center of Excellence and Unmanned Aircraft Systems Test Sites. (c) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). 
SA 4225. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-self, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. B OOKER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: SEC. 1097. MILITARY FAMILIES CREDIT REPORT-ING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Military Families Credit Re-porting Act’’. (b) N
OTICE OF STATUS AS AN ACTIVE DUTY M
ILITARY CONSUMER .—The Fair Credit Re-porting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) in section 605 (15 U.S.C. 1681c), by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(i) N
OTICE OF STATUS AS AN ACTIVE DUTY M
ILITARY CONSUMER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to an item of adverse information about a consumer that arises from the failure of the consumer to make any required payment on a debt or other obligation, if the action or inaction that gave rise to the item occurred while the consumer was an active duty military con-sumer, the consumer may provide appro-priate proof, including official orders, to a consumer reporting agency that the con-sumer was an active duty military consumer at the time such action or inaction occurred, and any consumer report provided by the consumer reporting agency that includes the item shall clearly and conspicuously disclose that the consumer was an active duty mili-tary consumer when the action or inaction that gave rise to the item occurred. ‘‘(2) M
ODEL FORM .—The Bureau shall pre-pare a model form, which shall be made pub-licly available, including in an electronic format, by which a consumer may— ‘‘(A) notify, and provide appropriate proof to, a consumer reporting agency in a simple and easy manner, including electronically, that the consumer is or was an active duty military consumer; and ‘‘(B) provide contact information of the consumer for the purpose of communicating with the consumer while the consumer is an active duty military consumer. ‘‘(3) N
O ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES .—Notice, whether provided by the model form de-scribed in paragraph (2) or otherwise, that a consumer is or was an active duty military consumer may not provide the sole basis for— ‘‘(A) with respect to a credit transaction between the consumer and a creditor, a cred-itor— ‘‘(i) denying an application of credit sub-mitted by the consumer; ‘‘(ii) revoking an offer of credit made to the consumer by the creditor; ‘‘(iii) changing the terms of an existing credit arrangement with the consumer; or ‘‘(iv) refusing to grant credit to the con-sumer in a substantially similar amount or on substantially similar terms requested by the consumer; ‘‘(B) furnishing negative information relat-ing to the creditworthiness of the consumer by or to a consumer reporting agency; or ‘‘(C) except as otherwise provided in this title, a creditor or consumer reporting agen-cy noting in the file of the consumer that the consumer is or was an active duty mili-tary consumer.’’; (2) in section 605A (15 U.S.C. 1681c–1)— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Upon’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
EGATIVE INFORMATION NOTIFICATION .— If a consumer reporting agency receives an item of adverse information about a con-sumer who has provided appropriate proof that the consumer is an active duty military consumer, the consumer reporting agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.046 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3221 May 25, 2016 
shall promptly notify the consumer, accord-ing to a frequency, manner, and timeliness determined by the Bureau or specified by the consumer— ‘‘(A) that the consumer reporting agency has received the item of adverse informa-tion, along with a description of the item; and ‘‘(B) the method by which the consumer may dispute the validity of the item. ‘‘(3) C
ONTACT INFORMATION FOR ACTIVE DUTY  
MILITARY CONSUMERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a consumer who has provided appropriate proof to a consumer re-porting agency that the consumer is an ac-tive duty military consumer provides the consumer reporting agency with contact in-formation for the purpose of communicating with the consumer while the consumer is an active duty military consumer, the con-sumer reporting agency shall use that con-tact information for all communications while the consumer is an active duty mili-tary consumer. ‘‘(B) D
IRECT REQUEST .—Unless the con-sumer directs otherwise, the provision of contact information by the consumer under subparagraph (A) shall be deemed to be a re-quest for the consumer to receive an active duty alert under paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that any person making use of a consumer report that contains an item of ad-verse information should, if the action or in-action that gave rise to the item occurred while the consumer was an active duty mili-tary consumer, take such fact into account when evaluating the creditworthiness of the consumer.’’; and (B) in subsection (e), by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of sub-section (c)(1), in the case of a referral under subsection (c)(1)(C).’’; and (3) in section 611(a)(1) (15 U.S.C. 1681i(a)(1)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) N
OTICE OF DISPUTE RELATED TO ACTIVE  
DUTY MILITARY CONSUMERS .—With respect to an item of information described under sub-paragraph (A) that is under dispute, if the consumer to whom the item relates has noti-fied the consumer reporting agency, and has provided appropriate proof, that the con-sumer was an active duty military consumer at the time the action or inaction that gave rise to the disputed item occurred, the con-sumer reporting agency shall— ‘‘(i) include that fact in the file of the con-sumer; and ‘‘(ii) indicate that fact in each consumer report that includes the disputed item.’’. 
SA 4226. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1641. PILOT PROGRAM ON TRAINING FOR NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL ON CYBER SKILLS FOR THE PROTEC-TION OF INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYS-TEMS ASSOCIATED WITH CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall carry out within the Na-tional Guard Bureau a pilot program to pro-vide National Guard personnel with training on cyber skills for the protection of indus-trial control systems associated with critical infrastructure that utilizes the Industrial Control System cyber assessment expertise assigned to a National Guard Cyber Oper-ations Group. (b) DURATION .—The duration of the pilot program shall be three years. (c) S
COPE OF TRAINING .—The training pro-vided pursuant to the pilot program shall be designed to permit personnel who receive such training to assist National Guard Cyber Protection Teams in carrying out activities to protect systems and infrastructure de-scribed in subsection (a) from cyber attacks in situations where such activities are other-wise authorized. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—The Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau shall consult with the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for National Protection and Programs, Depart-ment of Energy national laboratories, and appropriate institutions of higher education and other organizations and entities in the private sector in carrying out the pilot pro-gram. (e) R
ELATIONSHIP WITHEXISTING TRAINING  P
ROGRAMS .—In conducting the pilot pro-gram, the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau shall not duplicate, and shall consult with and may leverage, existing training programs, including training available through the national cybersecurity and com-munications integration center established under section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148). (f) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than six months after the completion of the pilot program, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall submit to the officials, and the committees of Congress, specified in paragraph (2) a re-port that sets forth the following: (A) An evaluation of the training needs of the National Guard Cyber Protection Teams in protecting industrial control systems from cyber attacks. (B) An assessment whether new training capabilities are necessary for the remainder of the National Guard Cyber Protection Teams. (C) Any other assessments, conclusions, and recommendations that the Chief of the National Guard Bureau considers appro-priate in light of the pilot program. (2) O
FFICIALS AND COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The officials, and the committees of Congress, specified in this paragraph are the following: (A) The Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and the Sec-retary of Energy. (B) The Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. (C) The Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives 
SA 4227. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1674. INTELLIGENCE SHARING RELATION-SHIPS. 
(a) R EVIEW OF AGREEMENTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall complete a review of each intelligence sharing agreement between the United States and a foreign country that— (1) is experiencing a significant threat from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant; or (2) is participating as part of the coalition in activities to degrade and defeat the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant. (b) INTELLIGENCE SHARING RELATED TO THE  I
SLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT .— Not later than 90 days after the date that the Director of National Intelligence completes the reviews required by subsection (a), the Director shall develop an intelligence shar-ing agreement between the United States and each foreign country referred to in sub-section (a) that— (1) applies to the sharing of intelligence re-lated to defensive or offensive measures to be taken with respect to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; and (2) provides for the maximum amount of sharing of such intelligence, as appropriate, in a manner that is consistent with the due regard for the protection of intelligence sources and methods, protection of human rights, and the ability of recipient nations to utilize intelligence for targeting purposes consistent with the laws of armed conflict. 
SA 4228. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. C ANTWELL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. APPROVAL OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN UNITED STATES AND REPUBLIC OF PALAU. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Agreement’’ means the Agreement and appendices signed by the United States and the Republic of Palau on September 3, 2010. (2) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘‘Compact’’ means the Compact of Free Association between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Palau, as contained in section 201 of Public Law 99–658 (48 U.S.C. 1931 note). (b) R
ESULTS OF COMPACT REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title I of Public Law 99– 658 (48 U.S.C. 1931 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 105. RESULTS OF COMPACT REVIEW. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The agreement and ap-pendices signed by the United States and the Republic of Palau on September 3, 2010 (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Agreement’), pursuant to section 432 of the Compact, are approved— ‘‘(1) except for the extension of article X of the Agreement regarding Federal programs and services, concluded pursuant to article II of title II and section 232 of the Compact; and ‘‘(2) subject to the provisions of this sec-tion. ‘‘(b) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .—If the Repub-lic of Palau withdraws more than $5,000,000 from the trust fund established under section 211(f) of the Compact during fiscal year 2016, or more than $8,000,000 during fiscal year 2017, the amounts payable under sections 1, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.048 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3222 May 25, 2016 
2(a), 3, and 4(a) of the Agreement shall be withheld from the Republic of Palau until the date on which the Republic of Palau re-imburses the trust fund for the total amounts withdrawn that exceeded $5,000,000 during fiscal year 2016 or $8,000,000 during fis-cal year 2017, as applicable. ‘‘(c) F
UNDING FOR CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— Not later than 30 days after the date of en-actment of this section, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary of the Interior such sums as are necessary for the Secretary of the Inte-rior to implement sections 1, 2(a), 3, 4(a), and 5 of the Agreement, to remain available until expended, without any further appropriation. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated— ‘‘(1) to the Secretary of the Interior to sub-sidize postal services provided by the United States Postal Service to the Republic of Palau, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Federated States of Micronesia $1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2024, to remain available until expended; and ‘‘(2) to the head of each Federal entity de-scribed in paragraphs (1), (3), and (4) of sec-tion 221(a) of the Compact (including any successor of such a Federal entity) to carry out the responsibilities of the Federal entity under section 221(a) of the Compact such sums as are necessary, to remain available until expended.’’. (2) O
FFSET .—Section 3 of the Act of June 30, 1954 (68 Stat. 330, 82 Stat. 1213, chapter 423), is repealed. (c) P
AYMENT SCHEDULE ; W ITHHOLDING OF  F
UNDS ; FUNDING .— (1) C
OMPACT FUND .—Section 1 of the Agree-ment is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SECTION 1. COMPACT FUND. 
‘‘The Government of the United States shall contribute $30,250,000 to the Fund es-tablished under section 211(f) of the Compact in accordance with the following schedule: ‘‘(1) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. ‘‘(3) $250,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (2) I
NFRASTRUCTURE MAINTENANCE FUND .— Subsection (a) of section 2 of the Agreement is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) G
RANT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Government of the United States shall provide a grant in an amount equal to $3,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2024 to create a trust fund (referred to in this agreement as the ‘Infra-structure Maintenance Fund’), to be used for the routine and periodic maintenance of major capital improvement projects financed using funds provided by the Government of the United States. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRIBUTIONS BY PALAU .—The Gov- ernment of Palau shall match the contribu-tions made by the Government of the United States by making contributions of $150,000 to the Infrastructure Maintenance Fund on a quarterly basis during the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on September 30, 2024. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENT .—The implementation of this subsection shall be carried out in ac-cordance with appendix A to this agree-ment.’’. (3) F
ISCAL CONSOLIDATION FUND .—Section 3 of the Agreement is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 3. FISCAL CONSOLIDATION FUND. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Government of the United States shall provide to the Govern-ment of Palau $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018 for deposit in an interest- bearing account to be used to reduce govern-ment arrears of the Government of Palau. ‘‘(b) REQUIREMENT .—The implementation of this section shall be carried out in accord-ance with appendix B to this agreement.’’. (4) D
IRECT ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE .—Sub- section (a) of section 4 of the Agreement is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) D
IRECT ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to economic assistance in an amount equal to $13,147,000 provided to the Government of Palau by the Government of the United States for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2016, and unless oth-erwise specified in this agreement or an ap-pendix to this agreement, the Government of the United States shall provide to the Gov-ernment of Palau $28,721,000 in economic as-sistance, as follows: ‘‘(A) $7,500,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(B) $6,250,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(C) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(D) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(E) $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(F) $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2022. ‘‘(G) $971,000 for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(2) M
ETHOD .—Unless otherwise specified in this agreement or in an appendix to this agreement, the funds provided for a fiscal year under this subsection shall be provided in 4 quarterly payments in an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) 30 percent of the total applicable amount during the first quarter; ‘‘(B) 30 percent of the total applicable amount during the second quarter; ‘‘(C) 20 percent of the total applicable amount during the third quarter; and ‘‘(D) 20 percent of the total applicable amount during the fourth quarter.’’. (5) I
NFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .—Section 5 of the Agreement is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 5. INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Government of the United States shall provide to the Govern-ment of Palau grants in a total amount equal to $40,000,000, as follows: ‘‘(1) $8,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019. ‘‘(2) $6,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(3) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 and 2022. ‘‘(b) U
SE.—The Government of Palau shall use each grant provided under subsection (a) for 1 or more mutually agreed-upon infra-structure projects, in accordance with appen-dix C to this agreement.’’. (d) P
ASSPORT REQUIREMENT .—Section 141 of the Compact is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 141. PASSPORT REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) A DMISSION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who meets the requirements of any category described in paragraph (2) may be admitted to, and lawfully engage in occupations and establish residence as a nonimmigrant in, the United States and its territories and possessions, without regard to paragraph (5) or (7)(B)(i)(II) of section 212(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)), subject to the condition that the passport presented to satisfy paragraph (7)(B)(i)(I) of that section is a valid, unexpired, machine- readable passport that satisfies the inter-nationally accepted standard for machine readability. ‘‘(2) D
ESCRIPTION OF CATEGORIES .—The cat- egories referred to in paragraph (1) are the following: ‘‘(A) A person who— ‘‘(i) on September 30, 1994, was a citizen of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands (as defined in title 53 of the Trust Territory Code in force on January 1, 1979); and ‘‘(ii) has become, and remains, a citizen of Palau. ‘‘(B) A person who acquires the citizenship of Palau, at birth, on or after the effective date of the Constitution of Palau. ‘‘(C) A naturalized citizen of Palau who— ‘‘(i) has been an actual resident of Palau for not less than 5 years after attaining that naturalization; and ‘‘(ii) holds a certificate of that actual resi-dence. ‘‘(3) EFFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection— ‘‘(A) confers on a citizen of Palau the right— ‘‘(i) to establish residence necessary for naturalization under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.); or ‘‘(ii) to petition for benefits for alien rel-atives under that Act; or ‘‘(B) prevents a citizen of Palau from oth-erwise acquiring— ‘‘(i) a right described in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(ii) lawful permanent resident alien sta-tus in the United States. ‘‘(b) A
CCEPTANCE OF EMPLOYMENT .—Any person who meets the requirements of any category described in subsection (a)(2) shall be considered to have the permission of the Secretary of Homeland Security to accept employment in the United States. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF HABITUAL RESI-
DENCE IN CERTAIN TERRITORIES AND POSSES -
SIONS .—The right of a person who meets the requirements of any category described in subsection (a)(2) to establish habitual resi-dence in a territory or possession of the United States may be subject to any non-discriminatory limitation under any law (in-cluding regulations) of— ‘‘(1) the United States; or ‘‘(2) the applicable territory or possession of the United States.’’. (e) C
ONTINUING PROGRAMS AND LAWS.—Sec- tion 105(f)(1)(B)(ix) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (48 U.S.C. 1921d(f)(1)(B)(ix)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
SA 4229. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XV, add the following: 
SEC. 1512. INCREASE IN AUTHORIZATIONS AND AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIA-TIONS TO MEET UNFUNDED PRIOR-ITIES OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S UPERSEDING ENDSTRENGTHS FOR AC-
TIVE FORCES .— (1) I
NEFFECTIVENESS OF SPECIFIED END  
STRENGTHS .—Section 401 shall have no force or effect. (2) S
UPERSEDED END STRENGTHS .—The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2017, as follows: (A) The Army, 475,000. (B) The Navy, 325,782. (C) The Marine Corps, 185,000. (D) The Air Force, 321,000. (b) S
UPERSEDING ENDSTRENGTHS FOR SE-
LECTED RESERVE .— (1) I
NEFFECTIVENESS OF SPECIFIED END  
STRENGTHS .—Section 411(a) shall have no force or effect. (2) S
UPERSEDING END STRENGTHS .—The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for Selected Reserve personnel of the reserve components as of September 30, 2017, as fol-lows: (A) The Army National Guard of the United States, 342,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.047 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3223 May 25, 2016 
(B) The Army Reserve, 198,000. (C) The Navy Reserve, 58,300. (D) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,900. (E) The Air National Guard of the United States, 106,200. (F) The Air Force Reserve, 69,200. (G) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN AUTHORI -
TIES.—Subsections (b) and (c) of section 411 shall apply in the calculation of end strengths under paragraph (2). (c) S
UPERSEDING PAYRAISE.— (1) I
NEFFECTIVENESS OF SPECIFIED PAY  
RAISE .—Section 601(b) shall have no force or effect. (2) S
UPERSEDING INCREASE IN BASIC PAY .— Effective on January 1, 2017, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uni-formed services are increased by 2.1 percent. (d) I
NEFFECTIVENESS OF REDUCTION IN MIN-
IMUM NUMBER OF NAVYCARRIER AIRWINGS.— Section 1088 shall have no force or effect, and the amendments proposed to be made by that section shall not be made. (e) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , A RMY.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $1,052,000,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to aircraft procure-ment, Army, for overseas contingency oper-ations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for the following procurement in the amounts specified: (1) 10 AH–64 Apache Advance Procurement, consistent with the recommendation of the National Commission on the Future of the Army, $71,000,000. (2) 17 LUH–72 Lakota, consistent with the recommendation of the National Commis-sion on the Future of the Army, $110,000,000. (3) 36 UH–60M Black Hawk, consistent with the recommendation of the National Com-mission on the Future of the Army, $440,000,000. (4) 5 AH–64 Apache New Builds, consistent with the recommendation of the National Commission on the Future of the Army, $191,000,000. (5) 5 Reman CH–47 Chinook, consistent with the recommendation of the National Commission on the Future of the Army, $240,000,000. (f) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, A RMY.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $245,000,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to procurement of wheeled and tracked combat vehicles, Army, for overseas contingency operations, as spec-ified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for the following procurement in the amounts specified: (1) Modernization of 14 M1 Abrams for the European Reassurance Initiative, $172,200,000. (2) Modernization of 14 M2 Bradley for the European Reassurance Initiative, $72,800,000. (g) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO O
THER PROCUREMENT , A RMY.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 1503 for procurement for overseas con-tingency operations is hereby increased by $60,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to other procurement, Army, for overseas contingency operations, as spec-ified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for the following procurement in the amounts specified: (1) Assured Positioning Navigation and Timing (PNT), consistent with the rec-ommendation of the National Commission on the Future of the Army, $28,000,000. (2) Modernized Warning System, consistent with the recommendation of the National Commission on the Future of the Army, $32,000,000. (h) INCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , N AVY.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $2,489,700,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to aircraft procure-ment, Navy, for overseas contingency oper-ations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for the following procurement in the amounts specified: (1) 14 F–18 Super Hornet, $1,200,000,000. (2) 2 AH–1Z Viper, $57,000,000. (3) 2 Marine Corps F–35B, $269,600,000. (4) 2 Marine Corps F–35C, $270,000,000. (5) 2 Marine Corps KC–130J, $158,000,000. (6) 2 Marine Corps MV–22, $150,000,000. (7) 2 Navy F–35C, $270,000,000. (8) CH–35 Degraded Visual Environment Display, $13,300,000. (9) KC–130J Digital Interoperability, $20,800,000. (10) RF Kill Chain Enhancements, $81,000,000. (i) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , N AVY.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $36,000,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to weapons procure-ment, Navy, for overseas contingency oper-ations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for the following procurement in the amounts specified: (1) 23 MK 54 Lightweight Torpedo Mod 0, $16,000,000. (2) 8 MK 48 Heavy Weight Torpedo, $20,000,000. (j) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORPROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC.— The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of De-fense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $58,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to procurement of ammo, Navy and Marine Corps, for over-seas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4102, and avail-able for the procurement of JDAM Compo-nents in the amount of $58,000,000. (k) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY.— The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of De-fense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $1,830,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to ship-building and conversion, Navy, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for the following procurement in the amounts specified: (1) 3 Ship to Shore Connector, $165,000,000. (2) DDG–51 Incremental Funding, $383,000,000. (3) LCU Replacement, $22,000,000. (4) Littoral Combat Ship, $385,000,000. (5) LX(R) Advance Funding, $800,000,000. (6) T–ATS(X) (SCN–21), $75,000,000. (l) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR OTHER PROCUREMENT , N AVY.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $65,000,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to other procurement, Navy, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for the following procure-ment in the amounts specified: (1) SSEE Inc F, $43,000,000. (2) Submarine Towed Arrays, $22,000,000. (m) INCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE .— The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of De-fense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $1,167,800,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to aircraft procurement, Air Force, for overseas contin-gency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for the following procurement in the amounts speci-fied: (1) 5 Air Force F–35A, $691,000,000. (2) 5 Air Force C–130J, $452,000,000. (3) F–16 Mission Training Center, $24,800,000. (n) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR PROCUREMENT , D EFENSE -WIDE.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1503 for procurement for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $303,000,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to procurement, De-fense-wide, for overseas contingency oper-ations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4102, and available for the following procurement in the amounts specified: (1) Israeli Missile Defense Procurement Arrow 3 Upper Tier, $120,000,000. (2) Israeli Missile Defense Procurement Da-vid’s Sling, $150,000,000. (3) Israeli Missile Defense Procurement Iron Dome, $20,000,000. (4) SOUTHCOM Other Electronic Warfare/ Countermeasures, $13,000,000. (o) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORRDT&E, N AVY.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1504 for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $43,400,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation, Navy, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4202, and available for the following research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation in the amounts specified: (1) APKWS II F/A–18D, $25,900,000. (2) LCS Propulsion and machinery control test capability, $17,500,000. (p) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR RDT&E, D EFENSE -WIDE.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 1504 for research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contingency oper-ations is hereby increased by $29,900,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to research, development, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, for overseas contingency oper-ations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4202, and available for the following research, development, test, and evaluation in the amounts specified: (1) Israeli Missile Defense Development Arrow, $6,500,000. (2) Israeli Missile Defense Development Arrow–3, $4,100,000. (3) Israeli Missile Defense Development Da-vid’s Sling, $19,300,000. (q) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORO&M, A RMY.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1505 for op-eration and maintenance for overseas contin-gency operations is hereby increased by $4,369,800,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to operation and main-tenance, Army, for overseas contingency op-erations, as specified in the funding tables in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.049 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3224 May 25, 2016 
section 4302, and available for the following operation and maintenance in the amounts specified: (1) 4 ANG AH–64 Training, consistent with the recommendation of the National Com-mission on the Future of the Army, $62,100,000. (2) Army Readiness Aviation Assets, $7,200,000. (3) Army Readiness Echelons Above Bri-gade, $18,300,000. (4) Army Readiness Facilities, Sustainment, Restoration & Modernization, $354,400,000. (5) Army Readiness Flight Training, $6,400,000. (6) Army Readiness Land Forces Oper-ations Support, $8,900,000. (7) Army Readiness Maneuver Units, $202,800,000. (8) Army Readiness Modular Support Bri-gades, $2,700,000. (9) Army Readiness Theater Level Assets, $10,200,000. (10) ERI Realignment, a decrease of $245,000,000. (11) Force structure in Afghanistan 9,800, $3,191,000,000. (12) Heel-to-toe presence of CAB Europe, $100,000,000. (13) Maintain Eleventh Combat Aviation Brigades, $305,400,000. (14) National Guard Readiness, consistent with the recommendation of the National Commission on the Future of the Army, $70,000,000. (15) Army Readiness Aviation Assets, $68,000,000. (16) Army Readiness Land Forces Oper-ations Support, $207,400,000. (r) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR O&M, A RMY NATIONAL GUARD .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1505 for operation and mainte-nance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $156,100,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to op-eration and maintenance, Army National Guard, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for the following oper-ation and maintenance in the amounts speci-fied: (1) Army National Guard Readiness Eche-lons Above Brigade, $15,000,000. (2) Army National Guard Readiness Mod-ular Support Brigades, $15,000,000. (3) Army National Guard Readiness The-ater Level Assets, $15,000,000. (4) Army National Guard Readiness Facili-ties, Sustainment, Restoration & Moderniza-tion, $32,100,000. (5) Army National Guard Readiness Avia-tion Assets, $44,000,000. (6) Army National Guard Readiness Maneu-ver Units 111, $35,000,000. (s) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORO&M, A RMY RESERVE .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 1505 for operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $81,500,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to operation and maintenance, Army Reserve, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for the following operation and maintenance in the amounts specified: (1) Army Reserve Readiness Echelons Above Brigade, $60,000,000. (2) Army Reserve Facilities, Sustainment, Restoration and Modernization, $21,500,000. (t) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORO&M, N AVY.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1505 for op-eration and maintenance for overseas contin-gency operations is hereby increased by $1,007,400,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to operation and main-tenance, Navy, for overseas contingency op-erations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for the following operation and maintenance in the amounts specified: (1) Dry Dock Initiative, $80,000,000. (2) Navy Readiness Mission and Other Ship Operations, $158,000,000. (3) Navy Readiness Ship Depot Mainte-nance, $238,000,000. (4) Navy Readiness Sustainment, Restora-tion, and Modernization, $160,900,000. (5) Reactive Yard Patrol Craft, $45,000,000. (6) Navy Readiness Ship Depot Operations Support, $79,000,000. (7) Restore 10th Air Wing, $86,500,000. (8) Restore Cruisers, $161,000,000. (u) INCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORO&M, N AVY RESERVE .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 1505 for operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $25,800,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to operation and maintenance, Navy Reserve, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for the following operation and maintenance in the amounts specified: (1) Navy Reserve Readiness Ship Oper-ations Support & Training, $20,000,000. (2) Navy Reserve Sustainment, Restora-tion, and Modernization, $5,800,000. (v) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORO&M, M ARINE CORPS .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 1505 for operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $39,300,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to operation and maintenance, Marine Corps, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for operation and maintenance for Marine Corps Readiness Sustain, Restoration, & Modernization in the amount of $39,300,000. (w) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR O&M, M ARINE CORPS RESERVE .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1505 for operation and mainte-nance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $5,500,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to op-eration and maintenance, Marine Corps Re-serve, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for operation and mainte-nance for Marine Corps Reserve Sustain, Restoration and Modernization in the amount of $5,500,000. (x) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORO&M, A IRFORCE .—The amount author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1505 for operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $392,700,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to operation and main-tenance, Air Force, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for the fol-lowing operation and maintenance in the amounts specified: (1) Air Force Readiness Airlift Operations, $16,700,000. (2) Air Force Readiness Facilities Sustainment, Restoration & Modernization, $157,700,000. (3) Contract Maintenance Shortfall A–10, $74,000,000. (4) Air Force Readiness Combatant Com-mand Direct Mission Support, $50,000,000. (5) Air Force Readiness Logistics Oper-ations, $61,400,000. (6) Air Force Readiness Primary Combat Forces, $32,900,000. (y) INCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORO&M, A IRFORCE RESERVE .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 1505 for operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $11,700,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to operation and maintenance, Air Force Reserve, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for operation and maintenance for Air Force Reserve Facilities Sustainment, Restoration & Modernization in the amount of $11,700,000. (z) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR O&M, A IRNATIONAL GUARD .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 1505 for operation and mainte-nance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $14,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to op-eration and maintenance, Air National Guard, for overseas contingency operations, as specified in the funding tables in section 4302, and available for operation and mainte-nance for Air Guard Readiness Echelons Above Brigade 113 in the amount of $14,000,000. (aa) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR O&M, D EFENSE -WIDE.—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 1505 for operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $400,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, for overseas con-tingency operations, as specified in the fund-ing tables in section 4302, and available for the following operation and maintenance in the amounts specified: (1) PGM stockpiling for partners and allies in Europe/Middle East, $200,000,000. (2) Stipends for Kurdish Peshmerga, $200,000,000. (bb) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORMILITARY PERSONNEL .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 1506 for military personnel for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $2,734,800,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to military personnel for overseas contingency operations, as spec-ified in the funding tables in section 4402, and available for military personnel for pur-poses and in the amounts specified as fol-lows: (1) Active Army Endstrength to 475,000, $1,539,000,000. (2) Air Force Reserve endstrength increase 200, $6,000,000. (3) Air National Guard Endstrength in-crease 500, $17,000,000. (4) Army National Guard endstrength in-crease 7,000, $217,000,000. (5) Army Reserve endstrength increase 3,000, $73,000,000. (6) Increase Active Marine Endstrength to 185,000, $300,000,000. (7) Increase Military Pay Raise to 2.1%, $300,000,000. (8) Navy Reserve endstrength increase 300, $10,000,000. (9) Restore 10th Air Wing Endstrength in-crease 1,167, $46,500,000. (10) Restore 10th Air Wing Endstrength Medicare Eligible Retirement Health Fund, $2,300,000. (11) Restore Cruisers increase 1,715, $67,000,000. (12) USAF Endstrength to 321,000, $145,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.049 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3225 May 25, 2016 
(13) USMC Reserve endstrength increase 400, $12,000,000. (cc) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR AF-
GHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by this title for overseas contingency oper-ations is hereby increased by $800,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be allo-cated to the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund as specified in the funding tables in di-vision D, and available for purposes of the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund in the amount of $800,000,000. (dd) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR  C
OUNTER ISLAMIC STATE IN IRAQ AND THE LE-
VANT FUND.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the De-partment of Defense by this title for over-seas contingency operations is hereby in-creased by $100,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to the Counter Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant Fund as specified in the funding tables in division D, and available for the Counter Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant Fund for Iraq Train and Equip Fund (Mosul) in the amount of $100,000,000. (ee) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR  U
KRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE .— The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of De-fense by this title for overseas contingency operations is hereby increased by $150,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be allo-cated to the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative as specified in the funding tables in division D, and available for purposes of the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative in the amount of $150,000,000. (ff) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FORARMYMILITARY CONSTRUCTION .— (1) M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS INSIDE  
THE UNITED STATES .—The amount authorized to be appropriated under section 2903 and available for Army military construction projects as specified in the funding table in section 4602 is increased by $29,900,000, with the amount of such increase to be allocated as follows: (A) $23,000,000 for a Vehicle Maintenance Shop, Fort Belvoir, Virginia. (B) $6,900,000 for a Fire Station, Fort Leon-ard Wood, Missouri. (2) F
AMILY HOUSING .—The amount author-ized to be appropriated under section 2903 and available for Army military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4602 is increased by $14,400,000, with the amount of such increase to be allocated to Family Housing Replace-ment, Natick, Massachusetts. (gg) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION .—The amount authorized to be appropriated under section 2903 and available for Navy military construction projects as specified in the funding table in section 4602 is increased by $143,000,000, with the amount of such increase to be allocated as follows: (1) $108,300,000 to cover funding shortfalls, various locations. (2) $34,700,000 for a Communications Com-plex and Infrastructure Upgrades, Miramar, California. (hh) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR AIRFORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION .— The amount authorized to be appropriated under section 2903 and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4602 is increased by $119,465,000, with the amount of such increase to be allocated as follows: (1) $17,000,000 for a Fire and Rescue Sta-tion, Joint Base Charleston, South Carolina. (2) $10,965,000 for the Vandenberg Gate Complex, Hanscom Air Force Base, Massa-chusetts. (3) $35,000,000 for Dormitories, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. (4) $41,000,000 for a Consolidated Commu-nications Facility, Scott Air Force Base, Il-linois. (5) $15,500,000 for Judge Advocate General’s School Expansion, Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama. (ii) INCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR OCO 
FOR AIRNATIONAL GUARD MILITARY CON-
STRUCTION .—The amount authorized to be appropriated under section 2903 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4602 is in-creased by $11,000,000, with the amount of such increase to be allocated as follows: (1) $6,000,000 for an Indoor Small Arms Range, Toledo Airport, Ohio. (2) $5,000,000 for a Munitions Load Crew Training/Corrosion Control Facility, An-drews Air Force Base, Maryland. 
SA 4230. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. S
CHATZ ) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 416, recognizing the contributions of Hawaii to the culinary heritage of the United States and des-ignating the week beginning on June 12, 2016, as ‘‘National Hawaiian Food Week’’; as follows: 
Strike the preamble and insert the fol-lowing: Whereas when individuals first came to the Hawaiian islands more than 1,500 years ago, there was little to eat other than birds and a few species of ferns, but the individuals found rich volcanic soil, a year-round grow-ing season, and abundant fisheries; Whereas the history of Hawaii is inex-tricably linked with— (1) foods brought to the Hawaiian islands by the first individuals who came to Hawaii and successive waves of voyagers to the Ha-waiian islands; (2) the agricultural and ranching potential of the land of Hawaii; and (3) the readily available seafood from the ocean and coasts of Hawaii; Whereas the food cultures initially brought to Hawaii came from places including French Polynesia, China, Japan, Portugal, North Korea, South Korea, the Philippines, Puerto Rico, and Samoa; Whereas the foods first brought to Hawaii were simple, hearty fare of working men and women that reminded the men and women of their distant homes; Whereas individuals in Hawaii, in the spir-it of Aloha, shared favorite dishes with each other, and as a result, the individuals began to appreciate new tastes and learned how to bring new ideas into their cooking; Whereas the blend of styles in Hawaiian cooking evolves as new groups of individuals make Hawaii their home; Whereas the fusion of dishes from around the world creates a unique cuisine for Hawaii that is as much a part of a visit to Hawaii as the welcoming climate, friendly individuals, and beautiful beaches in Hawaii; Whereas the food of Hawaii is appealing be-cause it came from hard-working commu-nities of individuals that farmed, fished, or ranched for their livelihoods, which are core experiences of individuals throughout the United States; and Whereas the growing appreciation for the food of Hawaii comes from hard-working and ingenious farmers, fishers, educators, ranch-ers, chefs, and businesses that innovate and export the taste of Hawaii all over the world: Now, therefore, be it 
SA 4231. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. DEFENSE AND SECURITY COOPERA-TION WITH INDIA. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF DEFENSE TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The Secretary of Defense, in co-ordination with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Commerce, shall ensure that the authorization of any proposed sale or export of defense articles, defense serv-ices, or technical data to India is treated in a manner similar to that of the United States’ closest partners and allies, which in-clude NATO members, Australia, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Israel, and New Zealand. (b) D
EFENSE TRADE FACILITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall en-deavor to further align laws, regulations, and systems within India and the United States for the facilitation of defense trade and the protection of mutual security inter-ests. (2) F
ACILITATION PLAN .—The President shall develop a plan for such facilitation and coordination efforts that identifies key pri-orities, any impediments, and the timeline for such efforts. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report detailing this coordination plan. 
SA 4232. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 341. ACCESS TO WIRELESS HIGH-SPEED INTERNET AND NETWORK CONNEC-TIONS FOR CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DEPLOYED OVERSEAS. 
Consistent with section 2492a of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense is encouraged to enter into contracts with third-party vendors in order to provide mem-bers of the Armed Forces who are deployed overseas at any United States military facil-ity, at which wireless high-speed Internet and network connections are otherwise available, with access to such Internet and network connections without charge. 
SA 4233. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.049 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3226 May 25, 2016 
SEC. 565. REPORT AND GUIDANCE ON JOB TRAIN-ING, EMPLOYMENT SKILLS TRAIN-ING, APPRENTICESHIPS, AND IN-TERNSHIPS AND SKILLBRIDGE INI-TIATIVES FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ARE BEING SEPARATED. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Readiness shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, and make available to the public, a report evaluating the success of the Job Training, Employment Skills Training, Apprenticeships, and Intern-ships (known as JTEST–AI) and SkillBridge initiatives, under which civilian businesses and companies make available to members of the Armed Forces who are being separated from the Armed Forces training or intern-ship opportunities that offer a high prob-ability of employment for the members after their separation. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In preparing the report re-quired by subsection (a), the Under Sec-retary shall use the effectiveness metrics de-scribed in Enclosure 5 of Department of De-fense Instruction No. 1322.29. The report shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the successes of the Job Training, Employment Skills Training, Apprenticeships, and Internships and SkillBridge initiatives. (2) Recommendations by the Under Sec-retary on ways in which the administration of the initiatives could be improved. (3) Recommendations by civilian compa-nies participating in the initiatives on ways in which the administration of the initia-tives could be improved. (4) Testimony from a sample of members of the Armed Forces who are participating in each of the initiatives regarding the effec-tiveness of such initiatives and the members’ support for such initiatives. (5) Testimony from a sample of recently separated members of the Armed Forces who participated in each of the initiatives re-garding the effectiveness of such initiatives and the members’ support for such initia-tives. (c) I
SSUANCE OF GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the submittal of the report re-quired by subsection (a), the Under Sec-retary shall issue guidance to commanders of units of the Armed Forces for the purpose of encouraging commanders, consistent with unit readiness, to permit members of the Armed Forces under their command who are being separated from the Armed Forces to participate in the Job Training, Employment Skills Training, Apprenticeships, and Intern-ships or SkillBridge initiative. 
SA 4234. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 538. REPORT ON PROGRESS OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN ESTAB-LISHING AND IMPLEMENTING PROC-ESS BY WHICH MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES MAY CARRY APPRO-PRIATE FIREARMS ON MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a description and assessment of the progress of the Department of Defense in establishing and implementing a process by which mem-bers of the Armed Forces may carry appro-priate firearms on military installations as required by section 526 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 813; 10 U.S.C. 2672 note). (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the process established pursuant to section 526 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. (2) A description and assessment of the im-plementation of that process at military in-stallations, including a list of the military installations at which that process has been implemented. 
SA 4235. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 623. TRANSPORTATION ON MILITARY AIR-CRAFT ON A SPACE-AVAILABLE BASIS FOR MEMBERS AND FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH DISABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF TRANSPORTATION .— Section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL PRIORITY FOR CERTAIN DIS-
ABLED VETERANS .—(1) The Secretary of De-fense shall provide transportation on sched-uled and unscheduled military flights within the continental United States and on sched-uled overseas flights operated by the Air Mo-bility Command on a space-available basis for any member or former member of the armed forces with a disability rated as total on the same basis as such transportation is provided to members of the armed forces en-titled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(2) The transportation priority required by paragraph (1) for veterans described in such paragraph applies whether or not the Secretary establishes the travel program au-thorized by this section. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘disability rated as total’ has the meanings given that term in section 1414(e)(3) of this title.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (f) of sec-tion 2641b of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall take effect at the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4236. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1085. REPORT ON PRIORITIES FOR BED DOWNS, BASING CRITERIA, AND SPE-CIAL MISSION UNITS FOR C–130J AIRCRAFT OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Air Force Reserve Command con-tributes unique capabilities to the total force, including all the weather reconnais-sance and aerial spray capabilities, and 25 percent of the Modular Airborne Firefighting System capabilities, of the Air Force; and (2) special mission units of the Air Force Reserve Command currently operate aging aircraft, which jeopardizes future mission readiness and operational capabilities. (b) R
EPORT ON PRIORITIES FOR C–130J B ED D
OWNS , BASING CRITERIA , AND SPECIAL MIS-
SION UNITS.—Not later than February 1, 2017, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the following: (1) The overall prioritization scheme of the Air Force for future C–130J aircraft unit bed downs. (2) The strategic basing criteria of the Air Force for C–130J aircraft unit conversions. (3) The unit conversion priorities for spe-cial mission units of the Air Force Reserve Command, the Air National Guard, and the regular Air Force, and the manner which considerations such as age of airframes fac-tor into such priorities. (4) Such other information relating to C– 130J aircraft unit conversions and bed downs as the Secretary considers appropriate. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 25, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding the Role of Sanctions Under the Iran Deal: Administration Perspectives.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 25, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a Subcommittee hearing enti-tled ‘‘Improvements in Hurricane Fore-casting and the Path Forward.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 25, 2016, at 4:30 p.m., to conduct a closed briefing entitled ‘‘Trafficking in Persons: Preparing The 2016 Annual Report.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.050 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3227 May 25, 2016 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 25, 2016, at 10 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on May 25, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘International Cybersecurity Strategy: Deterring Foreign Treats and Building Global Cyber Norms.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that LCDR Amy M. Gabriel, a Navy fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the dura-tion of the Senate debate on the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for the Fiscal Year 2017. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Si-erra Brummett, be granted privileges of the floor for the balance of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Lucy Ohlsen, a legislative fellow in my office, be given floor privileges for the remainder of this Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 552 only, with no other exec-utive business in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Patrick A. Burke, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Marshal for the Dis-trict of Columbia for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the nomina-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate? Hearing none, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Burke nomination? The nomination was confirmed. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
CYSTIC FIBROSIS AWARENESS MONTH Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 476, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 476) designating the month of May 2016 as ‘‘Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ROUNDS. I further ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 476) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROMOTING MINORITY HEALTH AWARENESS AND SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NA-TIONAL MINORITY HEALTH MONTH IN APRIL 2016 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 477, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 477) promoting minor-ity health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2016, which include bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Americans, African Americans, Latino Americans, and Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today to ask my Senate colleagues to join me in recognizing—belatedly— April as National Minority Health Month. For over 30 years, this com-memorative event has provided us the opportunity to celebrate the progress we have made in addressing minority health disparities and related issues in our Nation, and to renew our commit-ment to continue this critically impor-tant effort. The theme of this year’s National Mi-nority Health Month observance, ‘‘Ac-celerating Health Equity for the Na-tion,’’ reflects both a sense of urgency and determination in moving the coun-try forward toward health equity. Mi-norities now make up more than 35 per-cent of the American population and that number is expected to rise in the future. Studies have shown, however, that disparities persist for minority populations and are evident in higher rates of diabetes, heart disease, hepa-titis B, HIV/AIDS and infant mortality, among other conditions. For instance, over 29 million Americans suffer from diabetes. But African Americans are twice as likely to be diagnosed with, and to die from, diabetes compared to non-Hispanic Whites. In addition, near-ly one-half of all African Americans and Latinos experience the highest rates of adult obesity. This year marks the 30th anniversary of the Department of Health & Human Services Office of Minority Health, which leads the Nation in raising awareness about minority health dis-parities, their causes, and the impact they have on minority communities and the Nation as a whole. To com-memorate this occasion, a renewed ef-fort is underway with public and pri-vate stakeholders to accelerate achiev-ing health equity for all Americans through the development of research, community programs, and legislation. We owe it to our constituents to ad-vance this national movement. For these reasons, I am proud my col-leagues, Senators HIRONO , B
LUMENTHAL , BROWN , M ENENDEZ , and S
CHATZ have joined me in introducing a resolution recognizing April as Na-tional Minority Health Month. In our country, we are incredibly for-tunate to have the National Institutes of Health (NIH), which works tirelessly to improve the health of all Americans. Within the NIH, the National Institute for Minority Health & Health Dispari-ties (NIMHD) has the specific mission of addressing minority health issues and eliminating health disparities. I am proud of my role in the establish-ment of the NIMHD, which supports groundbreaking research at univer-sities and medical institutions across our country. This critically important work ranges from enhancing our under-standing of the basic biological proc-esses associated with health disparities to applied, clinical, and translational research and interventions that seek to address those disparities. Today, because of the steadfast work of committed leaders and individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.051 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3228 May 25, 2016 
we have made significant strides to achieving health equity for all. Thanks to innovative reforms such as the Af-fordable Care Act (ACA), we have made health coverage more accessible and af-fordable than it has been in decades. By reducing the number of uninsured Americans across the country, the ACA is helping to address health inequal-ities. In Maryland, due to increased funding as a result of the ACA, over 300,000 Marylanders—a majority of which come from minority commu-nities—now have access to community health clinics and life-saving health care. Every community across this great Nation deserves optimal health. One’s ethnic or racial background should never determine the length or quality of life. As we belatedly recognize April as National Minority Health Month, let us renew our commitment to ensuring all Americans’ access to affordable, high-quality health care and renew our pledge to do everything possible to eliminate health disparities and ulti-mately achieve health equity for all. Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 477) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL HAWAIIAN FOOD WEEK Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 416 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 416) recognizing the contributions of Hawaii to the culinary her-itage of the United States and designating the week beginning on June 12, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Hawaiian Food Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ROUNDS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be agreed to, the amendment to the preamble be agreed to, the preamble, as amended, be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 416) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 4230) was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: To amend the preamble) Strike the preamble and insert the fol-lowing: Whereas when individuals first came to the Hawaiian islands more than 1,500 years ago, there was little to eat other than birds and a few species of ferns, but the individuals found rich volcanic soil, a year-round grow-ing season, and abundant fisheries; Whereas the history of Hawaii is inex-tricably linked with— (1) foods brought to the Hawaiian islands by the first individuals who came to Hawaii and successive waves of voyagers to the Ha-waiian islands; (2) the agricultural and ranching potential of the land of Hawaii; and (3) the readily available seafood from the ocean and coasts of Hawaii; Whereas the food cultures initially brought to Hawaii came from places including French Polynesia, China, Japan, Portugal, North Korea, South Korea, the Philippines, Puerto Rico, and Samoa; Whereas the foods first brought to Hawaii were simple, hearty fare of working men and women that reminded the men and women of their distant homes; Whereas individuals in Hawaii, in the spir-it of Aloha, shared favorite dishes with each other, and as a result, the individuals began to appreciate new tastes and learned how to bring new ideas into their cooking; Whereas the blend of styles in Hawaiian cooking evolves as new groups of individuals make Hawaii their home; Whereas the fusion of dishes from around the world creates a unique cuisine for Hawaii that is as much a part of a visit to Hawaii as the welcoming climate, friendly individuals, and beautiful beaches in Hawaii; Whereas the food of Hawaii is appealing be-cause it came from hard-working commu-nities of individuals that farmed, fished, or ranched for their livelihoods, which are core experiences of individuals throughout the United States; and Whereas the growing appreciation for the food of Hawaii comes from hard-working and ingenious farmers, fishers, educators, ranch-ers, chefs, and businesses that innovate and export the taste of Hawaii all over the world: Now, therefore, be it 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 416 Whereas when individuals first came to the Hawaiian islands more than 1,500 years ago, there was little to eat other than birds and a few species of ferns, but the individuals found rich volcanic soil, a year-round grow-ing season, and abundant fisheries; Whereas the history of Hawaii is inex-tricably linked with— (1) foods brought to the Hawaiian islands by the first individuals who came to Hawaii and successive waves of voyagers to the Ha-waiian islands; (2) the agricultural and ranching potential of the land of Hawaii; and (3) the readily available seafood from the ocean and coasts of Hawaii; Whereas the food cultures initially brought to Hawaii came from places including French Polynesia, China, Japan, Portugal, North Korea, South Korea, the Philippines, Puerto Rico, and Samoa; Whereas the foods first brought to Hawaii were simple, hearty fare of working men and women that reminded the men and women of their distant homes; Whereas individuals in Hawaii, in the spir-it of Aloha, shared favorite dishes with each other, and as a result, the individuals began to appreciate new tastes and learned how to bring new ideas into their cooking; Whereas the blend of styles in Hawaiian cooking evolves as new groups of individuals make Hawaii their home; Whereas the fusion of dishes from around the world creates a unique cuisine for Hawaii that is as much a part of a visit to Hawaii as the welcoming climate, friendly individuals, and beautiful beaches in Hawaii; Whereas the food of Hawaii is appealing be-cause it came from hard-working commu-nities of individuals that farmed, fished, or ranched for their livelihoods, which are core experiences of individuals throughout the United States; and Whereas the growing appreciation for the food of Hawaii comes from hard-working and ingenious farmers, fishers, educators, ranch-ers, chefs, and businesses that innovate and export the taste of Hawaii all over the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning on June 12, 2016, as ‘‘National Hawaiian Food Week’’; and (2) recognizes the contributions of Hawaii to the culinary heritage of the United States. f NATIONAL CANCER RESEARCH MONTH Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 459 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 459) recognizing the importance of cancer research and the vital contributions of scientists, clinicians, cancer survivors, and other patient advocates across the United States who are dedicated to find-ing a cure for cancer, and designating May 2016, as ‘‘National Cancer Research Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ROUNDS. I further ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 459) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of May 9, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 26, 2016 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 26; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.053 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3229 May 25, 2016 
the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the motion to proceed to S. 2943, postcloture; finally, that all time during adjournment, recess, and morn-ing business count postcloture on the motion to proceed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order, following the remarks of Senator W
HITEHOUSE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am back with my increasingly scuffed and battered ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ sign now for the 138th time to urge that we stop sleepwalking through history. Cli-mate change, as we know, is already harming our oceans and our farms, our health and our communities. Yet here in the Senate we continue to just stand idly by as carbon pollution piles up in the atmosphere, driving unprecedented changes in our States. I urge us again to wake up and to act with urgency. Just 3 years ago the monitoring sta-tion atop Hawaii’s Mauna Loa meas-ured a significant milestone—400 parts per million of carbon dioxide in the at-mosphere. This chart of the data from Mauna Loa illustrates the negligible march upwards of our carbon levels. And it is not just at this one spot in the Pacific. The World Meteorological Organization maintains a global atmosphere watch network of atmospheric monitoring stations that spans 100 countries, in-cluding stations high in the Alps, Andes, Himalayas, as well as in the Arctic and Antarctic. Earlier this month, the Cape Grim Station—per-haps aptly named—in remote north-western Tasmania saw its first meas-urement above 400 parts per million. A few days later, Casey Station in Ant-arctica measured carbon dioxide con-centrations above 400 parts per million. What is significant about 400 parts per million? The Earth has existed in a range between 170 and 300 parts per million of carbon dioxide for at least the last 800,000 years—probably mil-lions of years but at least the last 800,000 years. Homo sapiens as a species have only been around for about 200,000 years, so 800,000 really goes back a ways. Primitive farming began only about 20,000 years ago. Before that, we were just hunter-gatherers. So 800,000 in that context is a long, safe, com-fortable run for this planet that has been very good to humankind in that carbon concentration window of 170 to 300. Since the Industrial Revolution, when the great carbon dump began, we have completely blown out of that range. At the bottom of this chart is 300. What is also apparent in this chart is the breathing, if you will, of the plan-et. The sawtooth effect of this line comes from carbon dioxide levels changing as spring triggers the collec-tive inhale of trees and other plant life in the Northern Hemisphere. This is another version of the same data. The line at the border between the white and the lavender is the car-bon data for the year 2011—between 388 and 393 parts per million, going up and then going back down and then going up as the Earth inhales and exhales the carbon dioxide. In 2012, this was the line, up above 2011. In 2013, this was the line. In 2014, this was the line. In 2015— it is hard to see, but it is right here where my finger is tracing and then on-ward from here. And this is 2016 to date, and then the data stops. It is going to continue. That shelf is just the data ending because of the time of year we are in. So every single year we see the carbon dioxide levels marching up and up and up. Dr. Ralph Keeling is director of the Mauna Loa CO
2Program at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography and a sort of hero among scientists. He has said that he doubts carbon dioxide levels at Mauna Loa will ever again dip below 400 parts per million. As our carbon pollution accumulates, we can actually measure the change in the amount of energy trapped by the atmosphere from the Sun. NOAA calls this the ‘‘Annual Greenhouse Gas Index,’’ and the latest edition shows that in just the past 25 years, our car-bon emissions have increased the heat- trapping capacity of our atmosphere by 50 percent above preindustrial levels. That is our doing. The director of NOAA’s Global Moni-toring Division, Dr. Jim Butler, said: ‘‘We’re dialing up Earth’s thermostat in a way that will lock more heat into the ocean and atmosphere for thou-sands of years.’’ Last week the Washington Post re-ported that both NOAA and NASA found April 2016 to have been the warmest April ever recorded. What is remarkable is that April was the 12th consecutive month in a row in which that month was the warmest ever re-corded for that month. That is a full year’s worth of months that topped every previous such month for tem-perature, and it is the longest streak ever in NOAA’s 137-year temperature record. One thing we know about all of this excess heat is that the oceans have ab-sorbed more than 90 percent of it. You think things are weird now with the weather, imagine if the oceans had not absorbed more than 90 percent of that excess heat. That is a measurement, not a theory. Unless we are going to re-peal the laws of physics, we know that when water warms from absorbing that 90-plus percent of the heat energy, it expands. That is the law of thermal ex-pansion. As a result, sea levels around the world are measurably rising be-cause oceans are warming and expand-ing, as well as because of ice sheets and glaciers melting. Sea level rise is a serious matter for my constituents and for all coastal communities. We measure approxi-mately 10 inches of sea level rise at Naval Station Newport, RI, since the 1930s. Higher sea levels erode our shore-line. They push saltwater up into our marshes. Worst of all, from our human perspective, the big storms that get launched in this weather come riding ashore on higher seas, and they inflict more damage and worse flooding in our homes. A couple of years ago, I visited South Florida with our friend Senator NEL-
SON. In parts of Miami and Fort Lau-derdale, sea water continues to flood streets and homes at high tide on per-fectly calm and sunny days. It is not rain. These flooding events are occur-ring because sea level is rising. A study published in February by Cli-mate Central determined climate change was to blame for approximately three-quarters of the coastal floods re-corded in the United States between 2005 and 2014, most of which were high- tide floods. The blue is the natural floods they experienced and the red is the flooding that was driven by climate change. Dr. Ben Strauss, who led this anal-ysis, said: ‘‘[T]his is really the first placing of human fingerprints on coast-al floods, and thousands of them.’’ And the body of science revealing those human fingerprints from climate change is growing. In the past, I have said that climate change ‘‘loads the dice’’ for extreme weather, but it is hard to link a particular event to cli-mate change. That is beginning to change as the science continues to de-velop and the evidence continues to pile up. In March, the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine released a report outlining a rigorous science-based system for attributing extreme weather events to climate change with statistical confidence. In other words, scientists are now able to assess how the risk of an extreme weather event has changed since these heat-trapping greenhouse gases have altered our climate. Certain kinds of extreme events are relatively straightforward to assess and attribute heat waves, heavy rains, certain types of drought. Other kinds of extreme events, such as tornadoes, wildfires, and the frequency and inten-sity of hurricanes, are more com-plicated to dissect. For example, heat waves are expected to become more common, more in-tense, and longer lasting because of the increase in heat-trapping gases in the atmosphere. An analysis of an extreme heat wave last May in Australia found it was made 23 times more likely to have happened because of climate change. When the odds in favor have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.074 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3230 May 25, 2016 
become so great, it is fair to say, ac-cording to one scientist associated with that report, that ‘‘some episodes of extreme heat would have been vir-tually impossible without climate change.’’ The attribution to specific events is closing in. Dr. Heidi Cullen, chief scientist at Climate Central and a contributor to the National Academies report, has said: 
The days of saying no single weather event can be linked to climate change are over. For many extreme weather events, the link is now strong. 
Australian researchers have deter-mined that the ocean warming that led to widespread and devastating coral bleaching on the Great Barrier Reef in March was made not 23 times more likely but 175 times more likely by human-caused climate change. Average water temperatures in the Coral Sea are up about 1.5 degrees Celsius since 1900. We measure that. And about one- half of that 1.5 degrees is due to nat-ural variability, and 1 whole degree of it is from greenhouse gas emissions. David Kline, a coral reef scientist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanog-raphy, has said: ‘‘We’ve had evidence before’’ that ‘‘human-induced climate change is behind the increase in sever-ity and frequency of bleaching events. But this is the smoking gun.’’ By the way, a bleaching event on a coral reef is like a heart attack in a human. The reef may survive it, but it will take a long time to recover, and very often the reef simply dies. With all of that happening, here we are in this Chamber, sitting on our hands, helpless. We have a responsibility, not only to the voters of today but to the generations who will follow us and in-herit the world as we leave it to them. Here is how Professor of Oceanog-raphy, Dr. Laura Faye Tenenbaum, at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, de-scribes her predicament: As a college professor who lectures on cli-mate change, I will have to find a way to look into those 70 sets of eyes that have learned all semester long to trust me and somehow explain to those students, my stu-dents—who still believe in their young minds that success mostly depends on good grades and hard work, who believe in fairness, evenhandedness and opportunity—how much we as people have altered our environment, and that they will end up facing the con-sequences of our inability to act. 
Where do we look for leadership? Not to one of the leading Presidential con-tenders. This character says he is just ‘‘not a great believer in man-made cli-mate change.’’ So there. Like the science cares what his opinion is. All the science? The decades of research by thousands of scientists across the globe, the pride of the scientific profes-sion? It is a ‘‘hoax,’’ he said, a ‘‘con job,’’ ‘‘pseudoscience,’’ and ‘‘BS.’’ I guess in that latter characterization, he can claim some real expertise. To my Republican colleagues, I have to ask: Is that really the line that we want to have about this problem? Is this your guy? Are you going to stand by him on this stuff? But wait, it actually gets better. Yes-terday POLITICO reported the New York billionaire is also applying for permission to build a seawall. He is a wall-building kind of guy, and he wants to build a seawall to protect his seaside golf resort. What does he want to pro-tect his golf resort from with a wall— rapist Mexicans coming across the bor-der? No. What he wants to defend his seaside golf resort from with a wall is ‘‘global warming and its effects.’’ Remember the sea level rise I talked about? That is correct. That is what he said. Climate change is a hoax when his political interests dictate, but then it is real and a threat when his economic interests are involved. Throughout the discussion of climate change, how often we see this—say one thing, do another. I have to close by reminding my col-leagues that my home State of Rhode Island is the Ocean State. We cannot fail to take climate change seriously. If this is uncomfortable for my col-leagues, I apologize, but I don’t care. I have obligations to my State that I must discharge. We in Rhode Island are going to stand with America’s leading research institutions and scientists, we are going to stand with our national security experts, we are going to stand with the great American corporations such as Apple, Google, Mars, and Na-tional Grid, we are going to stand with President Obama, and we are going to stand with Pope Francis to do every-thing we can to face this climate chal-lenge head-on. I hope that soon one day it will be time when we can all wake up and stand together. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:52 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, May 26, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate May 25, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
PATRICK A. BURKE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.076 S25MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE785 May 25, 2016 
ZIKA VECTOR CONTROL ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 897, the so-called ‘‘Zika Vector Control Act.’’ This legislation, which has appeared four times before this chamber in the past two years, in no way addresses the serious mos-quito control or Zika virus concerns con-fronting communities I have the honor of rep-resenting in Houston and Harris County, Texas. Instead, this bill would create a loophole in the Clean Water Act to exempt pesticide spraying from current permitting requirements that most mosquito control districts and state agencies already have, including Harris Coun-ty Public Health & Environmental Services. I hosted an event with my colleague, Con-gressman A
LGREEN , last Friday at El Centro de Corazon health clinic in Houston’s East End, where we urged Congress to fully fund the Administration’s request for $1.9 billion in emergency funding to combat Zika. Houston and Harris County are particularly exposed to Zika due to our region’s climate, many bay-ous, and the presence of the Aedes mosquito species, the carrier of the Zika virus. For the people of Houston and Harris Coun-ty, this emergency finding is essential to pro-tect our nation’s fourth largest city from a Zika outbreak that has devastated countless com-munities in Latin America. I urge the House Majority to abstain from using the fears over Zika as a Trojan horse for legislation that will create unnecessary loop-holes in our environmental laws, and to bring to the floor H.R. 5044, emergency appropria-tions for $1.9 billion to combat Zika, for a vote as soon as possible. 
f 
TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I am unable to vote on H.R. 2576, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, on May 24, 2016. I plan to vote on H.R. 2576, and I will vote aye. I strongly support the sensible regulation of toxic chemicals. Under the current Toxic Sub-stances Control Act, the Environmental Pro-tection Agency is extremely limited when regu-lating toxic chemicals, as the bill has not been significantly updated since its enactment in 1976. The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act will greatly in-crease the scope and authority of the EPA to identify and regulate harmful chemicals. The legislation passed will subject all new and existing chemicals to an EPA review and will further protect the American people by strengthening transparency by requiring EPA to provide the public with more information about toxic chemicals. This legislation also provides EPA with the authority to restrict the use of chemical substances which put the public and our environment at unreasonable risk. Congress has the responsibility to protect the health and safety of all Americans. This legislation will improve current law and ad-vance our efforts in protecting every American from harmful toxic chemicals. f 
TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2576, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, specifies that the Administrator, in selecting among prohibi-tions and other restrictions for chemical sub-stances that present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment, shall con-sider an evaluation of alternative substances. In evaluating alterative substances, the Admin-istrator, ‘‘shall consider, to the extent prac-ticable, whether technically and economically feasible alternatives that benefit health or the environment, compared to the use so pro-posed to be prohibited or restricted, will be reasonably available as a substitute when the proposed prohibition or other restriction takes effect.’’ Additionally, the Administrator may grant an exemption from a prohibition or other restric-tion on a chemical substance if the ‘‘specific condition of use is a critical or essential use for which no technically and economically fea-sible safer alternative is available, taking into consideration hazard and exposure.’’ A technically feasible alternative substance is intended to mean a chemical for which: the technical knowledge, equipment, materials, and other resources available in the market-place are expected to be sufficient to develop and implement the alternative, and to meet consumer demand after a phase-in period; the product that contains the alternative substance can continue to comply with all applicable legal requirements; the product that contains the alternative substance can continue to com-ply with all applicable safety standards and regulatory approval or certification require-ments applicable to the product; and, the con-sumer accepts the product as made with the alternative substance. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on May 23, 2016, on Roll Call Number 229 on the Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 4889, Kelsey Smith Act, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, As Amended, H.R. 4889. On May 23, 2016, on Roll Call Number 230 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 3998, Securing Ac-cess to Networks in Disasters Act, I am not re-corded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 3998. 
f 
TAIWANESE ELECTION AND INAUGURATION 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, as a longtime friend of Taiwan, I rise to congratulate the country’s people on their recent presidential elections and President-elect Tsai Ing-wen on her victory. A respected leader in trade and national security, the country’s first-ever fe-male president, Tsai Ing-wen, is setting a great example for governments around the globe. The people of Taiwan should be proud of their strong democratic institutions, freedom of expression, and open elections. This joint ap-preciation and application of democracy have brought our two countries together. We have been fortunate to work hand-in- hand on many critical issues. One example is Congress’ recent effort to expand the Visa Waiver Program so citizens of Taiwan and the United States can travel freely between both countries. These visits allow for increased economic cooperation between our govern-ments, the exchange of ideas and culture, and the development of long-lasting relationships. I am proud to represent a large and thriving Taiwanese-American population living in Las Vegas and my congressional district, where they have made valuable contributions to our culture, economy, and society. Again, I send my best wishes to President- elect Tsai and the people of Taiwan as you celebrate her history-making inauguration and look forward to working with you all as we grow our democratic partnership. I hope you will visit us soon, either in Las Vegas or Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.001 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE786 May 25, 2016 
HONORING BOB OPSAHL 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize the service of Bob Opsahl, the early evening news anchor for Cox Media Group Orlando’s Channel 9 Eye-witness News. After nearly 38 years of faithful work with the television station, Bob Opsahl will be retiring this week. In 1978, Bob joined the WFTV Eyewitness News Team as a general assignment reporter, and began anchoring on the weekends in 1980. Since then, Bob Opsahl has become a familiar face as a trusted and consistent evening newscast anchor in Central Florida. After serving four years in the U.S. Navy, Bob graduated from the University of Central Florida in 1976 with a major in Radio and Tel-evision Communications. Opsahl later re-ceived the Distinguished Alumnus Award from his alma mater, and has been widely recog-nized for his community involvement, specific attention to special needs children, and excel-lence in journalism and reporting. Through the decades, Bob Opsahl covered many major events such as the Challenger and Columbia space shuttle tragedies, Hurri-cane Andrew’s impact in South Florida, the in-auguration of President George H.W. Bush, the 2000 Florida recount, and the Casey An-thony Trial. Bob Opsahl has been a reliable familiar and trusted news source, relaying it with clarity and heart. Bob will be missed in Central Florida. 
f 
HONORING WADE CLARK ROOF 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Wade Clark Roof, who is retiring as the Director of the Walter H. Capps Center at the University of California at Santa Barbara. Wade has had a distinguished career as a leader, educator, and colleague on California’s central coast and exemplifies the qualities of a true academic. Wade graduated from Wofford University in 1961 magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa. Having formed an interest in theological studies and religion, Wade moved to New Haven, Connecticut where he studied at Yale University, receiving his Master of Di-vinity degree in 1964, before earning a Ph.D. in Sociology at the University of North Caro-lina in 1971. Following the completion of his doctorate, Wade accepted a professorship at the Univer-sity of Massachusetts, Amherst where he taught research methods for studying religion, religious pluralism, and religion and society. In 1989, Wade moved to the University of Cali-fornia at Santa Barbara (UCSB), where he was named the Rowny Professor of Religion and Society. He has been an irreplaceable part of the UCSB community ever since. Wade is a gifted educator who constantly challenges his students to reflect on the changing roles of religion in society and ana-lyze how changes in religion, faith, and spiritu-ality have affected how we define ourselves as Americans. He is also a prolific author. Throughout his academic career Wade has produced many works of scholarship, including 17 books and edited collections, 88 journal ar-ticles and book chapters, and dozens of news-paper editorials. In addition, he has provided professional commentary for various media outlets including Time, Newsweek, New York Times, Washington Post, and the LA Times. It is also important to note that Wade is a trusted colleague and friend, something I have experienced firsthand. Wade worked with my husband Walter in the Department of Reli-gious Studies at UCSB. After Walter’s pass-ing, Wade raised $2 million in matching funds to establish the Walter H. Capps Center for the Study of Ethics, Religion, and Public Life at UCSB. Serving as the center’s founding di-rector from 2002 to 2016, Wade has dem-onstrated an unwavering commitment to the center’s mission: ‘‘the belief that public dia-logue and an informed and engaged citizenry are vital to democratic society.’’ He is a dear friend, and I am so grateful for his indispen-sable contributions to honor Walter’s legacy through the Capps Center and their innovative programming. Wade has announced his retirement and will be starting a new chapter. He can do so knowing that his work and influence have been immeasurable and will continue to have an effect on his students and the entire UCSB community for many years to come. I am pleased to celebrate Wade’s countless achievements and I would like to express my utmost gratitude for his service to his students and community. I wish him nothing but contin-ued success in his retirement. f 
HONORING THE ALICE HIGH SCHOOL ACADEMIC DECATHLON TEAM 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and congratulate the Alice, Texas High School Academic Decathlon Team for winning the state title. After countless hours of study-ing and preparation, their record-breaking per-formance demonstrates the remarkable talent and dedication of these bright students. The Alice team is the first Title 1 school— one with a disproportionate number of stu-dents from low-income families—to win an Academic Decathlon at any level in Texas. They defeated 29 other qualifying schools to claim the state championship. After 14 con-secutive regional titles won by Alice teams, this year’s squad shattered the previous 5A state record by scoring 50,292 points in the competition. Alice High School is one of only eight institutions to score above 50,000 points in the 30-year history of the Texas Academic Decathlon. I also want to recognize the coaches, teach-ers, parents, school administrators, and every-one who has helped in developing the minds of these champions. Their support, and that of other role models, has contributed greatly to the past decade and a half of success at Alice High School. Success in Academic Decathlon competi-tions requires levels of commitment and prep-aration that go well beyond what is asked of a typical high schooler. Each round consists of ten events, including a seven-minute interview, an essay, two speeches, and comprehensive written exams in subjects from music to lit-erature to economics. Not only did these Alice students outperform the competition, they did so with fewer resources and advantages than many of their opponents. I commend these students for studying many hours each week to prepare for the State Academic Decathlon competition, and for bringing home the top prize. The future could hardly be brighter for each of them. I rise today to share my congratulations and ap-plaud their efforts. f 
CELEBRATING THE 125TH ANNI-VERSARY OF BETHANY UNITED CHURCH OF CHRIST 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and a privilege to bring to the House’s attention the 125th Anniversary of the Bethany United Church of Christ located in Bethlehem, Penn-sylvania, and to offer congratulations to the congregation. Bethany UCC, located at the corner of 5th Avenue and West Market Street in Bethlehem, was originally founded in order to provide a conveniently located place of worship for the western portion of Bethlehem that would help alleviate the over-crowding at the First Re-formed Church of Christ in the City. One hundred twenty five years later, Beth-any UCC continues to thrive with an engaged congregation who immerse themselves in their community to aid and enrich the lives of oth-ers through service, fellowship, and music. My heartfelt congratulations are extended to the members of the Bethany United Church of Christ on this 125th Anniversary. I believe I speak on behalf of the community when I thank them for their efforts on behalf of the people of the Lehigh Valley. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to join me in offering well wishes and congratulations to the men and women of Bethlehem’s Bethany United Church of Christ. May the next 125 years foster additional congregational growth and provide further opportunities for continued service and fellowship within the Bethlehem community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF HELENE M. WHITAKER FOR THIRTY-ONE YEARS OF SERVICE TO NORTH-AMPTON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Helene M. Whitaker, vice presi-dent for administrative affairs at Northampton Community College, where she is responsible for government relations, planning, institutional research, human resources, and labor rela-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25MY8.003 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE787 May 25, 2016 
Few people have had as significant an im-pact on Northampton’s outreach to students and the community as Helene. She has worked with state legislators from the Lehigh Valley to support the conversion of the former Bethlehem Steel plant offices into the Fowler Family Southside Center—a hub of education and workforce development to which tens of thousands of people flock each year. She also was instrumental in garnering public funding critical to the construction of a new campus to serve citizens of Monroe County. Highly respected both on campus and off, she is the recipient of numerous awards, in-cluding the Athena Award presented by the Bethlehem Chamber of Commerce, the Out-standing Woman of the Year Award presented by the Bethlehem YWCA, the Women’s Lead-ership Award presented by the Allentown YWCA, the Woman of Distinction Award pre-sented by the Great Valley Girl Scouts, the Courageous Woman of the Year Award pre-sented by Lehigh Valley Hospital, the Alumnae Award and Associates Award from Cedar Crest College, and the Pennsylvanians with Disabilities Award. She was named a ‘‘Mover and Shaper’’ by Lehigh Valley Magazine and an honorary alumna by the NCC Alumni Asso-ciation. Last, but certainly not least, she was a national finalist in the White House Fellows Program. Her commitment to improving the quality of life in the community is reflected in her current or past service on the Lehigh Valley Planning Commission, the City of Bethlehem Zoning Board, and the boards of ArtsQuest, Musikfest, the Banana Factory, the Fine Arts Commission, the Northampton County Devel-opment Corporation, the Northampton County Open Space Advisory Board, Cedar Crest Col-lege, Northampton County United Way, Turn-ing Point of the Lehigh Valley, and the former Allentown State Hospital. Helene earned a master’s in public adminis-tration at Lehigh University, a master of arts in government at Villanova University, and a bachelor of arts at Cedar Crest College. Prior to joining the staff at Northampton Community College in 1985, she was a community and government affairs representative in the public affairs department at Bethlehem Steel Cor-poration. I wish her well in her retirement—it is certainly well-earned. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ALL AMERICAN WEEK AT FORT BRAGG 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of All American Week at Fort Bragg, the epicenter of the universe. This week recog-nizes the 82nd Airborne Division stationed at Fort Bragg which will be celebrating their 99th Anniversary this summer. To kick off the week, more than 15,000 paratroopers participated in a four mile run led by Maj. Gen. Richard D. Clarke, who is the 82nd Airborne Division’s commanding general. They were joined by dozens of veterans who cheered on the participants from the sidelines. This year’s event was particularly special be-cause of the large number of paratroopers who were able to attend. However, we re-member and celebrate the approximately 3,000 paratroopers that are currently deployed around the world and were unable to partici-pate. During All American Week, paratroopers and veterans will be joined by their loved ones in a week full of events that celebrate the rich history and legacy of the 82nd Airborne Divi-sion; ranging from picnics and reunions to a memorial ceremony remembering those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for their country. Our men and women in uniform reflect the best our nation has to offer and events like these are an important way to honor their commitment. The paratroopers of the 82nd Airborne Division are the tip of the spear and maintain a constant state of readiness, able to be deployed in a moment’s notice to defend our nation. I am eternally grateful for the sac-rifice of these brave patriots and am honored to serve them in Congress. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in cele-brating All American Week at Fort Bragg hon-oring the 82nd Airborne Division. f 
OPIOID BILLS PACKAGE 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the package of opioid bills consid-ered by the House this week, which is a com-prehensive approach that aims to address the country’s opioid crisis. America is experiencing an opioid addiction epidemic that is striking people of all incomes, races, and backgrounds. Every day, 78 Ameri-cans die from an opioid overdose—this is un-acceptable. The urgency of this public health epidemic is clear and this legislation is an im-portant first step to addressing this crisis. This package includes a number of impor-tant measures, including a provision to expand the availability of nalaxone and other overdose reversal drugs. It also encourages criminal jus-tice agencies to integrate and sustain Medica-tion-Assisted Treatment (MAT) programs. An-other notable provision creates an inter-agen-cy task force that encourages collaboration among the many agencies that come in con-tact with addicts—pertaining to criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, and veteran affairs—and promotes a holistic approach to dealing with the crisis. While the package includes these important bipartisan provisions, I am deeply concerned that Congressional Republicans refused to allow a vote on a provision to provide the re-sources necessary to support this new strat-egy. Congressman J
OECOURTNEY offered an amendment to provide an additional $600 mil-lion, which is also the President’s request, in emergency funds. Sadly, it was rejected by all voting House Republicans from being consid-ered on the floor. The funding would provide necessary resources to meaningfully address the increasing tragedy of this crisis. Our states and districts urgently need funding now. Despite these shortcomings, I support this legislation as a step in the right direction. In the coming weeks, I urge Republicans to work on a bipartisan basis to provide the emer-gency funding necessary to fully confront this crisis. WELCOMING JUSTIN MCELWEE TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in welcoming my constituent, Mr. Justin McElwee, to Congressional Foster Youth Shadow Day. Today, I am honored to be joined by Justin McElwee, who is shadowing me as part of the 2016 Congressional Foster Youth Day. Throughout his time with me, I have had the opportunity to learn more about Justin and he has had the opportunity to learn more about my work in Congress. Justin is a remarkable young man who has dedicated himself to the work of fighting for a better future for young individuals in poverty and those in foster care. Justin is studying international relations with the hope of working with international organizations who battle for the downtrodden in the United States and around the world. Justin’s commitment to serve his fellow man, especially young individ-uals like himself, is commendable. I am hon-ored to have had the opportunity to meet such a remarkable young individual. Justin is living proof that the circumstances of youth can be used to help shape a brilliant future. Foster Youth Shadow Day, launched in 2011, provides Members of Congress the op-portunity to meet foster youth in order to dis-cuss and develop policy recommendations to strengthen the child welfare system and im-prove the overall well-being of youth and fami-lies throughout the United States. It has been an honor to take part in this program Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I applaud Mr. Justin McElwee for his dedication to serve those in his community and commitment to helping young individuals like him to build a bright fu-ture. 
f 
PEARLAND ISD EMPLOYEES OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the following Principals of Pearland Independent School District for being named Employee of the Year. Each school year, principals, teachers and staff members are recognized by the school district with various awards as a reflection of their hard work and dedication to their stu-dents and the school as a whole. This year five employees were awarded with the title ‘‘Employee of the Year’’: Cindy Brown from the Education Support Center, Sharon Harper from the Food Service, Charlie Saenz from Maintenance, Laura Aguilar from Operations, and Abel Garza from Transportation. These employees go above and beyond to support the students and faculty in Pearland and we thank them for their exceptional service. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to these dedicated Pearland ISD staff mem-bers for being named Employees of the Year. We thank them for all that they do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.004 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE788 May 25, 2016 
IN HONOR OF AMBASSADOR F. HADYN WILLIAMS 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of my dear friends of the WWII Memo-rial. It is with deepest sympathy I am unable to attend the Celebration of Life Ceremony to honor Ambassador Hadyn Williams, a cham-pion of liberty’s legacy. With this regret, I send a few words to remember Ambassador Wil-liams and all he did to create the centerpiece Memorial, which preserves rightful attention to the greatest generation. 
Ambassador F. Hadyn Williams had a long and distinguished career in international de-velopment, diplomacy and public service, one that demonstrated a lifetime of integ-rity and a duty to country, which left a last-ing legacy for future generations. I had the honor to work closely with Am-bassador Williams. Together, we along with other great champions implemented the idea of honoring the 16 million brave and dedi-cated men and women who served in World War II—over 400,000 of whom never came home to their loved ones—with a glorious memorial on the National Mall—America’s front yard—between the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument. The five million people who visit the World War II Memorial every year owe a small debt of gratitude for Ambassador Williams’ role in this tribute. Ambassador Williams had a remarkable lifetime of achievements—with service in World War II; in academia at the University of California, Berkeley and Tufts University, as a student and then as a professor and ad-ministrator; as a public servant, serving as a deputy assistant secretary in the Defense Department under both Presidents Eisen-hower and Kennedy; as a diplomat as the longest-serving President of the Asia Foun-dation; and as Chairman of the American Battle Monuments Commission’s World War II Memorial Committee. Ambassador Williams will be remembered for his service and devotion to others, his vi-sion, his commitment, and his contribution to honor our World War II veterans and to preserve this lasting memory. 
Ambassador Williams’ memory will live on through the fruits of his achievements. 
f 
HONORING TERESA LEAL 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Teresa Leal, a passionate historian and activist and curator of the Pimeria Alta Historical Society Museum. Teresa passed away on May 1, 2016 in Nogales, Arizona at the place dearest to her, the museum at which she proudly worked for over 20 years. Teresa’s roots are every bit as eclectic as our nation as a whole, with lineage tracing back to Mexican, Chinese and Opata native ancestors. Born in Navojoa, Sonora, she was raised in Tucson, Arizona, and attended Cat-alina High School. Teresa was only sixteen years old when she joined the United Farm Workers to educate female cotton workers on the risks they faced at their jobs. As a young girl, her mother, Isabel Leal, was a chef to the United States Ambassador to the court of St. James in Great Britain, Lewis Douglas, who later became Teresa’s friend and mentor. Growing up, Teresa was fortunate to meet im-portant figures in the reconstruction of the post-World War II world like John McCloy, the postwar High Commissioner of Germany. After graduation she enrolled at the University of San Carlos in Guatemala where she studied social anthropology. Teresa later came back to Nogales, Sonora where she spent the rest of her life. In 1986, Teresa founded the women’s group known as Proyecto Comadres, where she ad-dressed labor, environmental, and civil rights issues concerning women who labored at the ‘‘maquiladoras’’ in Nogales, Sonora. As the group’s membership grew they expanded their efforts to include women who faced domestic violence and economic or family struggles. At the same time she served as a substitute teacher in Mexico. Teresa also worked with the Binational Health Council to examine health issues affecting both sides of the Nogales border, as well as the nongovern-mental organization Gente de I’itoi in Sonora, where she trained indigenous women as health educators throughout the Yaqui, Seri and Tohono tribes. Teresa was the grantee re-cipient from the Southwest Network for Envi-ronmental and Economic Justice and also a member of the National Advisory Council for the North American Commission for Environ-mental Cooperation. Teresa was also a freelance journalist, working with La Voz Del Norte newspaper in Sonora from 1984–1989 and the Nogales International Newspaper, among several other publications. Teresa ended her career as the curator of Pimeria Alta Historical Society Mu-seum, where family, friends, and colleagues remembered her as a selfless person com-mitted to keeping local history alive. Southern Arizona and the borderlands will miss Teresa Leal’s passion, sense of justice, and love of her community. Teresa leaves a living legacy of leadership, empowerment, and a commitment to social and economic justice. This legacy will continue to make all of us bet-ter and our community a better place. f 
HONORING RAY SCARPELLI & RAY CHEVROLET 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ray Chevrolet and their President, Ray Scarpelli, who are celebrating their 25th Anni-versary of doing business in Fox Lake. Starting with a small inventory of cars in 1991, Ray Chevrolet now has over 130 em-ployees and is one of the top-selling auto dealerships in Illinois. They have won numer-ous customer service awards, including the 2016 Customer Satisfaction Award from DealerRater, a dealer review website. Part of the success of their business has been the dealership’s commitment to give back to the community. Each year, Ray Chev-rolet partners with the USO of Illinois to put on a BBQ for the Troops event to thank our local service members and their families. I am proud to have been able to join Ray and his team for this program. Since 1991, they have also been supporting area high schools and new drivers by donating cars to their driver’s education departments. Ray has attributed Ray Chevrolet’s success to their dedication to treating customers with respect, ‘‘the way you’d like to be treated.’’ Their 25 years in business proves what small business owners across the 10th Congres-sional District of Illinois know to be true: cus-tomers stay loyal when you treat them with re-spect. Mr. Speaker, I offer my sincere thanks to Ray, and the Ray Chevrolet team, for all they do for our local economy and our community. f 
IN HONOR OF LANCE CORPORAL RICHARD PEREZ 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor an American hero, Lance Cor-poral Richard G. Perez. Lance Corporal Richard G. Perez, a con-stituent of the 29th District recently passed away on April 29th, 2016. I have had the pleasure of knowing Mr. Perez for many years now and am familiar with his courageous ac-tions during the Vietnam War. On the afternoon of February 7, 1967 Lance Corporal Perez’s patrol was suddenly attacked by approximately 30 Viet Cong using gre-nades and small arms fire. During the attack, Lance Corporal Perez took extraordinarily courageous action to stop the enemy threat against the left flank where he received several abdominal gunshot wounds. Despite his wounds he continued to fight on and encouraged his fellow marines to stop the attack. His heroic actions on that day were an in-spiration to all who observed him and were in keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Marine Corps and United States Naval Service. Lance Corporal Perez was awarded the Bronze Star for his actions on that day. I offer my condolences to the family and friends of Richard Perez, his wife of 43 years Betty Jean Perez, his children Richard Jr., Carolina and Eloy and I offer the thanks of a grateful nation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE IMPOR-TANCE OF BUILDING ENERGY CODES AND ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the importance of building energy codes. As a member of the High Performance Building Caucus, I recognize the need to pur-sue cost effective means to promote energy efficiency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.009 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE789 May 25, 2016 
American homes and commercial buildings consume 71 percent of our nation’s electricity, 54 percent of its natural gas, and 42 percent of all its energy. The model residential and commercial building energy codes developed by the International Code Council and ASHRAE, the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating, and Air-Conditioning Engineers, have the potential to benefit both consumers and the environment. The Department of En-ergy’s Building Energy Codes Program partici-pates in this process by researching, further developing, and implementing these codes. A study of this program by the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory found that model energy codes saved consumers roughly $44 billion and cut greenhouse gas emissions by nearly 3.9 billion metric tons over the past 20 years. In addition, the energy efficiency gained by updating building energy codes stands to sta-bilize the U.S. demand for electricity and de-crease the need to construct more power plants. The economic and environmental benefits of model building codes are also appreciated by homebuyers. According to a 2013 survey con-ducted by the National Association of Home Builders, 9 out of 10 Americans will pay 2 to 3 percent more for a new home with energy efficient features. Homeowners understand that having an energy efficient home reduces monthly utility bills and provides long-lasting savings. Additionally, many homebuyers are aware that energy efficient features make their homes quieter and more comfortable, while also raising their resale values. Mr. Speaker, it is clear from all of the bene-fits gained from building energy codes that we should continue to support upgrading model codes, adopting the codes in state and local jurisdictions, and improving compliance. This will save Americans money, contribute to our nation’s energy security, and help protect our environment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF NEPTUNE HOSE COMPANY NO. 1 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Long Branch Fire Depart-ment’s Neptune Hose Company No. 1 on the 150th anniversary of its founding. Neptune Hose Company No. 1 continues to live up to its motto ‘‘Semper Paratus’’ (‘‘Always Ready’’) to ensure the safety of Long Branch residents and its dedication is truly deserving of this body’s recognition. The first organized fire company in Mon-mouth County, Neptune Hose Company No. 1, originally known as the Neptune Hook and Ladder Company No. 1, was founded by Dr. James O. Green in 1866. The name was changed in September 1877 to reflect Long Branch’s new public water system and fire hy-drants. Initially maintained by share and stock holders, the company chartered as Neptune Hose Company No. 1 on November 10, 1877. Over the years, the company was housed at different locations, finally settling at its current property in January 1906. It underwent ren-ovations from 1974 until 1975 to update and expand the structure and again in 2007 to re-pair and restore the second floor. Neptune Hose Company No. 1 was one of the three fire companies, along with Oceanic Fire Engine Company No. 1 and the Atlantic Fire Engine and Hook and Ladder Company No. 2, to organize the Long Branch Fire De-partment on November 2, 1878. Since the in-ception of the department, sixteen members of Neptune Hose Company No. 1 have served as Chief. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in recognizing the 150th anniver-sary of Neptune Hose Company No. 1 and thanking its members for upholding the duty to serve and protect the community. f 
GORDON CENTRAL MARCHING BAND 
HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Gordon Central High School Blue Wave Marching Band on being selected to perform in the 2016 National Me-morial Day Parade. The Blue Wave Marching Band was estab-lished in 1985 and has a long tradition of su-perior performances which have taken them all across our great country. This year the Blue Wave Band will be marching in honor of Lance Corporal Cody Kristopher Warren, a saxophone player and drum major for the Blue Wave Band who joined the Marines upon graduation. In 2006, Cody made the ultimate sacrifice for his country while serving in Iraq. I am proud and excited that the Blue Wave Marching Band is performing in his honor in this year’s National Memorial Day Parade. I wish them the best of luck as they bring a piece of Georgia to our nation’s capital. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ST. PAUL’S UNITED METHODIST CHURCH’S 50TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th anniversary of St. Paul’s United Methodist Church. St. Paul’s United Methodist Church is cele-brating 50 years of faithful service to the peo-ple of the Central Bucks County and War-rington area. Congratulations. This is a mile-stone for a church that has at its heart, faith and spirituality and a mission to fulfill the needs of all congregants. Devoted church leaders and pastors have overseen this spir-itual task throughout St. Paul’s 50-year history and continue on this same path, today. Since 1966, the church has grown to include more than one generation of faithful Christian fami-lies who care about each other and their neighbors. And for your 50 years of spiritual guidance, we extend our heartiest congratula-tions on this Golden Jubilee with sincere wish-es for continued growth and service in the coming years. PEARLAND ISD PARAPROFES-SIONALS OF THE YEAR HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the following paraprofessionals of Pearland Independent School District for being named Paraprofessionals of the Year. Each school year, principals, teachers and staff members are recognized by the school district with various awards as a reflection of their hard work and dedication to their stu-dents and the school as a whole. This year 23 paraprofessionals were awarded with the title ‘‘Paraprofessionals of the Year’’: Tara Randall from Carleston Elementary, Julie Putnam from Challenger Elementary, Sharleen Escobar from Cockrell Elementary, Jacob Chavarria from C.J. Harris Elementary, Laura Lemmon from Lawhon Elementary, Sherry Schluntz from Magnolia Elementary, Tara Pitre from Massey Ranch Elementary, Suzan Kimball from Rustic Oak Elementary, Kim Phillips from Shadycrest Elementary, Lawonza Hampton from Silvercrest Elementary, Mindy Bitner from Silverlake Elementary, Christine Coleman from Alexander Middle School, Kenneth Martin II from Jamison Middle School, Reginald Mitchell from Rogers Middle School, Aurelia Montes from Sablatura Middle School, Deborah Cooks from Berry Miller Junior High, Beth Powell from Pearland Junior High East, Armando Torres from Pearland Junior High South, Maria Salais from Pearland Junior High West, Rebecca Moreno from Dawson High School, April Shecterle from Pearland High School, Jure Mejia from Turner College and Career High School, and Maria Fogarty from the PACE Center. These paraprofessionals go above and beyond to inspire their students and create a supportive educational environ-ment. We are grateful for their commitment to education and providing a safe, inspirational learning environment for our students. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to these dedicated Pearland paraprofessionals for being named Paraprofessionals of the Year. We thank them for all that they do. 
f 
INTRODUCING A RESOLUTION CON-DEMNING THE DOG MEAT FES-TIVAL IN YULIN, GUANGXI ZHUANG AUTONOMOUS REGION, CHINA, AND URGING THE CHI-NESE GOVERNMENT TO END THE DOG MEAT TRADE 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a very important resolution con-demning the dog meat festival in Yulin, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China, and urging the Chinese Government to end their dog meat trade. The Dog Meat Festival begins on June 21st. More than 10,000 dogs are reported to be captured, transported in cages under horrific conditions, and slaughtered every year for this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.013 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE790 May 25, 2016 
Dog Meat festival, for human consumption, which poses a risk to human health by expos-ing people to a multitude of diseases, includ-ing rabies and cholera. In addition, more than 10 million dogs are killed annually in China for the dog meat trade. This festival epitomizes the cruelty of the industry. Many of these dogs are stolen from their owners and are still wear-ing their collars when they reach the slaugh-terhouses. Many die during transport to the slaughterhouses after days or weeks without food or water, and others suffer illness and in-jury during transport, such as broken bones. The festival takes place in residential areas and public marketplaces, imposing scenes of extreme animal cruelty on local residents, in-cluding young children who may, as a result, suffer psychological trauma and desensitiza-tion. It is a spectacle of extreme animal cruelty for commercial purposes. This practice, in my opinion, is completely unacceptable, and can be stopped by the diligent efforts of members of the Chinese government. Tens of millions of people around the world have called upon the Government of China, the Governor of the Guangxi Autonomous Re-gion, and the Mayor of Yulin to officially end the Dog Meat Festival and stop the mass slaughter of dogs all year round in Yulin. In addition, it is often wrongly assumed to be a Chinese tradition, however, the majority of people in China do not consume dog meat and dog meat is not a part of mainstream Chi-nese culinary practice. Millions of Chinese citi-zens recently voted in support of a legislative proposal by Zhen Xiaohe, a deputy to the Na-tional People’s Congress of China, to ban the dog meat trade. Alongside these voices, I have already written a letter to the Chairman of the National People’s Congress Standing Committee urging him to draft legislation to prohibit this festival from taking place ever again. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this resolution, and sincerely hope that the House Republican Leadership will bring this critically important measure to the floor without delay. 
f 
LIVING IN A WORLD OF MAKE BELIEVE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the VA is not the ‘‘Happiest Place on Earth.’’ It is not Disneyland, and our veterans are not living in a world of make-believe. Secretary McDonald should be ashamed of himself for belittling our veterans. Dying in line waiting for medical services is not the same as waiting for Mickey Mouse. Disneyland wait times are a matter of hours—not months. Reports find that nearly half of vets never see a doctor because of fail-ure of VA staff to schedule an appointment. The VA owes our veterans an apology. Vet-erans should be allowed to get vouchers for private physicians. Next week we observe Memorial Day—hon-oring our warriors who died for America. We also will honor those who fought in faraway- distant lands just to come home and be a cas-ualty of the VA’s incompetence. Secretary McDonald should be replaced with someone who respects America’s heroes and ensures that no one else dies in line wait-ing for care at the fault of the VA. And that’s just the way it is. f 
PHELAN RESIDENT NATHANIEL STOCKS RECEIVES AWARD FOR BRAVERY 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Nathaniel Stocks of Phelan, California. On Friday, May 13, 2016, Nathaniel was awarded the ‘‘Hope and Courage Award’’ from the Fire & Burn Foundation. Nathaniel was selected to receive this award because of his heroic actions during the early morning hours of November 7, 2015. A fire started in his bedroom and awoke five- year-old Nathaniel from his sleep. Fearing for the safety of his grandmother, young Nathan-iel crawled below the smoke to her bedroom and alerted her. Both Nathaniel and his grand-mother escaped from the home without injury. The San Bernardino County Fire Depart-ment also deserves recognition for their role during this incident. Just two days prior to the fire, Nathaniel attended a school tour of Coun-ty Fire Station 10 where the students were given fire safety lessons. Without a doubt, the firefighters at Station 10 gave Nathaniel the knowledge and skills necessary to ensure this positive outcome. I would like to congratulate Nathaniel Stocks for this momentous achievement. It is an honor to represent you in the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT AND ELLEN MULFORD 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Robert & Ellen Mulford of Versailles, Indiana, and celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP). Dr. Robert and Ellen Mulford have enrolled over 238 acres into six different CRP practices that focused on wildlife habitat and environ-mental preservation by creating wetlands and planting trees. CRP is an important program that helps pre-serve wild life habitats by reducing soil erosion and encouraging the planting of native species that will improve environmental quality. In five years, with the help of CRP, Robert and Ellen Mulford have been able to completely change the landscape of their farm. The Mulfords plan to continue to showcase and improve the Ca-pability Farm as a commitment to nature and hope to share it in as many different ways as possible. As the CRP marks this important milestone, I ask the entire 6th Congressional District to join me in congratulating Robert & Ellen Mulford. We can all appreciate and learn from their deep commitment to the environment and their community. HONORING THE LIFE OF SHERIFF J.B. ROBERTS HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Sheriff J.B. Rob-erts who served the people of Cabarrus Coun-ty, North Carolina from 1956 to 1982. He passed away on Monday, May 9, 2016 after complications from an injury he sustained while working on the family farm. We send our prayers and sincerest condolences to his en-tire family as they celebrate the life of this ex-traordinary man. Except for his time at Mars Hill College and a stint in the Navy during WWII, Sheriff Rob-erts spent his entire life living and working on his farm in Midland, NC. During the war, he served his nation on the U.S.S. Yorktown as a trainer on one of the ship’s five-inch guns. Roberts’ service took him to several major en-gagements in the Pacific theater including the Battle of Coral Sea and the Battle of Midway where he spent several hours in the water be-fore his rescue when the Yorktown was sunk. As Sheriff of Cabarrus County, Roberts earned the respect of everyone he worked with. Never one to sweat the little things, he was known as a selfless, humble, and incred-ibly hardworking man. He continued to serve as a mentor and role model for the next gen-eration of public servants even after his retire-ment. Almost everyone that knew Sheriff Rob-erts could share a story of how he impacted their life in one way or another. You would be hard pressed to find a man who was more ad-mired by the people he served than Sheriff Roberts. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the life of Sheriff J.B. Roberts for his service to God, country and his commu-nity. 
f 
PEARLAND ISD CAMPUS GLENDA DAWSON FIRST-YEAR TEACHERS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the following teachers of Pearland Independent School District for being named Campus Glenda Dawson Teachers of the Year. Each school year, principals, teachers and staff members are recognized by the school district with various awards as a reflection of their hard work and dedication to their stu-dents and the school as a whole. This year 20 teachers were awarded with the title ‘‘Campus Glenda Dawson Teachers of the Year’’: Elandrea McMillan from Carleston Elementary, Caitlin Walsh from Challenger Elementary, Page Madison from Cockrell Elementary, Holly Martinez from C.J. Harris Elementary, KellyAnn Walker from Lawhon Elementary, Jo-anna Kelley from Magnolia Elementary, Aman-da Delgado from Massey Ranch Elementary, Jennifer Rayner from Shadycrest Elementary, Laura Kesseler from Silvercrest Elementary, Amy Klepper from Silverlake Elementary, Brit-tany Suarez from Alexander Middle School, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.018 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE791 May 25, 2016 
Charlotte Raggette from Rogers Middle School, Jessica Stone from Sablatura Middle School, Carl Coleman from Berry Miller Junior High, Jennifer Crutcher from Pearland Junior High East, Katie Bruno from Pearland Junior High South, John Aleman from Pearland Jun-ior High West, Daniel Nava from Dawson High School, Brittany Doyle from Pearland High School, and John D. Robinson from Turner College and Career High School. These teachers go above and beyond to inspire their students and create a supportive educational environment. We are grateful for their commit-ment to education and providing a safe, inspi-rational learning environment for our students. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to these dedicated Pearland teachers for being named Campus Glenda Dawson Teach-ers of the Year. We thank them for all that they do. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 235, had I been present, I would have voted Yea. On Roll Call No. 237, had I been present, I would have voted Aye. On Roll Call No. 238, had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
WELCOMING JAMESHIA SHEPHERD TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in welcoming my constituent, Ms. Jameshia Shepherd, to Congressional Foster Youth Shadow Day. Today, I am honored to be joined by Jameshia Shepherd, who is shadowing me as part of the 2016 Congressional Foster Youth Day. Throughout her time with me, I have had the opportunity to learn more about Jameshia and she has had the opportunity to learn more about my work in Congress. Jameshia is a remarkable young woman who has dedicated herself to help enrich the lives of those who, like her, have grown up in the foster care system. Like me, Jameshia is studying social work. She hopes to pursue her law degree with the intention of eventually working with juvenile delinquent youth. Using her experiences as a template for a brighter future, Jameshia has shown a great dedication to her fellow community members. I am con-fident that her passion to impact young lives will prove to be a determining factor in the fu-tures of young individuals like her. Her com-mitment is commendable, and I am honored to have had the opportunity to meet her. Foster Youth Shadow Day, launched in 2011, provides Members of Congress the op-portunity to meet foster youth in order to dis-cuss and develop policy recommendations to strengthen the child welfare system and im-prove the overall well-being of youth and fami-lies throughout the United States. It has been an honor to take part in this program. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I applaud Ms. Jameshia Shepherd for her dedication to serve those in her community and commit-ment to helping young individuals like her to build a bright future. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,212,492,715,543.24. We’ve added $8,585,615,666,630.16 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CHARLES SKILES ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE EULESS POLICE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Charles ‘Chuck’ Skiles on his well-earned retirement from the City of Euless, Texas, Police Department after thirty-two years of dedicated service. Charles’ esteemed career began when he enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1977. Stationed in Oceanside, California, he achieved the rank of Sergeant during his two tours and was granted a reserve commission with the Oceanside Police Department. In 1983, after receiving an honorable discharge from the Marine Corps, Charles, wishing to continue his career in law enforcement, joined the Euless Police Department. Since joining the department, Charles has honorably served his community and built a reputation as a hardworking and respected of-ficer. In his thirty-two years of service, Charles has received over 28 police commendations, recognizing his professionalism and service to community. Charles has been described as an excellent detective with outstanding investiga-tive skills and a dedicated, self-sacrificing po-lice officer. Charles has been nominated for the Police Officer of the Year Award, Distin-guished Service Award, and two Life Saving Awards. Charles’ dedication as an officer is apparent in his pursuit of continued education and trainings to help provide a better service to his community. He has completed his basic, inter-mediate, advanced, and masters police certifi-cations, as well as over 1,200 hours of police in-service trainings including Special Weapons and Tactics, criminal investigation, and crime scene investigation. Charles is also a certified advanced accident investigator and accident reconstruction specialist. Charles’ contributions to the law enforce-ment operations in the City of Euless have helped to ensure that countless officers have been adequately trained and prepared for the challenges they face in their everyday duties in the police force. His legacy will leave a last-ing mark on the City of Euless and the Euless Police Department for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize the exhaustive efforts Charles has contributed to the City of Euless. I ask all of my distin-guished colleagues to join me in recognizing Charles Skiles and his many years of service. f 
HONORING MRS. CLARISSA (T.C.) FREEMAN 
HON. ED WHITFIELD 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of my friend, Mrs. Clarissa (T.C.) Freeman. T.C. passed away last Thursday morning after a long, coura-geous battle. She was a personal friend, but more importantly, she was a friend to every man and woman who wears our Nation’s uni-form. Her dedication to the United States Army endured throughout her life and her dis-tinguished record of service to our country has left a lasting impression on everyone who knew her. This point became abundantly clear during her funeral service over the weekend where several hundred people came to pay their re-spects to the woman affectionately known as ‘‘Fort Campbell’s Mom.’’ Among those was General Richard A. Cody, former Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Army and former Commanding General of the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault) and Fort Campbell, who provided the eulogy. General Cody’s remarks perfectly captured what made T.C. so special to us, and with his permission, I share his words again today: ‘‘As we gather here today to celebrate the life and the gift of T.C. Freeman, I have the distinct privilege and honor of putting into words and trying to capture a very extraor-dinary human being and how she touched each and every one of us. As difficult as this is, I hope my thoughts and words represent the feelings of so many of you. In describing T.C. Freeman many cliche ´s come to mind, like ‘‘one of a kind—a true force of nature—a friend to all and a stranger to none—small in stature but larger than life.’’ She was those things—but T.C. was anything but cliche´. We will never meet another T.C. Freeman. She wore many hats, played many roles—as she championed her many causes; every one of them having to do with Soldiers, their families, her beloved 101st Airborne Divi-sion, the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment, and 5th Special Forces Group. She was an untiring champion of all of Fort Camp-bell and we will all feel a little bit lost without her in our lives. The list of her accomplishments is signifi-cant and long—T.C. has been honored here within the gates of Fort Campbell and this community—in the Corridors of the Pen-tagon—and in the Halls of Congress. I believe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.023 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE792 May 25, 2016 
most of you know all of her awards and hon-ors—but a list of things does not fully define a person—especially a T.C. Freeman. What this amazing woman left behind is far greater than the awards and accolades she received here on earth. She left a legacy in Genera-tions of Soldiers and Families—past, present and future. That is why we all have gathered here today—many of you traveling great dis-tances to be here—We are Her Legacy. T.C. was a devoted wife to Bobby for 55 years, loving him, following him, and sup-porting him in his Army career, and a devoted mother to Gil, William, and Robert. A true mili-tary family with both sons serving and their daughter, an Army wife. Later T.C. reveled in the accomplishments of their 3 grand-children—Clytie, Richard and Sarah. We thank each of you—her family—for sharing her with us for all these years. I first met the Freemans in 1984 . . . Bobby was still on active duty, the Garrison Com-mander of the 101st and T.C. was not just any Army wife, but the epitome of an Army wife. Like others in her generation, she saw being a supportive Army wife as a privilege and an honor that carried with it the responsibility of passing on the traditions of Army life to the next generation of wives. As a young major’s wife, new to the 101st Airborne Division, my wife Vicki, like so many others, found a role model in T.C. Freeman. And that was just the beginning of a long and enduring friendship. In the early years—As an Army wife to Bobby—she sent him off to war and welcomed him home from Viet Nam. Later she would re-mind us all how important it is to take care of the Families of our deployed Soldiers and to give a Hero’s Welcome to our returning Sol-diers—something that was not done for our Viet Nam Veterans. T.C. vowed that would not happen again and was part of the driving force behind hundreds of Welcome Home Cere-monies beginning after Desert Storm, con-tinuing through the 90’s and the Kosovo rota-tions, and currently the deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan. At any hour of the day or night, you would find T.C. at Hangar One talk-ing to our waiting Families, setting up refresh-ments, offering advice, encouragement, and thanks. Once the official ceremony was over and the Families left the bleachers to embrace their Soldier, T.C. watched for any Soldier who did not have someone—she would walk up and hug that Soldier, saying, ‘‘I am T.C. Free-man—I love you and thank you for your serv-ice . . . Welcome home!’’ She was tireless in her commitment to our returning Soldiers. Those of us who have known T.C. for dec-ades have watched her transition and change with the times . . . from Army wife to Army mom to a powerful voice for Soldiers and their families. For the first half of her life she sup-ported Bobby in his career, but in the second half, it was Bobby by her side, supporting her endeavors. What an inspiration for women of any generation. And through all of the years, all of the many changes in our Army and Fort Campbell, T.C. never lost sight of her true mission in life . . . to make the Army, specifi-cally Fort Campbell, a better place for every-one, Soldiers and family members alike. She opened her home, her arms, and her heart to each and every one of us. Advocating for Sol-diers and their families would become T.C.’s most important role and contribution to our Army. By the time we entered this new era and what is now our Nation’s longest war with un-precedented deployments and stress on fami-lies, T.C.’s reach had gone far beyond the gates of Fort Campbell. As an AUSA Chapter president and a Civilian Aide to the Secretary of the Army, T.C. was able to advocate and reach even more Soldiers and families throughout our Army. Even with her exhaust-ing schedule traveling to D.C. and beyond; she never tired of greeting planeloads of Sol-diers returning to Campbell Army Airfield. Often driving to the airfield in the middle of the night, to greet a plane, she was devout and steadfast in her loyalty to Soldiers. The 101st Airborne Division, with all of its tenant units, was her family. It was obvious to any and all of us, that she would do anything for her post. And how great it was for so many of us to return again and again, knowing that T.C. and Bobby were always there to welcome us. I remarked more than once that, First La-dies of the 101st come and go every 2 years—but T.C. Freeman was the First Lady of Fort Campbell for life. One of her many unique qualities was her ability to relate to anyone; Soldier or 4 star general. She was as comfortable in the hang-ar welcoming Soldiers as she was shaking hands with Senators and Congressmen on Capitol Hill. And as she mentored Army spouses, she was not above mentoring and lecturing commanding generals, to include this one. I always knew when T.C. began a sen-tence with Richard, instead of Dick, that I was about to get a tasking. But I didn’t mind be-cause her tasking always had to do with a Soldier or family member who needed help, had fallen through the cracks, or was getting a bad deal; it was never for her . . . so how could I say no? One time after one such tasking, I was curious and I asked her if she had already told the Soldier it was a done deal. She replied, ‘‘Of course I did, Richard. Now you will have to figure out how to get it done!’’ I couldn’t help but laugh. She was a piece of work . . . But the one task I hoped never to have to do, the one thing I did not want to be asked came last year when she realized what was ahead of her . . . Her final tasking was for me to give the eulogy at her funeral. Not wanting to face the inevitable, I jokingly replied, ‘‘I’ll do yours, if you’ll do mine.’’ I wanted so much to turn her down, but I had never said no to T.C. Freeman and I wasn’t about to say no for something so important to her. Especially when she remarked with her sly grin—‘‘Be-sides Richard, You are an Army Aviator—and I know you will exaggerate . . . like you al-ways do!’’ In her last role, she was sidelined and forced to work out of her bedroom for the past year. But work it she did . . . texting and facebooking with her many fans and admirers, both young and old. Until the end, she enter-tained her hundreds of well-wishers from her bed, showing us the grace and dignity that were synonymous with her. I hope that someday there is a bronze stat-ue of T.C.—and I think it should be of her hugging a Soldier, something that she did for decades and something we will always re-member her for. I have a feeling she is looking down today, very pleased with the love and support being shown her family but she knew that she was needed in heaven. On Thursday there was a Welcome Home ceremony . . . but this one was not in Hangar One . . . it was in Heaven. I picture her now surrounded by Soldiers embracing her, saying, ‘‘We love you . . . thank you for your service . . . Welcome Home!’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF CAROLYN DELLA-RODOLFA 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Carolyn Della- Rodolfa. Congratulations to Carolyn Della-Rodolfa, who is recognized by her peers and commu-nity organizations as one who embodies the true spirit of volunteerism, having served as chairman of the boards of Doylestown Hos-pital, Doylestown Health Foundation, Doylestown Health Physicians and the Health & Wellness Center of Doylestown Hospital. Her leadership encompasses years of valu-able participation in strategic planning groups that have helped change health care delivery in the Bucks County community. In addition, she is a student who consistently attends seminars, reads and studies to broaden her knowledge. Under her tutelage, Doylestown Hospital and its related parts greatly expanded the quality and breadth of healthcare services. Notably, Ms. Della-Rodolfa’s social and busi-ness acumen has had a financial impact on the total community beyond lifesaving healthcare and life-improving wellness care. Retiring, with the appreciation and gratitude of her colleagues and community, this out-standing volunteer/leader clearly has set an example for others to follow. 
f 
BUSINESS RAIDING AND ASSET GRABBING IN RUSSIA 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to bring to my colleagues’ attention an illu-minating report on corruption and corporate dispossession in Russia. Written by Dr. Louise Shelley and Judy Deane of George Mason University’s Terrorism, Transnational Crime and Corruption Center, ‘‘Reiderstvo: Implica-tions for Russia and the West,’’ concisely lays out the systematic tactics, fraud and corruption of business raiding and asset grabbing in Rus-sia. The most well-known case is that of the Yukos Oil Company, which not only saw its Russian founder Mikhail Khodorovsky impris-oned for ten years in a Siberian gulag while his $22 billion company was dismantled under the guise of $22 billion in unpaid tax claims. A corporate entity, Yukos shares were con-fiscated and assets sold off at rigged auctions, without any regard for even its international— including U.S.—shareholders. As some of you may recall, I held a hearing last fall on the Russian government’s violations of the rule of law, which examined the challenges these in-vestors faced in enforcing the Permanent Court of Arbitration’s $50 billion finding of un-lawful appropriation against the Russian gov-ernment. It turns out Yukos is only the tip of the iceberg. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.028 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE793 May 25, 2016 
The reiderstvo report neatly encapsulates a Russian phenomenon that both contributes to, and is accelerating as a result of, Russia’s economic decline. According to the authors, Russian corporate raiding practices, facilitated and even directed by the Kremlin, are ‘‘con-tributing to Russia’s current unfriendly busi-ness climate and to declining investor con-fidence in the country.’’ Russia’s uniquely de-structive practice of corporate raiding not only has dire ramifications for the Russian people and any remaining foreign investors, it has long term implications for Russian stability. Reiderstvo (literally ‘‘raiding’’), an ominous and violent practice in Russia since the early 1990s, is vastly different from U.S. corporate ‘‘raiding’’—that is, hostile takeovers by outside shareholders. Reiderstvo represents both pri-vate acquisition of business assets and public expropriation through a series of illegal bul-lying tactics that allow raiders to sell off a company’s assets, often to a state controlled entity, and rapidly launder the proceeds, mak-ing massive profits and destroying businesses in the process. This particular report is noteworthy for its documentation of two aspects of reiderstvo. First, reiderstvo and asset grabbing is far more widespread and imbedded in Russian business culture than most people outside of Russia have thought. Astonishingly, Russian President Putin himself said that the number of current arrests for economic crimes sug-gests that tens of thousands of companies of all sizes in Russia continue to be harassed, in-timidated, robbed, and outright stolen. Second, the study analyzes major cases of corporate raiding, and identifies the most com-mon raiding tactics. These tactics include mali-cious prosecutions (false charges), malicious tax inspections, regulatory harassment, mis-use of shares and shareholder protections, misuse of the banking system, abuse of inter-national law enforcement, ‘‘Dark PR’’ cam-paigns, and even violence. In any given raid against a business, it is likely that several of these tactics will be used simultaneously. From their case studies the authors extract four stages of the reiderstvo process: prepara-tion, negotiation, execution, and legalization. In the case of OGAT, Ltd., one of the larg-est and most successful transportation compa-nies in Russia, raiders used fraudulent docu-ments to sell off company assets. In the case of TogliattiAzot, Russia’s largest ammonia company, the company underwent 120 tax in-spections in 18 months and was assessed $150 million in alleged unpaid taxes in order to try to force the company into bankruptcy, making it easier and cheaper to acquire. Yevroset, a highly successful mobile phone operator, was the victim of three raids in which $1.4 million worth of cell phone handsets were taken, tax charges levied against one of its suppliers, and searches made of the homes of top managers, all to force owners to sell the company to a raider. It is easy to draw parallels from these cases to the more famous cases of Hermitage Cap-ital and the Yukos Oil Company and dem-onstrate the state’s own growing role in cor-porate raiding. Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of the Human Rights subcommittee and of the Helsinki Com-mission, I have focused much of my congres-sional work on fighting for human rights—for all human rights, throughout the world. And countless times I have seen the connection between human rights violations and govern-ments that engage such grotesque forms of corruption. One connection, of course, is that rampantly corrupt governments commit human rights violations in order to cover up their crimes, or those of the mafias that dominate them. Such was the famous case of the heroic Sergei Magnitsky. The kind of government corruption we see in Russia today, manifesting itself in the ruthlessness of reiderstvo, is that which imperils the human rights of the Rus-sian people. Mr. Speaker, this report is a much needed and critical assessment of Russian corruption at the highest levels of authority and has im-portant implications for U.S. foreign policy in the dimensions of human rights and rule of law and commercial relations. The report may be found at www.reiderstvo.org. I strongly urge my col-leagues to read it. 
f 
PEARLAND ISD CAMPUS TEACHERS OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the following teachers of Pearland Independent School District for being named Campus Teachers of the Year. Each school year, principals, teachers and staff members are recognized by the school district with various awards as a reflection of their hard work and dedication to their stu-dents and the school as a whole. This year 23 Pearland teachers were awarded the title ‘‘Campus Teachers of the Year’’: Jennifer Black from Carleston Elementary, Anne Romolo from Challenger Elementary, Patricia Guel from Cockrell Elementary, Tiffany Cox from C.J. Harris Elementary, Katie Strong from Lawhon Elementary, Lisa Rocha from Mag-nolia Elementary, Christina Morton from Massey Ranch Elementary, Maureen Clayvon- Wright from Rustic Oak Elementary, Ruth Mondich from Shadycrest Elementary, Katie Cruz from Silvercrest Elementary, Gay Stricklin from Silverlake Elementary, Kristine Holland from Alexander Middle School, Rebekkah Rudd from Jamison Middle School, Crystal Hildebrand from Rogers Middle School, Connie Medley from Sablatura Middle School, Shaterra Jackson from Berry Miller Junior High, Lori Sandman from Pearland Jun-ior High East, Lana Garcia from Pearland Jun-ior High South, Mara Williams from Pearland Junior High West, Troy Myers from Dawson High School, Jennifer Duggan from Pearland High School, Hunter Morgan from Turner Col-lege and Career High School, and Ann Lowrey Merrill from the PACE Center. These teachers go above and beyond to inspire their students and create a supportive educational environ-ment. We are grateful for their commitment to education and providing a safe, inspirational learning environment for our students. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to these dedicated Pearland teachers for being named Campus Teachers of the Year. We thank them for all that they do. HONORING THE LIFE OF ROBERT HANSON HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Hanson, who served as the Chairman and CEO of Deere & Company from 1982 to 1990. Both as a citizen and a businessman, Bob was invaluable to the Quad-Cities and our re-gion. During his tenure as CEO, Bob guided John Deere through the farm crisis of the 1980s, and kept up company morale during a decade rife with layoffs and downsizing. He fo-cused on developing Deere as a good cor-porate citizen that gave back to Moline, and made time to engage and build relationships with employees at every level of the company. Later CEOs have credited Bob with laying the foundation for Deere’s future success. In addition to his business success, Bob also gave back to the community as an indi-vidual. In the middle of earning his degree, Bob served our country for three years as a Marine in World War II. His passion for help-ing others led him and his wife, Patricia, to contribute generously to his alma mater, Augustana College, and establish a scholar-ship for the Quad-City Symphony Orchestra. Mr. Speaker, as we commemorate Bob’s life, and his dedication to our community, my thoughts and prayers are with Bob’s wife, Pa-tricia, and the rest of his family during this dif-ficult time. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CAPE COD MUSEUM OF ART 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Cape Cod Museum of Art on their 35th anniversary. Thirty-five years ago, Harry Holl and Roy Freed brought to life their vision for a museum that honors and celebrates the works of out-standing artists from the Cape Cod region in Massachusetts. Mr. Holl, a renowned potter, sculptor, painter, and a Dennis resident him-self, lived out the same values that comprise the museum’s mission. As a teacher, he in-spired his students and developed local art programs. Mr. Freed, both a lawyer and a sculptor, was dedicated to providing a venue to showcase the talents of our community. He brought together supporters at the founding of the Museum, and he contributed to the re-markable achievements and growth of this museum. What started with ten local supporters, the Cape Cod Museum of Art now houses seven exhibition galleries, the Weny Education Cen-ter, a screening room, an outdoor sculpture garden, and a permanent collection of more than 2,000 works of art. Artists across the na-tion have drawn inspiration from our local community and our beautiful landscapes. I am proud to say the museum is esteemed nation- wide, with the recent exhibit ‘Breaking the Mold’ which featured outside artists drawing 718 submissions by 227 artists from 29 states. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.030 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE794 May 25, 2016 
The Cape Cod Museum of Art continues to serve an important mission. It is dedicated to preserving our heritage and engage our com-munity in local art appreciation has proved to be invaluable. The museum promotes art ap-preciation through great programs, workshops, and classes. The Resource Library serves as a hub for learning the history of Cape Cod art-ists, past and present. As a proud member of this community, I am grateful for the work the museum has done in preserving our cultural history. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Cape Cod Museum of Art as they celebrate this joyous milestone. I look for-ward to seeing what the future brings to this pillar of the Cape Cod art community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF THOMAS R. MACFARLAN 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Thomas R. Macfarlan. Congratulations to Thomas R. Macfarlan on the occasion of his retirement as Nockamixon Township’s Emergency Management Coordi-nator. Beginning in June 1994, his tenure has been marked with outstanding contributions to the safety and security of area residents. He wrote the township’s first Emergency Oper-ations Plan, which brought Nockamixon into compliance with the Pennsylvania Emergency Management directive, helped write the first school district Emergency Management Oper-ations Plan and many other effective plans to deal with emergency situations and events in Nockamixon. He has distinguished himself with responsible service and countless con-tributions to his community. Mr. Macfarlan also is known for the key role he played in devel-opment of regional EMA groups and under his direction, the Nockamixon EMA is acknowl-edged in many communities for its leadership in Bucks County, Pennsylvania and also New Jersey. Thomas R. Macfarlan leaves his post with the appreciation of the citizens he so will-ingly and ably served. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO V. RICHARD (DICK) MILLER 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a prominent Hoosier leader and my dear friend, Mr. V. Richard (Dick) Miller who passed away on May 18, 2016 surrounded by his loving family. Dick was born in Des Moines, Iowa and moved to Warsaw, Indiana with his family as a young child. He received his undergraduate degree from Purdue University and earned a MSBA from Indiana University South Bend in 1972. In 1976, Dick was elected State Senator and served for three terms in the Indiana Gen-eral Assembly, half of his service on the Sen-ate Republican leadership team. Dick put a lot of care and dedication into his work. After taking over the family business, he expanded Miller’s Merry Manor across the state and employed over 3000 Hoosiers. With the help of his siblings, they made Miller’s Health Systems one of the largest 100 percent employee owned companies in the nation. Providing quality care to thousands and re-warding those dedicated employees is a true testament to his character and the reason why Miller’s Merry Manor continues to be success-ful after 52 years. He continued to serve unofficially as a vital resource of good advice and wisdom to those in office, such as myself, up until his last day. He was gracious enough to be a member of my Healthcare Advisory Team, where his counsel was helpful in my efforts to determine how to best serve the people of Indiana and our country, though his advice was not limited to healthcare as he was well versed in many aspects of public policy and economics. I will always be thankful for his invaluable advice and friendship over the years. Dick leaves Jane, his beloved wife of almost 55 years, two children, six grandchildren and five great grandchildren to carry on his legacy of service to fellow Hoosiers. I believe this world is a better place because of his compas-sionate service to our community, state and nation. Rest in peace Dick, you will not be for-gotten. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JUSTIN MENDES 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Mr. Justin Mendes for his service to my office and California’s Central Valley. Mr. Mendes was born on September 17, 1986 in Fresno, California to Tom Mendes and Karen Carreiro. After attending Riverdale High School in Riverdale, California, Mr. Mendes went on to receive his Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration from the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California. Upon his graduation in 2008, Mr. Mendes worked in the banking industry, specifically in agricultural lending. In 2010, Mr. Mendes began his career in public service with my office in Hanford, while I was then serving in the California State As-sembly. Upon my election to the United States House of Representatives in 2012, he contin-ued his service as my District Director, a posi-tion he held until March, 2016. During his time as District Director in my office, Mr. Mendes demonstrated himself to be a person of out-standing character and work ethic. His knowl-edge of the Twenty-First Congressional Dis-trict of California was immensely beneficial to my office and my constituents. Throughout his career, Mr. Mendes has been an invaluable asset to Team Valadao and the people of California’s Central Valley. Without his advice and friendship, I would not be where I am at today. In March of 2014, Mr. Mendes and his fiance´e Melissa celebrated the birth of their first child, Alexander. Their family currently re-sides in Hanford, California. Mr. Mendes again demonstrated his dedica-tion to public service when he was elected Mayor of Hanford in December of 2015. I have no doubt his work ethic, combined with his knowledge of public policy and his community, will be immensely valuable to the citizens of Hanford. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Justin Mendes for his public service to the people of the Central Val-ley and wishing him well in this next chapter of his life. f 
PEARLAND ISD PRINCIPALS OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the following Principals of Pearland Independent School District for being named Principal of the Year. Each school year, principals, teachers and staff members are recognized by the school district with various awards as a reflection of their hard work and dedication to their stu-dents and the school as a whole. This year, the two principals that were awarded with the title ‘‘Principal of the Year,’’ are Verna Tipton from Sablatura Middle School and Jason Frerking from Pearland Junior High South. These principals have gone above and be-yond to inspire their students and create a supportive educational environment. We are grateful for their commitment to education and providing a safe, inspirational learning environ-ment for our students. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Principals Tipton and Frerking for being named Principal of the Year. On behalf of our children, we thank them for all that they do. 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF RAMZI NEMO 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to express my appreciation for the contributions of Ramzi Nemo to the work of the Committee on Homeland Security on the occasion of his return to the U.S. Govern-ment Accountability Office (GAO). Since March 2015, Mr. Nemo has shared his considerable expertise in acquisitions and sourcing management as a detailee on my Committee staff. In his time with the Com-mittee, Ramzi helped staff 10 hearings on top-ics as diverse as the policy questions sur-rounding the closing of the prison in Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba to climate change to vehicle fleet management. Additionally, Mr. Ramzi provided specialized technical expertise with respect to oversight of the Department of Homeland Security’s Management Directorate, particularly with respect to how it handles its information technology, personnel, and real property. Strengthening the effectiveness of the De-partment’s acquisitions program has been a central focus of the Committee’s work and, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.033 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE795 May 25, 2016 
with Mr. Nemo’s contributions, Committee Democrats successfully advanced a number of legislative proposals that were incorporated into H.R. 3572, the ‘‘DHS Headquarters Re-form and Improvement Act.’’ Finally, I would like to acknowledge that, during his time with the Committee, Mr. Nemo provided consistent and positive contributions to the work of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency and helped ad-vance the priorities of the Ranking Member, Representative B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN (D– NJ). I appreciate his service to the Committee, the Congress, and the Nation and wish him every success, as he returns to the GAO. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARIE AND RANDY FOSTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Marie and Randy Foster of Oakland, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on May 7, 2016. Marie and Randy’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Ted, Ron, Randy, Sammarra, Elliott, and Christy, and their 18 grandchildren and two great-grand-children, truly embodies Iowa values. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PHOENIX POLICE DEPARTMENT’S ARIZONA INTERNET CRIMES AGAINST CHILDREN TASK FORCE UPON RECEIVING THE ATTORNEY GEN-ERAL’S SPECIAL COMMENDA-TION 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, on this National Missing Children’s Day, we come together to honor the victims of kidnapping and child abuse, and recognize the extraordinary efforts of law enforcement to prevent and uncover these tragic crimes. Today, we are proud to announce that the Arizona Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force in the Phoenix Police Department is the 2016 recipient of the Attorney General’s Spe-cial Commendation. The Department of Justice awards the Attor-ney General’s Special Commendation each year to an Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force that makes an exceptional con-tribution to the coordinated national effort against online child exploitation. Phoenix Police task force members earned this honor by successfully pursuing and arrest-ing a criminal who was sexually abusing two young boys in her care. They put a stop to the nightmare of abuse for these two children and, by gathering forensic evidence at the scene, discovered leads on an international ring of crime and exploitation. Their work to date has led to more than 25 arrests across the United States and Europe. It is my privilege to congratulate these brave Arizonans for their work to protect children and keep our communities safe. Their dili-gence in the face of terrible circumstances sets an example for everyone in public serv-ice. National Missing Children’s Day reminds us each year that we have more work to do to protect children from kidnapping and abuse. I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure public serv-ants like the Arizona Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force have the tools they need to break the cycle of child exploitation. f 
TRIBUTE TO LOIS AND VERL PAULLIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Lois and Verl Paullin on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. Verl and Lois were married in May, 1946 and make their home in Guthrie Center, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. I commend this lovely couple on their 70 years of life together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
WHY WE NEED TO LOWER PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICES 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to submit the following article, written by Heather Block. I encourage all of my col-leagues to read this short and powerful piece, which provides us with yet another personal testimony highlighting the need to lower the price of prescription drugs and support the Medicare Part B Demonstration Project pro-posed by CMS. In this article, Ms. Block de-scribes ‘‘what it is like to have stage 4 cancer, and to fear bankruptcy as much as cancer due to our health system and the lack of drug pric-ing regulation’’. Sadly, her story is not unique. Across this country, millions of people who are already facing devastating health issues sud-denly find themselves in dire financial straits due to the cost of prescription drugs. Let us not forsake the wellbeing of the many for the financial gain of the very few. I ask you to join me in taking the side of people like Heather by supporting CMS’s proposal. PHARMA CANBUYTIME. I C AN’T. 
HEATHER BLOCK MAY 23 , 2016 I testified before the House Energy and Commerce Committee’s Subcommittee on Health last week. It was a big deal for me. As I told my brother, I want my niece to know that we can speak to the powers that be— even individuals like me, without any group or organization to back me up. I want her to know that our voices can still be heard in America. I testified about what it is like to have stage 4 cancer, and to fear bankruptcy as much as cancer due to our health system and the lack of drug pricing regulation. I also said that I support a Medicare proposal to evaluate ways to lower drug costs. It would reduce financial incentives that could en-courage doctors to use more expensive drugs, while trying several different approaches that would improve quality of care and po-tentially cut drug costs for taxpayers and patients. I felt like most of the Representatives had already made up their minds. Probably not due to the actual proposal, but to the pres-sures placed by groups that would lose money if the so-called Medicare Part B Demo is launched. I joked before I testified that I might ask, ‘‘Could anyone that doesn’t receive any money from the pharmaceutical industry, raise their hands,’’ and that I would probably be the only one with a hand raised in the room. Turns out my joke wasn’t that far off-base. Imagine my surprise when Representative Jan Schakowsky (D-Ill.) pointed out that two of the five witnesses had several pages of identical testimony—identical down to the highlights. What that says to me is that the pharmaceutical industry lobbyists are so confident of their power that they can be sloppy. I do not have that luxury. I have limited time; no one knows how much with stage 4 cancer and certainly limited means. My friends jokingly call me ‘‘Dona Quixote.’’ But I feel urgency around the issue, and I do appreciate Representative Peter Welch for pointing out this urgency. I know I cannot be alone. Other patients are slowly being bled dry by the cost of our life saving drugs While the Medicare Part B Demo will not solve the problem of high prescription drug spending, it’s at least a thoughtful step in the right direction. I hope to keep pushing and reminding everyone of the urgency of this issue. Americans recognize that the cost of drugs is not sustainable but no one knows what to do. And so far, no one knows how to overcome the money and power being mobi-lized by the drug companies to keep their profits high, even as patients go bankrupt While the Medicare Part B demo may not be perfect, it’s at least a step in the right di-rection when everyone else seems to be more interested in standing still. Let’s proceed. Heather Block served as a witness for the Energy and Commerce’s Health committee hearing on the proposed Medicare Part B Payment Demonstration Project on May 17, 2016. f 
TRIBUTE TO RYAN NEWBERRY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and congratulate Ryan Newberry of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.038 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE796 May 25, 2016 
Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being the first recipi-ent of the Employee of the Year award spon-sored by the Council Bluffs Community School District in conjunction with the Council Bluffs Area Chamber of Commerce. Ryan is a stu-dent at Thomas Jefferson High School in Council Bluffs and is employed by Menard’s, Inc. The Employee of the Year award is given through a new program initiative, GROW CB, which stands for Graduation is Required in Our Workforce in Council Bluffs. Super-intendent of Schools for Council Bluffs Martha Bruckner said, ‘‘This is representative of some good work we’re doing together. The goal of this initiative is to raise the awareness of the importance of regular school attendance, earn-ing good grades, and earning a high diploma.’’ The GROW CB program was created as a school-business partnership while helping businesses to invest in the future of area youth and the Council Bluffs community. I applaud and congratulate Ryan Newberry for earning this award. He is a shining exam-ple of the future of our youth. I urge my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Ryan Newberry for his accomplishments in school and with his employment. I wish him continued success in all his future endeavors. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAF-FICKING ONE YEAR ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it hap-pened right under the entire community’s nose. Eight year old Jen Spry was raped and tortured on a daily basis. She was not kidnapped by a stranger in a dark alley. She was trafficked just a few doors down from her mother’s house. It was not just Jen who was trafficked. Her younger sister, a male cousin, and a whole group of kids from her hometown of Norris-town Pennsylvania were victims as well. No one ever went looking for the children, simply because they never went missing. From 3–6 p.m. every day she was forced to have sex with strangers, because, as she de-scribes it, it was her job. The children were coerced into participating and threatened into keeping it a secret. The trafficking finally ended when she was about 10 when the neighbor suddenly moved away. Jen went to great lengths to hide the abuse from her single mother, who never found out about the tragedies that Jen experienced. In fact, Jen did not speak out about what hap-pened until after her mother passed away. Stories like Jen’s drove us to write JVTA. As did stories like Tina Frundt’s, who joins us today. She is a huge part of the solution with her organization Courtney’s House and her mem-bership on the U.S. Advisory Council on Human Trafficking created by JVTA as well as the persistence of many of the groups present today. The United States views itself as a leader in the fight against human trafficking. Even going as far as to grade other countries on their ef-forts to combat trafficking in persons. Yet, before the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act (JVTA) became law, I heard about common issues from survivors and anti-traf-ficking organizations on the national, state, and local levels, as well as law enforcement and local leaders. Some of the common con-cerns included: The federal government barely funds efforts to combat trafficking in the United States. Traf-ficking victims are often arrested and treated as criminals, but buyers are often not. Many Americans including those that inter-act with trafficking victims—law enforcement, educators, medical professionals, and others —do not know about human trafficking or un-derstand how to identify victims. Hearing this message loud and clear, a bipartisan, bi-cameral group of Members of Congress set out to write a bill using the survivor experience to guide us and learning from programs around the country that are working to fight trafficking and serve victims. CAROLYN MALONEY , a Democrat from New York and I lead the effort on JVTA in the House. Congresswoman M
ALONEY and I hard-ly speak the same language. Being from New York she thinks I talk funny and as a Texan I can hardly understand her either the effort was led by another unusual pair in the Senate. A Texas Republican, Senator J
OHN CORNYN  and an Oregon Democrat, Senator R
ON W
YDEN . 11 anti-trafficking bills passed through the House, including those led by some of the wonderful women here today. The bills were combined in the Senate, came back to the House, passed overwhelm-ingly and were signed into law. The law ad-dresses the common problems we heard from the field. We created a Domestic Trafficking Victims Fund that makes those who harm vul-nerable people pay for the damage they have caused. A $5,000 special assessment is collected from those convicted of human trafficking and other related charges, and goes into a Fund to provide resources to victims and those fighting trafficking. A fundamental goal of JVTA is for victims of human trafficking to be treated as victims and not criminals. This is addressed in a number of provisions in the law, including a newly cre-ated community-based block grant. We also focus on the demand—buyers, those that exploit women and children. While many call these people ‘‘johns,’’ I call them child molesters. John is a name from the Bible, a good guy, not someone who pays money to abuse a fel-low person. JVTA clarifies that those who buy sex from trafficking victims are human traffickers, can and should be punished under federal law, and are subject to the same penalties as sell-ers. JVTA has done a lot to change the mindset of people in this country. But we need the law to be fully implemented by all the agencies charged with executing the law including DOJ, HHS, and DHS. In order to truly be the leader in the fight against modern day slavery. We anxiously await the response to our letter. A society will be judged by how it treats the most vulner-able. And that’s just the way it is. TRIBUTE TO BABE AND FRANK MAINS HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Babe and Frank Mains on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Frank and Babe were married on May 18, 1956 and make their home in Guthrie Center, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. I commend this lovely couple on their 60 years of life together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I missed several votes on Wednesday, May 18, and Thursday, May 19. On Wednesday, May 18, had I been present, I would have voted No on the Nadler Amendment (Roll Call 204); Aye on the Poe of Texas Amendment (Roll Call 205); Yea on final passage of H.R. 5243, the Zika Re-sponse Control Act, 2016 (Roll Call 207); Aye on the Buck Amendment (Roll Call 208); Aye on the Fleming Amendment (Roll Call 209); No on the Lee Amendment (Roll Call 210); No on the Polis Amendment (Roll Call 211); and Aye on final passage of H.R. 4909, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Roll Call 216). On Thursday, May 19, had I been present, I would have voted No on the Blumenauer Amendment (Roll Call 221); Aye on the Flem-ing Amendment (Roll Call 222); No on the Sean Patrick Maloney of New York Amend-ment (Roll Call 226); and Yea on final pas-sage of H.R. 4974, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (Roll Call 228). 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY AND PAT DOUD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Mary and Pat Doud on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Pat and Mary Doud were married in May 19, 1956 and make their home in Stuart, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.043 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE797 May 25, 2016 
grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. I commend this lovely couple on their 60 years of life together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORS COL-LEGE PROGRAM AT COLUMBIA COLLEGE 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the Honors College Program at Columbia College, a first class institution of higher education located in my Congressional District in Columbia, South Carolina. The Columbia College Honors Program was chartered in 1984 to recruit, retain, and de-velop high-achieving, motivated, talented stu-dents. At the heart of the program is the belief that the outstanding student should challenge her intellectual limits, working creatively and seriously to reach her highest potential as a scholar, reflective learner, individual thinker, risk taker, and influential leader. The program requires a selection of pedagogically innova-tive and rigorous courses across disciplines and a culminating thesis or project designed to make honors learning meaningful and prac-tical. The program’s senior seminars—with a study-travel component—have engaged stu-dents in the value of experiential, global learn-ing in sites such as Paris, Berlin, Dublin, Bel-fast, New York, Orlando, Miami, London, and others. The stimulating classroom atmosphere of honors—steeped in the liberal-arts tradition— encourages development of critical thinking, writing, and other skills vital to an education in the twenty-first century. Fostering a culture of serious undergraduate research and faculty development, the program also continues to make its mark in other professional arenas by promoting and supporting opportunities for stu-dent and faculty scholarship across dis-ciplines. Honors students have earned de-grees from Princeton, Rutgers, NYU, Emory, Duke, Columbia, MUSC, Wake Forest, Elon Law School, Drew, NY School of Art, Syra-cuse, Georgetown, University of Oklahoma, University of Tennessee Knoxville, University of Florida, Ohio State University, University of Central Florida, University of Maryland, USC, George Washington, Howard, Texas Women’s University, North Carolina State University, among others. The impact of the program on teaching ex-cellence at Columbia College is revealed by the fact that all ten South Carolina Inde-pendent Colleges and Universities (SCICU) Outstanding Teacher Award recipients have been honors faculty or project mentors, and thirty of thirty-three Columbia College Faculty Excellence Award winners have taught in hon-ors. Honors faculty have also garnered awards from the American Association of Higher Edu-cation, South Carolina Humanities Council, Methodist Board of Higher Education, South Atlantic Association of Departments of English, South Carolina Commission on Higher Edu-cation, National Association of Developmental Education, South Carolina Psychological As-sociation, Carolina Communications Associa-tion, Project Kaleidoscope, and others. Most significantly, the program’s director, Dr. John Zubizarreta, is a Carnegie Foundation/CASE U.S. Professor of the Year, the only professor ever from any institution in South Carolina to receive the nation’s most prestigious teaching award. In the National Collegiate Honors Council— which this year celebrates five decades of pro-viding diverse students with superior edu-cational experiences for academic and profes-sional careers—the Columbia College Honors Program enjoys an enviable reputation, built from the numerous presentations by students and faculty at yearly conferences, the service of several students on the NCHC and South-ern Regional Honors Council Board of Direc-tors, the director’s election as NCHC and SRHC President, two students’ recognition as National Honors Student of the Year and one as runner-up, thirteen student participants in NCHC Honors Semesters, four student partici-pants in Partners-in-the-Parks programs, and more. Mr. Speaker, the Honors Program is widely regarded as the premier, internationally ac-claimed academic program at Columbia Col-lege, and ask you and my colleagues to join me in paying homage to them. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BEVERLY WADLE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Beverly Wadle of Des Moines, Iowa on the very special occa-sion of her retirement after 25 years of faithful service as office manager to Trinity Lutheran Church of Des Moines. As she retires, her church community is acutely aware that her dedication will be missed. Mrs. Wadle has served the traditional con-gregation, the Trinity Lutheran Church Sunday School program, and welcomed nearby Drake University students to the church family, mak-ing them feel welcomed while away at college. Many say that her most fulfilling work has been the unwavering commitment to assist the church’s efforts for relocation of Laotian and Sudanese refugees as they build a better life in Iowa. She also coordinates the Lutheran Women’s Missionary League, Drake Lutheran Student Fellowship, and Trinity Lutheran Church’s partner churches, the Asian Lutheran Mission, and the Sudanese Lutheran Mission. Her daily duties have included coordinating independent day care as well as several 12- step programs which use the Trinity Lutheran Church facilities. I commend Beverly Wadle for living her faith and her Iowa values. I wish her a lifetime of joy and happiness as she embarks on a new journey. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Beverly Wadle on this celebratory occasion. TRIBUTE TO CRESTON HIGH SCHOOL IJAG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Creston High School iJAG program as they took top honors at the 2016 Career Develop-ment Conference on May 3, 2016. iJAG is a program that relies on real-world, project-based instructional methods and un-conventional approaches to personal connec-tions with students. The Creston High School program, directed by instructor Jerry Hartman, competed against more than 40 iJAG pro-grams from throughout Iowa and Illinois. The students competed in contests about employ-ment preparation and interview skills, critical thinking in business situations, leadership skills and basic business methods. Mr. Speaker, the success of this team, their program and its director demonstrates the re-wards of hard work, dedication, and persever-ance. I am honored to represent them and the other team members in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating these young people for competing in this rigorous competition and wishing them all nothing but continued suc-cess. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAM AND MARSH CHRISTIANSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pam and Marsh Christiansen of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wed-ding anniversary. They were married on May 7, 1966 at St. Patrick’s Church in Council Bluffs. Pam and Marsh’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Lori, Lisa, and Stacy, and their six grandchildren, truly em-bodies Iowa values. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating Pam and Marsh on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FLOYD ROBERT ‘‘BOB’’ BOOTS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Bob Boots of Atlantic, Iowa, for his service to our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.047 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE798 May 25, 2016 
country and his community. Mr. Boots is a part of the often-titled ‘‘Greatest Generation’’ who defended and served our country—not for fame or fortune but because it was the right thing to do. Mr. Boots was born in 1932 and graduated from Panora High School in 1949. He joined the U.S. Coast Guard in 1952, serving three years on active duty and five years on non-ac-tive duty. Upon release from the U.S. Coast Guard, he returned to his family farm. In 1956, he married Neoma Jean Wheeldon and were blessed with three children, Steven, Judith, and Linda. In 1961, he started an upholstery business in Atlantic, Iowa where he worked in their small business for 45 years before his re-tirement in 2006. Mr. Boots has been a fixture in the Atlantic community, always volunteering for the Boy Scouts, Cass County American Red Cross, Cass County Memorial Hospital Auxiliary, Meals on Wheels, American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Disabled Veterans of America, Atlantic Color Guard, and the At-lantic Rock Island Society Enterprise. He has devoted many years to rescuing U.S. flags, those which need repair or to be put aside for proper flag disposal. Mr. Boots has not asked for any special recognition. He was motivated only by his desire to serve his country and community. I commend and congratulate Floyd Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Boots for his commitment, dedication, and leadership to his business, community, the State of Iowa. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I know my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating Mr. Boots for his service and wishing him the very best in the future. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 26, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 8 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine a review of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ electronic health record (VistA), progress toward interoperability with the Department of Defense’s electronic health record, and plans for the future. SD–124 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine improving interagency forest manage-ment to strengthen tribal capabilities for responding to and preventing wildfires. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:20 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.052 E25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D582 Wednesday, May 25, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3129–S3230 Measures Introduced: Fifteen bills and five resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2978–2992, and S. Res. 474–478.
                                                       Page S3171 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 2390, to provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (S. Rept. No. 114–261) H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office’’. H.R. 1132, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2458, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boule-vard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2928, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Per-ryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’. H.R. 3082, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’. H.R. 3601, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3735, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 3866, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 4046, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. H.R. 4605, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’. S. 2465, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street in Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. S. 2891, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 North Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’.
                                                       Page S3170 
Measures Passed: Secretary of Agriculture Fish Inspection Rule: By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 86), Senate passed S.J. Res. 28, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes.
                                                         Pages S3131–35 
100th Indianapolis 500 Mile Race: Senate agreed to S. Res. 475, recognizing the 100th running of the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race.
                        Pages S3162–63 
Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 476, designating the month of May 2016 as ‘‘Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month’’.
          Page S3227 
National Minority Health Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 477, promoting minority health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Mi-nority Health Month in April 2016, which include bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Ameri-cans, African Americans, Latino Americans, and Na-tive Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders. 
                                                                                    Pages S3227–28 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:37 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY6.REC D25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D583 May 25, 2016 
National Hawaiian Food Week: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consider-ation of S. Res. 416, recognizing the contributions of Hawaii to the culinary heritage of the United States and designating the week beginning on June 12, 2016, as ‘‘National Hawaiian Food Week’’, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S3228 
Rounds (for Schatz) Amendment No. 4230, to amend the preamble.
                                               Page S3228 
National Cancer Research Month: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consider-ation of S. Res. 459, recognizing the importance of cancer research and the vital contributions of sci-entists, clinicians, cancer survivors, and other patient advocates across the United States who are dedicated to finding a cure for cancer, and designating May 2016, as ‘‘National Cancer Research Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                    Page S3228 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                                         Pages S3135–62, S3163–67 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. 87), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to pro-ceed to consideration of the bill.
                     Page S3135 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, May 26, 2016; and that all time during adjournment, recess, and morning business count post-cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                    Pages S3228–29 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: Patrick A. Burke, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Marshal for the District of Colum-bia for the term of four years.
                             Page S3230 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3170 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3170 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3170 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3171–73 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3173–77 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3170 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3177–S3226 Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S3226–27 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3227 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—87)
                                                                   Page S3135 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:52 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, May 26, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3230.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
IRAN DEAL SANCTIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine under-standing the role of sanctions under the Iran Deal, focusing on Administration perspectives, after receiv-ing testimony from Adam J. Szubin, Acting Under Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence; and Stephen D. Mull, Lead Coordinator for Iran Nuclear Implementation, Department of State. HURRICANE FORECASTING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine im-provements in hurricane forecasting and the path forward, after receiving testimony from Richard Knabb, Director, National Hurricane Center, Na-tional Weather Service, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, Department of Com-merce. INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY STRATEGY Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine international cybersecurity strategy, focusing on deterring foreign threats and building global cyber norms, after receiv-ing testimony from Christopher M. E. Painter, Coor-dinator for Cyber Issues, Department of State. TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on trafficking in persons, focusing on preparing the 2016 annual report from Susan Coppedge, Ambassador-at-Large, Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, William E. Todd, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Aug 02, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD16\MAY2016\D25MY6.REC D25MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD584 May 25, 2016 
of South and Central Asian Affairs, D. Bruce Whar-ton, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, Susan A. Thornton, Principal Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Bureau of East Asian and Pa-cific Affairs, and John S. Creamer, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, all of the Department of State. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-lowing business items: S. 2976, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and sup-port the Department’s efforts to implement better policy, planning, management, and performance, with amendments; S. 2967, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Office of Management and Budget to execute a national biodefense strategy, with amendments; S. 2968, to reauthorize the Office of Special Coun-sel; S. 2964, to eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Accountability Office; S. 2834, to improve the Governmentwide man-agement of unnecessarily duplicative Government programs and for other purposes, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2966, to update the financial disclosure require-ments for judges of the District of Columbia courts, and to make other improvements to the District of Columbia courts, with an amendment; S. 2971, to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System; S. 1378, to strengthen employee cost savings sug-gestions programs within the Federal Government, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2972, to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide transparency and require certain standards in the award of Federal grants, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2975, to provide agencies with discretion in se-curing information technology and information sys-tems, with an amendment; S. 2849, to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information; S. 461, to provide for alternative financing ar-rangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2852, to expand the Government’s use and ad-ministration of data to facilitate transparency, effec-tive governance, and innovation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2970, to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employ-ees of the Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection; S. 231, and H.R. 433, bills to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’; S. 2465, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street in Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office; S. 2891, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 North Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’; H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office’’; H.R. 1132, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’; H.R. 2458, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boule-vard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’; H.R. 2928, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Per-ryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’; H.R. 3082, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’; H.R. 3601, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3735, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’; H.R. 3866, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Build-ing’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:37 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY6.REC D25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D585 May 25, 2016 
H.R. 4046, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office; H.R. 4605, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’; and The nomination of Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5320–5324, 5326–5335; and 6 reso-lutions, and H. Res. 748–750, 752–754, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H3264–65 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H3266 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–594); and H. Res. 751, relating to consideration of the Sen-ate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2577) making ap-propriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–595). 
                                                                                            Page H3264 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Rothfus to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3099 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:31 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H3103 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend Joshua Beckley, Ecclesia Christian Fellowship, San Bernardino, California. 
                                                                                            Page H3103 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the question of adopting a mo-tion to commit on S. 2012 may be subject to post-ponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H3117 
Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016: The House passed S. 2012, to provide for the moderniza-tion of the energy policy of the United States, by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 178 noes, Roll No. 250.
                                                Pages H3117–H3208, H3217–18 
Rejected the Peters motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 178 yeas to 239 nays, Roll No. 249.                                                                                     Pages H3217–18 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–55 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H3117 
H. Res. 744, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (S. 2012) and (H.R. 5233) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 240, after the previous question was or-dered by a yea-and-nay vote of 239 yeas to 176 nays, Roll No. 239.
                                                      Pages H3105–13 
Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 5233, to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the District government and Congress in the local budget process of the District government, by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 179 noes, Roll No. 248.
                                                                          Pages H3208–17 
Rejected the Connolly motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea- and-nay vote of 179 yeas to 239 nays, Roll No. 247. 
                                                                                            Page H3216 
H. Res. 744, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (S. 2012) and (H.R. 5233) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 240, after the previous question was or-dered by a yea-and-nay vote of 239 yeas to 176 nays, Roll No. 239.
                                                      Pages H3105–13 
Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016—Mo-tion to go to Conference: The House agreed by voice vote to the Barton motion to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2012), to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, insist on the House amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
                                                                Pages H3218–20, H3260–61 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:37 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY6.REC D25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD586 May 25, 2016 
Rejected the Grijalva motion to instruct conferees by a yea-and-nay vote of 205 yeas to 212 nays, Roll No. 264.
                                                                Pages H3260–61 
The Chair announced that appointment of con-ferees would occur at a subsequent time.
      Page H3261 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017: The House resumed consideration of H.R. 5055, making appro-priations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. Consideration is expected to continue to-morrow, May 26th.
                       Pages H3113–17, H3220–60 
Agreed to: Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model De-velopment and Validation program; 
                                                                Pages H3223–24, H3225–27 
Black amendment that prohibits the use of funds in contravention of section 642(a) of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996;
                                                                  Pages H3230–31 
Higgins amendment that prohibits the use of funds to be used by the Secretary of Energy to carry out, or for the salary of any officer or employee of the Department of Energy to carry out, the proposed action of the Department to transport target residue material from Ontario, Canada to the United States; 
                                                                                            Page H3237 
Grayson amendment (No. 7 printed in the Con-gressional Record of May 23, 2016) that prohibits the use of funds to enter into contracts with individ-uals or entities convicted of fraud;
                   Page H3237 
Babin amendment (No. 5 printed in the Congres-sional Record of May 23, 2016) that prohibits the use of funds from being used to enter into new con-tracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Islamic Republic of Iran;
               Pages H3237–38 
Meadows amendment that prohibits the use of funds by the Army Corps of Engineers to award con-tracts using the lowest price technically acceptable source selection process unless the source selection decision is documented;
                                         Page H3239 
Jackson Lee amendment that prohibits the use of funds for ‘‘Department of Energy-Energy Programs- Science’’ may be used in contravention of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act;
   Pages H3239–40 
Stivers amendment that prohibits the use of funds for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Continental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound;
                                                                             Page H3240 
Jackson Lee amendment that increases funding, by offset, for the ‘‘Corps of Engineers-Civil—Investiga-tions’’ account, by $3,000,000;
                  Pages H3240–42 
Mullin amendment that prohibits the use of funds, between Nov. 8, 2016 through Jan. 20, 2017 to be used to propose or finalize a regulatory action that is likely to result in a rule that may have an annual effect on the economy of $100,000,000 or more;                                                                        Pages H3242–43 
Jackson Lee amendment that increases funding, by offset, for the ‘‘Corps of Engineers-Civil—Investiga-tions’’ account, by $100,000,000;
            Pages H3243–44 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds to carry out the memorandum from the White House Counsel’s Office to all Executive Department and Agency General Counsels entitled ‘‘Reminder Regarding Document Request’’ dated April 15, 2009;
                                                                       Pages H3244–45 
Engel amendment (No. 6 printed in the Congres-sional Record of May 23, 2016) that prohibits the use of funds by the Department of Energy, the De-partment of the Interior, or any other Federal Agen-cy to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memo-randum;
                                                                          Page H3245 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds by the Department of Energy for the 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan;
                           Pages H3245–46 
Sanford amendment that prohibits the use of funds to provide a loan under section 136 of the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007; 
                                                                                    Pages H3246–47 
Buck amendment that prohibits the use of funds to research, draft, propose, or finalize the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that was published by the De-partment of Energy on December 19, 2014, titled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Dishwashers’’, the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that was published by the Department of Energy on August 13, 2015, titled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’, or the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that was published by the Department of Energy on August 19, 2015, titled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Refrigerated Bottled or Canned Vend-ing Machines’’;
                                                    Pages H3247–48 
Pittenger amendment (No. 34 printed in the Con-gressional Record of May 24, 2016) that prohibits the use of funds to revoke funding previously award-ed to or within the State of North Carolina (by a re-corded vote of 227 ayes to 192 noes, Roll No. 255); 
                                                                Pages H3220–21, H3254–55 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance related to the Social Cost of Carbon (by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 188 noes, Roll No. 256);
                                                                         Pages H3255–56 
Sean Patrick Maloney (NY) amendment, as amended by the Pitts amendment (agreed to by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:37 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY6.REC D25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D587 May 25, 2016 
voice vote), that prohibits the use of funds in con-travention of Executive Order No. 13672 of July 21, 2014 (’’Further Amendments to Executive order 11478, Equal Employment in the Federal Govern-ment, and Executive Order 11246, Equal Employ-ment Opportunity’’ and ‘‘except as required by the First Amendment, the Fourteenth Amendment, and Article I of the Constitution’’ (by a recorded vote of 223 ayes to 195 noes, Roll No. 258); 
                                                                Pages H3234–36, H3256–57 
Byrne amendment that prohibits the use of funds in contravention of the Religious Freedom Restora-tion Act of 1993, Executive Order 13279, or the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (by a re-corded vote of 233 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 259); and
                                                         Pages H3236–37, H3257–58 
DeSantis amendment that prohibits the use of funds to purchase heavy water from Iran (by a re-corded vote of 251 ayes to 168 noes, Roll No. 263). 
                                                                Pages H3251–52, H3259–60 
Rejected: Clawson (FL) amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to increase funding, by offset, for Army Corps of Engineers, Construction, by $50,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 143 ayes to 275 noes, Roll No. 241);
                                        Pages H3113–14 
McNerney amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to strike General Provisions, De-partment of the Interior, related to California state water projects (by a recorded vote of 169 ayes to 247 noes, Roll No. 242);
                                                Page H3114 
Griffith amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to reduce the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Program by $50,000,000, and increase the Fossil Energy Research and Devel-opment Program by $45,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 182 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 243); 
                                                                                    Pages H3114–15 
Buck amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to zero out the accounts for Plant or Fa-cility Acquisition, Construction, or Expansion of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Programs and apply the $3,481,616,000 in savings to the Spend-ing Reduction Account (by a recorded vote of 80 ayes to 339 noes, Roll No. 244);
              Pages H3115–16 
Polis amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to increase funds for Energy efficiency and renewable energy by $9,750,000 and decrease funds for fossil energy research and development by $13,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 167 ayes to 251 noes, Roll No. 245);
                                                Page H3116 
Polis amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to zero out the Fossil Energy Research and Development fund and apply the $285,000,000 in savings to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 144 ayes to 275 noes, Roll No. 246);                                                                         Pages H3116–17 
Welch amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to increase funding, by offset, for the Northern Border Regional Commission, by $2,500,000 (agreed by unanimous consent to with-draw the earlier request for a recorded vote); 
                                                                                            Page H3220 
Garamendi amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the Bureau of Reclamation to issue a permit for California WaterFix or, with re-spect to California WaterFix;
                      Pages H3222–23 
Garamendi amendment (No. 29 printed in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2016) that sought to reduce National Nuclear Security Administra-tion—Weapons Activities by $100 million and pro-hibit the use of funds, in excess of $120,253,000 to be used for the W80–4 Life Extension Program; 
                                                                                    Pages H3224–25 
Yoho amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the Department of Energy to employ in excess of 95 percent of the Department’s total num-ber of employees as of the date of the enactment of this Act;
                                                                 Pages H3228–29 
Byrne amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds for the Energy Information Administration; reduce funds for Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Energy Information Administration to $0;
                                                                             Pages H3233–34 
Lowenthal amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds in contravention of Executive Order No. 13547 or to implement, administer, or enforce sec-tion 506;
                                                                Pages H3238–39 
Weber (TX) amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to zero out the Innovative Tech-nology Guarantee program and apply the $7,000,000 in savings to the spending reduction ac-count (by a recorded vote of 158 ayes to 260 noes, Roll No. 251);
                                                            Page H3252 
Ellison amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to redirect $1,000,000 in funding with-in Departmental Administration, Department of En-ergy (by a recorded vote of 174 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 252);
                                                    Pages H3252–53 
Farr amendment (No. 1 printed in the Congres-sional Record of May 23, 2016) that was debated on May 24th that sought to strike section 506 per-taining to the further implementation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Pol-icy (by a recorded vote of 189 ayes to 228 noes, Roll No. 253);
                                                               Pages H3253–54 
Garamendi amendment that was debated on May 24th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to ex-pand plutonium pit production capacity at the PF–4 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:37 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY6.REC D25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD588 May 25, 2016 
facility at Los Alamos National Laboratory (by a re-corded vote of 126 ayes to 293 noes, Roll No. 254); 
                                                                                            Page H3254 
Foster amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the Secretary of Energy for the Experi-mental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (by a recorded vote of 206 ayes to 213 noes, Roll No. 257);
                                                 Pages H3229–30, H3256 
Blackburn amendment (No. 14 printed in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2016) that sought to reduce funding in the bill by 1 percent (by a re-corded vote of 158 ayes to 258 noes, Roll No. 260); 
                                                                      Pages H3248–49, H3258 
Smith (MO) amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the Army Corps of Engineers to implement, administer, or enforce the last four words of subparagraph (B) of section 1341(a)(1) of title 31, with respect to crevassing levees under the Birds Point-New Madrid Floodway Operations Plan (by a recorded vote of 119 ayes to 300 noes, Roll No. 261); and
                                  Pages H3249–50, H3258–59 
Walker amendment that sought to reduce funds by the following amounts: Energy Efficiency and Re-newable Energy, $400,000; Nuclear Energy, $25,455,000; Fossil Energy Research and Develop-ment, $13,000,000; Strategic Petroleum Reserve, $45,000,000; Non-Defense Environmental Cleanup, $2,400,000; Science, $49,800,000; Advanced Re-search Projects Agency—Energy, $14,889,000; Power Marketing Administrations—Construction, Rehabilitation, Operation and Maintenance, Western Area Power Administration, $2,209,000; and Nu-clear Regulatory Commission—Salaries and Ex-penses, $32,132,000 (by a recorded vote of 128 ayes to 291 noes, Roll No. 262).
           Pages H3250–51, H3259 
Withdrawn: Byrne amendment that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have allowed the Army Corps of Engineers Chief Engineer to give pri-ority to Dog River, Fowl River, Fly Creek, Bayou Coden, and Bayou La Batre projects; and
     Page H3232 
McNerney amendment that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds to issue Federal debt forgiveness or cap-ital repayment forgiveness for any district or entity served by the Central Valley Project if the district or entity has been subject to an order from Securities and Exchange Commission.
                          Pages H3232–33 
Point of Order sustained against: Al Green (TX) amendment (No. 24 printed in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2016) that sought to provide an additional $311 million for Construc-tion, Army Corps of Engineers for flood control projects and storm damage reduction projects; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3227–28 McNerney amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds for a project under investigation by the Inspector General of the Department of the Interior during calendar years 2015, 2016, or 2017. 
                                                                                    Pages H3231–32 
H. Res. 743, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) was agreed to yesterday, May 24th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, May 26th.
        Pages H3261, H3262 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and twenty-one recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3112, H3112–13, H3113–14, H3114, H3114–15, H3115–16, H3116, H3116–17, H3216, H3216–17, H3217–18, H3218, H3252, H3253, H3253–54, H3254, H3254–55, H3255–56, H3256, H3256–57, H3257–58, H3258, H3258–59, H3259, H3260, and H3260–61. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:25 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FOOD WASTE FROM FIELD TO TABLE Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Food Waste from Field to Table’’. Tes-timony was heard from Representative Pingree and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a markup on Financial Services and General Government Ap-propriations Bill, FY 2017. The Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a markup on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017. The Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill, FY 2017, was forwarded to the full com-mittee, without amendment. RECLAIMING CONGRESSIONAL AUTHORITY THROUGH THE POWER OF THE PURSE Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Reclaiming Congressional Authority Through the Power of the Purse’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:37 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY6.REC D25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D589 May 25, 2016 
PROMOTING SAFE WORKPLACES THROUGH EFFECTIVE AND RESPONSIBLE RECORDKEEPING STANDARDS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting Safe Workplaces Through Effec-tive and Responsible Recordkeeping Standards’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING CYBERSECURITY RESPONSIBILITIES AT HHS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Cybersecurity Responsibilities at HHS’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL OVERSIGHT: IMPLEMENTATION AND ITS CONSEQUENCES, PART II Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Iran Nuclear Deal Oversight: Im-plementation and Its Consequences, Part II’’. Testi-mony was heard from Stephen D. Mull, Lead Coor-dinator for Iran Nuclear Implementation, Depart-ment of State; Thomas M. Countryman, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of International Security and Non-proliferation, Department of State; and Adam J. Szubin, Acting Under Secretary, Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, Department of the Treas-ury. TUNISIA’S STRUGGLE FOR STABILITY, SECURITY, AND DEMOCRACY Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Tunisia’s Struggle for Stability, Security, and Democracy’’. Testimony was heard from John Desrocher, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Egypt and Maghreb Affairs, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, De-partment of State; and Maria Longi, Deputy Assist-ant Administrator, Bureau for the Middle East, U.S. Agency for International Development. LONG LINES, SHORT PATIENCE: THE TSA AIRPORT SCREENING EXPERIENCE Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Long Lines, Short Patience: The TSA Airport Screening Experience’’. Testimony was heard from Peter V. Neffenger, Administrator, Transportation Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5203, the ‘‘Visa Integrity and Secu-rity Act of 2016’’; H.R. 3636, the ‘‘O–VISA Act’’; and H.R. 5283, the ‘‘Due Process Act’’. The fol-lowing bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 5203, H.R. 3636, and H.R. 5283. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee con-cluded a markup on H.R. 5278, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act’’. H.R. 5278 was ordered reported, as amended. EXPLORING 21ST CENTURY MINING SAFETY, ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL, AND TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring 21st Century Mining Safety, Environ-mental Control, and Technological Innovation’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. FEDERAL AGENCIES’ RELIANCE ON OUTDATED AND UNSUPPORTED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY: A TICKING TIME BOMB Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Agen-cies’ Reliance on Outdated and Unsupported Infor-mation Technology: A Ticking Time Bomb’’. Testi-mony was heard from Dave Powner, Director, IT Management Issues, Government Accountability Of-fice; Terry Milholland, Chief Technology Officer, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury; Terry Halvorsen, Chief Information Officer, Depart-ment of Defense; Beth Killoran, Acting Deputy As-sistant, Secretary for Information Technology and Chief Information Officer, Department of Health and Human Services; and Tony Scott, Federal Chief Information Officer, Office of Management and Budget. SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on the Senate amendment to H.R. 2577, the ‘‘Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. The com-mittee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a rule that provides that the House concurs in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2577 with an amendment con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–56. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House insist on its amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2577 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Aug 17, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD16\MAY2016\D25MY6.REC D25MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD590 May 25, 2016 
SCIENCE OF ZIKA: THE DNA OF AN EPIDEMIC Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 5312, the ‘‘Net-working and Information Technology Research and Development Modernization Act of 2016’’; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Science of Zika: The DNA of an Epidemic’’. H.R. 5312 was ordered reported, with-out amendment. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5303, the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’; H. Con. Res. 131, authorizing the use of Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olym-pics Law Enforcement Torch Run; and General Serv-ices Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions. H.R. 5303 was ordered re-ported, as amended. H. Con. Res. 131 was ordered reported, without amendment. The General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Pro-gram Resolutions were approved. PROTECTING SMALL BUSINESSES FROM IRS ABUSE Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Oversight held a hearing on protecting small busi-nesses from IRS abuse. Testimony was heard from Richard Weber, Chief, Criminal Investigation, Inter-nal Revenue Service; John Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service; and Kenneth Blanco, Dep-uty Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, Department of Justice. PERSPECTIVES ON THE NEED FOR TAX REFORM Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Tax Policy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Perspectives on the Need for Tax Reform’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
IMPACT OF ROBOTS AND AUTOMATION Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the transformative impact of ro-bots and automation, after receiving testimony from Andrew McAfee, Massachusetts Institute of Tech-nology, Cambridge; and Adam Keiper, Ethics and Public Policy Center, and Harry J. Holzer, George-town University McCourt School of Public Policy, Washington, D.C. CORRUPTION IN BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine combating corruption in Bosnia and Herzegovina, after receiv-ing testimony from Thomas Melia, Assistant Admin-istrator for Europe and Eurasia, United States Agen-cy for International Development; Jonathan M. Moore, Head of the OSCE Mission to Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Valery Perry, Democratization Pol-icy Council, both of Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina; and Srdjan Blagovcanin, Transparency International, Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina. f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 26, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold hearings to examine a review of the United States live-stock and poultry sectors, focusing on marketplace oppor-tunities and challenges, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, 2017’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on West-ern Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine cartels and the United States heroin epidemic, focusing on combating drug violence and the public health crisis, 9 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine protecting America from the threat of ISIS, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 356, to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications, and S. 2944, to require ade-quate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefit pro-gram, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Small Business Ad-ministration’s 7(a) loan guaranty program, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Readiness, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Navy Force Structure and Readi-ness: Perspectives from the Fleet’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:37 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY6.REC D25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D591 May 25, 2016 Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on S. 1635, the ‘‘Department of State Operations Author-ization and Embassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The ISIS Genocide Declaration: What Next?’’, 12 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-portation Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Long Lines, Short Patience: Local Perspectives’’, 9 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Social Security Administration: Information Systems Review’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Impact of EPA’s Clean Power Plan on States’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Sharing Economy: A Taxing Experience for New Entrepreneurs, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:37 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY6.REC D25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD592 May 25, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act, post-cloture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, May 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 5055—Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017. Consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 2577—Transportation, Hous-ing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E793 Capps, Lois, Calif., E786 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E786 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E797 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E791 Cook, Paul, Calif., E790 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E786 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E788 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E785 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E789, E792, E794 Granger, Kay, Tex., E791 Graves, Tom, Ga., E789 Green, Gene, Tex., E785, E788 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E788 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E789 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E787, E790 Johnson, Sam, Tex., E796 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E788 Keating, William R., Mass., E793 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E787, E791 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E785 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E788 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E791 Messer, Luke, Ind., E790 Olson, Pete, Tex., E787, E789, E790, E793, E794 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E789 Poe, Ted, Tex., E790, E796 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E794 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E785 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E795 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E795 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E792 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E794 Titus, Dina, Nev., E785 Valadao, David G., Calif., E794 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E787 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E786 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E786 Whitfield, Ed, Ky., E791 Young, David, Iowa, E795, E795, E795, E796, E796, E797, E797, E797, E797 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:37 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25MY6.REC D25MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST