Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H777 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2016 No. 26 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As Members prepare to return to their home districts, endow them with ears to hear the voices of their con-stituents—those who voted for them and those who did not. It is the strength of our representative democ-racy that all have a voice in the gov-erning of the Nation. Our Nation will soon be remembering Presidents Washington and Lincoln, gi-ants of America’s history. One presided over a Nation united in its inception behind their President, the other over a Nation divided soon after his elec-tion. May each of their examples be an inspiration to all Americans that faith-fulness to the laws of our land and the hope of our Founders is the responsi-bility of us all to bring to our political discourse. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHIFF led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING DONALD ‘‘BUDDY’’ WRAY (Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Donald ‘‘Buddy’’ Wray, a great Arkansan and American, a dear friend who passed away in January. A native of Des Arc, Buddy earned a bachelor’s degree in animal husbandry from the University of Arkansas. He spent time in the Army and later the Army Guard before joining a small poultry company in 1961 called Tyson Feed and Hatchery, today known as Tyson Foods. For over 50 years, Buddy was instru-mental in everything the company did. As president and COO, he helped build Tyson Foods into one of the world’s leading food companies and a major contributor to our State’s economy. In addition to his career, Buddy was also dedicated to the northwest Arkan-sas community, especially Springdale. He was a member of the Kiwanis Club and served on countless boards—Har-ding University, the University of Ar-kansas, and the College of the Ozarks, to name a few. He was also a man of faith, dedicated to the Robinson Ave-nue Church of Christ in Springdale. Buddy will be missed by his many family members, countless friends, the community, and the Tyson Foods fam-ily, but we find comfort in remem-bering Buddy’s famous words: ‘‘Look behind with no regrets . . . look for-ward with no fear.’’ Knowing his deter-mination to live that message resulted in a life that made a difference. Rest in peace, Buddy Wray. f 
EULICE BRANDON GARRETT (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Eulice Brandon Garrett, who, after nearly 3 years of serving the Windy City and Illinois’ Second Congressional District as my chief of staff, is leaving for the sunny skies of L.A. BG, as he is affectionately known, is exactly the type of servant leader this country deserves. Brandon began his career in 2006 as a policy adviser to Congressman Bill Jef-ferson of Louisiana. Later he served as legislative director to Congresswoman M
ARCIA FUDGE of Ohio and policy direc-tor of the Congressional Black Caucus. After a brief stint as policy director to Vice President J
OEBIDEN’s 2012 re-election campaign, I was lucky to have Brandon take a gamble on me and agree to serve as my chief of staff. For nearly 3 years, he has worked tirelessly for the residents of the Second Con-gressional District. BG, you are truly one of a kind, from your very unique fashion to your quick smile and your cool demeanor and abil-ity to make everyone you meet feel like they are your best friend. It was my honor and privilege to call you my chief. On behalf of the families of the Sec-ond Congressional District and this Congress, thank you. 
f 
RETIRED U.S. AIR FORCE COLONEL CARLYLE ‘‘SMITTY’’ HARRIS (Mr. KELLY of Mississippi asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.000 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH778 February 12, 2016 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize re-tired United States Air Force Colonel Carlyle ‘‘Smitty’’ Harris of Tupelo, Mississippi. On this day in 1973, after nearly 8 years of being held as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, he was released to be re-united with his wife, Louise; his daugh-ters, Robin and Carolyn; and his son, Lyle, who was born 1 month after he was captured. Colonel Harris became a POW on April 4, 1965, when his F–105 Thunderchief was shot down by enemy fire while he was on a mission to at-tack a bridge known as the Dragon’s Jaw, an important target in northern Vietnam. After he was captured, he was then transported to the well- known Hanoi Hilton. Colonel Harris taught his fellow pris-oners a vital way of communicating with each other through a method called the tap code. This gave the men the ability to communicate without speaking, establishing a chain of com-mand and boosting morale. While he experienced cruelty, torture, and isola-tion, he was able to find solace in his faith in God, love for his country, and hope of seeing his family again. Colonel Harris embodies the charac-teristics that make you proud to be an American. Thank you, Colonel Harris, for your service. I join you in celebrating this happy anniversary of your home-coming. 
f 
PORTER RANCH (Mr. SCHIFF asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the environmental tragedy affecting residents in Porter Ranch. Just a few miles from my district, and until yesterday, methane gas con-tinued to leak into the air from one of the wells, spewing 110,000 pounds of methane per hour. This leak began last October. The full health and environ-mental impacts of this unmitigated disaster may not be known for many years, and already it has displaced thousands of families and caused innu-merable illnesses and property losses. Today I am calling on the U.S. De-partment of Energy to lead a com-prehensive investigation into what caused this leak, its inadequate re-sponse, and to provide recommenda-tions for mitigating the damage and preventing future incidents. This trag-edy must never be repeated. Between Porter Ranch and Flint, Michigan, it is clear that both the gov-ernment and the private sector are far from placing the priority we need on our families’ health and their safety. 
f 
SPECIAL OLYMPICS IN PENNSYLVANIA (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, I was honored to host Christa Mereen in Washington. Christa has competed in the Special Olympics as an athlete for 15 years. Recently, more than 300 ath-letes participated in the winter games in Pennsylvania, with 135 coaches and more than 1,000 volunteers. Pennsylvania’s Special Olympics in-cludes many athletes from Pennsylva-nia’s Fifth Congressional District, in-cluding Potter County athlete Denise Menderler. Denise is highly accom-plished, having earned 110 medals, in-cluding many gold honors. Denise gives back to her community as a peer advo-cate and a Potter County Human Serv-ices Advisory Board member. Denise’s story is just like so many who partici-pate in the Special Olympics who rise above challenges and excel in sports, from skiing to figure skating, speed skating, and snow shoeing. Mr. Speaker, on March 5 and 6, the skills of our Special Olympians will again be on display at the State Floor Hockey Tournament at Bald Eagle Area High School in my home district. I look forward to seeing them compete in person. f 
NORTH CAROLINA PANTHERS (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the NFC Champion North Carolina Panthers. I have the privilege of representing North Caro-lina’s 12th Congressional District in Congress, home to the beloved Pan-thers. Week after week, the Panthers gave their game their all and breezed through the season nearly undefeated. With each game came new rounds of support as the Carolina fan base swarmed to uncharted numbers. I am certain the Carolina Panthers put in long and hard hours of practice which led them to Super Bowl 50. The Pan-thers have had an amazing season. I know I speak for all North Carolina fans when I say the Panthers did an amazing job making North Carolina proud to call them their home team. What a phenomenal trek to the Super Bowl. To Carolina’s own NFL MVP, Cam Newton, thanks for leading the charge and inspiring so many fans, young and old. Based off this season’s performance, I know that next year the Panthers will keep pounding all the way to Super Bowl LI and bring home the Lombardi Trophy. Keep pounding. 
f 
UNITED SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS’ 75TH ANNIVERSARY (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anni-versary of the United Service Organiza-tions, known to all of us as the USO. For 75 years, the USO has supported and strengthened the life of our serv-icemembers and their families at home and throughout the more than 160 countries in the world. I am deeply grateful for those who serve our Nation, as I have had loved ones proudly wearing our Nation’s uni-form, and still do. USO goes above and beyond to adapt its programs to our servicemembers’ needs. They boost morale by helping them connect with their families and their home while overseas, as well as assisting with the transition back to civilian life and providing support and care for the wounded and for the fami-lies of the fallen. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to pay tribute to the outstanding commitment of the USO and their excellent work over the last 75 years. f 
TALLAHASSEE DEMOCRAT’S 25 WOMEN YOU NEED TO KNOW (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I stand to bring attention to the Talla-hassee Democrat’s 25 Women You Need to Know. For 10 years, the Democrat has named 25 women who deserve recogni-tion from our community. These women have not only excelled in their professional careers, but they also do-nate their time and talents toward vol-unteering and giving back to our com-munity. For the second year in a row, the paper is also naming five young women to watch: Bliss Wilson, Cassidy Craig, Jordyn Berrian, Micah Joyner, and Zenani D. Johnson. These young women are only in high school but al-ready have impressive resumes, and I know they are going to go on to do great things. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Democrat for their service to our community in recognizing these women, and I ap-plaud this year’s 25 women and 5 young women on all of their accomplish-ments. 
f 
NEW OIL TAXES COST AMERICAN FAMILIES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Obama has proposed a new $10- per-barrel tax on oil. That represents 24 cents in new taxes on every gallon of gas. That is right, 24 cents per gallon of new cost for families. When families are finally feeling the benefit of lower cost fuel, this President proposes a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.002 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H779 February 12, 2016 
plan to take those savings away from families. Worse, this new tax on driving will actually go to fund pie-in-the-sky gov-ernment boondoggles like California’s high-speed rail projects and many other pet projects of the President. That pet project in California has tri-pled in price since its first inception. The American people paid a record amount of taxes last year to the Treas-ury, over $3.2 trillion, or nearly $22,000 per working American; yet there are those in government who still want to take more and spend more. I say ‘‘no’’—no more taxes on the American family; no more wasted bil-lions of dollars on the President’s and California Governor Brown’s pet projects. I urge my colleagues to join me and put this country, instead, on a bal-anced budget track. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARTIN GROSS (Ms. KUSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember a wonderful man, former mayor of Concord, New Hamp-shire, Martin Gross. Marty was a pillar of the Granite State community; and, to me, he was a beloved mentor, teach-er, and friend. As mayor of Concord, he gave so much to the city I grew up in. We see the effects of his legacy every day, walking down the streets of the his-toric city he helped restore and bring to life. As a prominent lawyer, he was known among his colleagues for being a mentor to young lawyers who looked up to him and strove to follow in his footsteps as they learned to love the law. As an activist, he inspired genera-tions of Granite Staters to give back to their community, whether through community service, volunteering, or running for office. As a strategist for generations of New Hampshire politicians, he helped make the dream of public service a re-ality. Let’s all join together to remember Martin, a man whose friendship, loy-alty, kindheartedness, and dedication to his town, State, and community will never be forgotten. 
f 
b0915 ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will post-pone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 757) to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; purposes. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—INVESTIGATIONS, PROHIBITED CONDUCT, AND PENALTIES Sec. 101. Statement of policy. Sec. 102. Investigations. Sec. 103. Reporting requirements. Sec. 104. Designation of persons. Sec. 105. Forfeiture of property. TITLE II—SANCTIONS AGAINST NORTH KO-REAN PROLIFERATION, HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES, AND ILLICIT ACTIVITIES Sec. 201. Determinations with respect to North Korea as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern. Sec. 202. Ensuring the consistent enforcement of United Nations Security Coun-cil resolutions and financial re-strictions on North Korea. Sec. 203. Proliferation prevention sanctions. Sec. 204. Procurement sanctions. Sec. 205. Enhanced inspection authorities. Sec. 206. Travel sanctions. Sec. 207. Travel recommendations for United States citizens to North Korea. Sec. 208. Exemptions, waivers, and removals of designation. Sec. 209. Report on and imposition of sanctions to address persons responsible for knowingly engaging in significant activities undermining cybersecu-rity. Sec. 210. Codification of sanctions with respect to North Korean activities under-mining cybersecurity. Sec. 211. Sense of Congress on trilateral co-operation between the United States, South Korea, and Japan. TITLE III—PROMOTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS Sec. 301. Information technology. Sec. 302. Strategy to promote North Korean human rights. Sec. 303. Report on North Korean prison camps. Sec. 304. Report on and imposition of sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses or censorship in North Korea. TITLE IV—GENERAL AUTHORITIES Sec. 401. Suspension of sanctions and other measures. Sec. 402. Termination of sanctions and other measures. Sec. 403. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 404. Rulemaking. Sec. 405. Authority to consolidate reports. Sec. 406. Effective date. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; PURPOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The Government of North Korea— (A) has repeatedly violated its commitments to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible dis-mantlement of its nuclear weapons programs; and (B) has willfully violated multiple United Na-tions Security Council resolutions calling for North Korea to cease development, testing, and production of weapons of mass destruction. (2) Based on its past actions, including the transfer of sensitive nuclear and missile tech-nology to state sponsors of terrorism, North Korea poses a grave risk for the proliferation of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass de-struction. (3) The Government of North Korea has been implicated repeatedly in money laundering and other illicit activities, including— (A) prohibited arms sales; (B) narcotics trafficking; (C) the counterfeiting of United States cur-rency; (D) significant activities undermining cyberse-curity; and (E) the counterfeiting of intellectual property of United States persons. (4) North Korea has— (A) unilaterally withdrawn from the Agree-ment Concerning a Military Armistice in Korea, signed at Panmunjom July 27, 1953 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Korean War Armistice Agree-ment’’); and (B) committed provocations against South Korea— (i) by sinking the warship Cheonan and kill-ing 46 of her crew on March 26, 2010; (ii) by shelling Yeonpyeong Island and killing 4 South Korean civilians on November 23, 2010; (iii) by its involvement in the ‘‘DarkSeoul’’ cyberattacks against the financial and commu-nications interests of South Korea on March 20, 2013; and (iv) by planting land mines near a guard post in the South Korean portion of the demilitarized zone that maimed 2 South Korean soldiers on August 4, 2015. (5) North Korea maintains a system of brutal political prison camps that contain as many as 200,000 men, women, and children, who are— (A) kept in atrocious living conditions with insufficient food, clothing, and medical care; and (B) under constant fear of torture or arbitrary execution. (6) North Korea has prioritized weapons pro-grams and the procurement of luxury goods— (A) in defiance of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), and 2094 (2013); and (B) in gross disregard of the needs of the peo-ple of North Korea. (7) Persons, including financial institutions, who engage in transactions with, or provide fi-nancial services to, the Government of North Korea and its financial institutions without es-tablishing sufficient financial safeguards against North Korea’s use of such transactions to promote proliferation, weapons trafficking, human rights violations, illicit activity, and the purchase of luxury goods— (A) aid and abet North Korea’s misuse of the international financial system; and (B) violate the intent of the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in para-graph (6)(A). (8) The Government of North Korea has pro-vided technical support and conducted destruc-tive and coercive cyberattacks, including against Sony Pictures Entertainment and other United States persons. (9) The conduct of the Government of North Korea poses an imminent threat to— (A) the security of the United States and its allies; (B) the global economy; (C) the safety of members of the United States Armed Forces; (D) the integrity of the global financial sys-tem; (E) the integrity of global nonproliferation programs; and (F) the people of North Korea. (10) The Government of North Korea has sponsored acts of international terrorism, in-cluding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.003 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH780 February 12, 2016 
(A) attempts to assassinate defectors and human rights activists; and (B) the shipment of weapons to terrorists and state sponsors of terrorism. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are— (1) to use nonmilitary means to address the crisis described in subsection (a); (2) to provide diplomatic leverage to negotiate necessary changes in the conduct of the Govern-ment of North Korea; (3) to ease the suffering of the people of North Korea; and (4) to reaffirm the purposes set forth in section 4 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7802). 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPLICABLE EXECUTIVE ORDER .—The term ‘‘applicable Executive order’’ means— (A) Executive Order 13382 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of weapons of mass destruction proliferators and their supporters), Executive Order 13466 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; re-lating to continuing certain restrictions with re-spect to North Korea and North Korean nation-als), Executive Order 13551 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of certain persons with respect to North Korea), Executive Order 13570 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to prohib-iting certain transactions with respect to North Korea), Executive Order 13619 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of persons threatening the peace, security, or stability of Burma), Executive Order 13687 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to imposing additional sanctions with respect to North Korea), or Executive Order 13694 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of certain persons engag-ing in significant malicious cyber-enabled ac-tivities), to the extent that such Executive order— (i) authorizes the imposition of sanctions on persons for conduct with respect to North Korea; (ii) prohibits transactions or activities involv-ing the Government of North Korea; or (iii) otherwise imposes sanctions with respect to North Korea; and (B) any Executive order adopted on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, to the ex-tent that such Executive order— (i) authorizes the imposition of sanctions on persons for conduct with respect to North Korea; (ii) prohibits transactions or activities involv-ing the Government of North Korea; or (iii) otherwise imposes sanctions with respect to North Korea. (2) A
PPLICABLE UNITED NATIONS SECURITY  
COUNCIL RESOLUTION .—The term ‘‘applicable United Nations Security Council resolution’’ means— (A) United Nations Security Council Resolu-tion 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), or 2094 (2013); and (B) any United Nations Security Council reso-lution adopted on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act that— (i) authorizes the imposition of sanctions on persons for conduct with respect to North Korea; (ii) prohibits transactions or activities involv-ing the Government of North Korea; or (iii) otherwise imposes sanctions with respect to North Korea. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives. (4) D
ESIGNATED PERSON .—The term ‘‘des-ignated person’’ means a person designated under subsection (a) or (b) of section 104 for purposes of applying 1 or more of the sanctions described in title I or II with respect to the per-son. (5) GOVERNMENT OF NORTH KOREA .—The term ‘‘Government of North Korea’’ means the Gov-ernment of North Korea and its agencies, instru-mentalities, and controlled entities. (6) H
UMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘‘humanitarian assistance’’ means assistance to meet humanitarian needs, including needs for food, medicine, medical supplies, clothing, and shelter. (7) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘in-telligence community’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). (8) L
UXURY GOODS .—The term ‘‘luxury goods’’— (A) has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 746.4(b)(1) of title 15, Code of Federal Regu-lations; and (B) includes the items listed in Supplement No. 1 to part 746 of such title, and any similar items. (9) M
ONETARY INSTRUMENTS .—The term ‘‘mon-etary instruments’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5312(a) of title 31, United States Code. (10) N
ORTH KOREA .—The term ‘‘North Korea’’ means the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (11) N
ORTH KOREAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .— The term ‘‘North Korean financial institution’’ means any financial institution that— (A) is organized under the laws of North Korea or any jurisdiction within North Korea (including a foreign branch of such an institu-tion); (B) is located in North Korea, except for a fi-nancial institution that is excluded by the Presi-dent in accordance with section 208(c); (C) is owned or controlled by the Government of North Korea, regardless of location; or (D) is owned or controlled by a financial insti-tution described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C), regardless of location. (12) S
IGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDERMINING CY -
BERSECURITY .—The term ‘‘significant activities undermining cybersecurity’’ includes— (A) significant efforts to— (i) deny access to or degrade, disrupt, or de-stroy an information and communications tech-nology system or network; or (ii) exfiltrate information from such a system or network without authorization; (B) significant destructive malware attacks; (C) significant denial of service activities; and (D) such other significant activities described in regulations promulgated to implement section 104. (13) S
OUTH KOREA .—The term ‘‘South Korea’’ means the Republic of Korea. (14) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. TITLE I—INVESTIGATIONS, PROHIBITED CONDUCT, AND PENALTIES 
SEC. 101. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
In order to achieve the peaceful disarmament of North Korea, Congress finds that it is nec-essary— (1) to encourage all member states of the United Nations to fully and promptly implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 2094 (2013); (2) to sanction the persons, including finan-cial institutions, that facilitate proliferation, il-licit activities, arms trafficking, cyberterrorism, imports of luxury goods, serious human rights abuses, cash smuggling, and censorship by the Government of North Korea; (3) to authorize the President to sanction per-sons who fail to exercise due diligence to ensure that such financial institutions and member states do not facilitate proliferation, arms traf-ficking, kleptocracy, or imports of luxury goods by the Government of North Korea; (4) to deny the Government of North Korea access to the funds it uses to develop or obtain nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles, cyberwarfare capabilities, and luxury goods instead of pro-viding for the needs of the people of North Korea; and (5) to enforce sanctions in a manner that does not significantly hinder or delay the efforts of legitimate United States or foreign humani-tarian organizations from providing assistance to meet the needs of civilians facing humani-tarian crisis, including access to food, health care, shelter, and clean drinking water, to pre-vent or alleviate human suffering. SEC. 102. INVESTIGATIONS. 
(a) I NITIATION .—The President shall initiate an investigation into the possible designation of a person under section 104(a) upon receipt by the President of credible information indicating that such person has engaged in conduct de-scribed in section 104(a). (b) P
ERSONNEL .—The President may direct the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treas-ury, and the heads of other Federal departments and agencies as may be necessary to assign suf-ficient experienced and qualified investigators, attorneys, and technical personnel— (1) to investigate the conduct described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 104; and (2) to coordinate and ensure the effective en-forcement of this Act. 
SEC. 103. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) P RESIDENTIAL BRIEFINGS TO CONGRESS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the President shall provide a briefing to the ap-propriate congressional committees on efforts to implement this Act. (b) R
EPORT FROM SECRETARY OF STATE.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall conduct, coordinate, and submit to Congress a comprehensive report on United States policy to-wards North Korea that— (1) is based on a full and complete interagency review of current policies and possible alter-natives, including with respect to North Korea’s weapons of mass destruction and missile pro-grams, human rights atrocities, and significant activities undermining cybersecurity; and (2) includes recommendations for such legisla-tive or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate based on the results of the review. 
SEC. 104. DESIGNATION OF PERSONS. 
(a) M ANDATORY DESIGNATIONS .—Except as provided in section 208, the President shall des-ignate under this subsection any person that the President determines— (1) knowingly, directly or indirectly, imports, exports, or reexports to, into, or from North Korea any goods, services, or technology con-trolled for export by the United States because of the use of such goods, services, or technology for weapons of mass destruction or delivery sys-tems for such weapons and materially contrib-utes to the use, development, production, posses-sion, or acquisition by any person of a nuclear, radiological, chemical, or biological weapon or any device or system designed in whole or in part to deliver such a weapon; (2) knowingly, directly or indirectly, provides training, advice, or other services or assistance, or engages in significant financial transactions, relating to the manufacture, maintenance, or use of any such weapon, device, or system to be imported, exported, or reexported to, into, or from North Korea; (3) knowingly, directly or indirectly, imports, exports, or reexports luxury goods to or into North Korea; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.001 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H781 February 12, 2016 
(4) knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates censorship by the Government of North Korea; (5) knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates serious human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea; (6) knowingly, directly or indirectly, engages in money laundering, the counterfeiting of goods or currency, bulk cash smuggling, or nar-cotics trafficking that supports the Government of North Korea or any senior official or person acting for or on behalf of that Government; (7) knowingly engages in significant activities undermining cybersecurity through the use of computer networks or systems against foreign persons, governments, or other entities on behalf of the Government of North Korea; (8) knowingly, directly or indirectly, sells, supplies, or transfers to or from the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government, a significant amount of precious metal, graphite, raw or semi-finished metals or aluminum, steel, coal, or software, for use by or in industrial processes directly related to weapons of mass destruction and delivery systems for such weapons, other proliferation activities, the Korean Workers’ Party, armed forces, internal security, or intelligence activi-ties, or the operation and maintenance of polit-ical prison camps or forced labor camps, includ-ing outside of North Korea; (9) knowingly, directly or indirectly, imports, exports, or reexports to, into, or from North Korea any arms or related materiel; or (10) knowingly attempts to engage in any of the conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (9). (b) A
DDITIONAL DISCRETIONARY DESIGNA -
TIONS .— (1) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT DESCRIBED .—Except as provided in section 208, the President may designate under this subsection any person that the President determines— (A) knowingly engages in, contributes to, as-sists, sponsors, or provides financial, material or technological support for, or goods and services in support of, any person designated pursuant to an applicable United Nations Security Coun-cil resolution; (B) knowingly contributed to— (i) the bribery of an official of the Government of North Korea or any person acting for on be-half of that official; (ii) the misappropriation, theft, or embezzle-ment of public funds by, or for the benefit of, an official of the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that offi-cial; or (iii) the use of any proceeds of any activity described in clause (i) or (ii); or (C) knowingly and materially assisted, spon-sored, or provided significant financial, mate-rial, or technological support for, or goods or services to or in support of, the activities de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—With respect to any person designated under this subsection, the President may— (A) apply the sanctions described in section 204, 205(c), or 206 to the person to the same ex-tent and in the same manner as if the person were designated under subsection (a); (B) apply any applicable special measures de-scribed in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code; (C) prohibit any transactions in foreign ex-change— (i) that are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States; and (ii) in which such person has any interest; and (D) prohibit any transfers of credit or pay-ments between financial institutions or by, through, or to any financial institution, to the extent that such transfers or payments— (i) are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States; and (ii) involve any interest of such person. (c) ASSET BLOCKING .—The President shall ex-ercise all of the powers granted to the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in property and interests in property of a des-ignated person, the Government of North Korea, or the Workers’ Party of Korea, if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (d) A
PPLICATION TO SUBSIDIARIES AND  A
GENTS .—The designation of a person under subsection (a) or (b) and the blocking of prop-erty and interests in property under subsection (c) shall apply with respect to a person who is determined to be owned or controlled by, or to have acted or purported to have acted for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to this section. (e) T
RANSACTION LICENSING .—The President shall deny or revoke any license for any trans-action that the President determines to lack suf-ficient financial controls to ensure that such transaction will not facilitate any activity de-scribed in subsection (a) or (b). (f) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to any person who violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of any prohibition of this section, or an order or regulation prescribed under this section, to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an un-lawful act described in section 206(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1705(a)). 
SEC. 105. FORFEITURE OF PROPERTY. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO PROPERTY SUBJECT TO  F
ORFEITURE .—Section 981(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) Any property, real or personal, that is in-volved in a violation or attempted violation, or which constitutes or is derived from proceeds traceable to a prohibition imposed pursuant to section 104(a) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF CIVILFOR-
FEITURE STATUTE .—Section 983(i)(2)(D) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.), the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), or the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016; or’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF SPECIFIED  U
NLAWFUL ACTIVITY .—Section 1956(c)(7)(D) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or section 92 of’’ and inserting ‘‘section 92 of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘, or section 104(a) of the North Korea Sanctions En-forcement Act of 2016 (relating to prohibited ac-tivities with respect to North Korea);’’. TITLE II—SANCTIONS AGAINST NORTH KOREAN PROLIFERATION, HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES, AND ILLICIT ACTIVI-TIES 
SEC. 201. DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO NORTH KOREA AS A JURISDICTION OF PRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Under Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, who is re-sponsible for safeguarding the financial system against illicit use, money laundering, terrorist financing, and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and has repeatedly expressed concern about North Korea’s misuse of the international financial system— (A) in 2006— (i) stated, ‘‘Given [North Korea’s] counter-feiting of U.S. currency, narcotics trafficking and use of accounts world-wide to conduct pro-liferation-related transactions, the line between illicit and licit North Korean money is nearly in-visible.’’; and (ii) urged financial institutions worldwide to ‘‘think carefully about the risks of doing any North Korea-related business’’; (B) in 2011, stated that North Korea— (i) ‘‘remains intent on engaging in prolifera-tion, selling arms as well as bringing in mate-rial’’; and (ii) was ‘‘aggressively pursuing the effort to establish front companies.’’; and (C) in 2013, stated— (i) in reference to North Korea’s distribution of high-quality counterfeit United States cur-rency, that ‘‘North Korea is continuing to try to pass a supernote into the international finan-cial system’’; and (ii) the Department of the Treasury would soon introduce new currency with improved se-curity features to protect against counterfeiting by the Government of North Korea. (2) The Financial Action Task Force, an intergovernmental body whose purpose is to de-velop and promote national and international policies to combat money laundering and ter-rorist financing, has repeatedly— (A) expressed concern at deficiencies in North Korea’s regimes to combat money laundering and terrorist financing; (B) urged North Korea to adopt a plan of ac-tion to address significant deficiencies in those regimes and the serious threat those deficiencies pose to the integrity of the international finan-cial system; (C) urged all jurisdictions to apply counter-measures to protect the international financial system from ongoing and substantial money laundering and terrorist financing risks ema-nating from North Korea; (D) urged all jurisdictions to advise their fi-nancial institutions to give special attention to business relationships and transactions with North Korea, including North Korean compa-nies and financial institutions; and (E) called on all jurisdictions— (i) to protect against correspondent relation-ships being used to bypass or evade counter-measures and risk mitigation practices; and (ii) to take into account money laundering and terrorist financing risks when considering requests by North Korean financial institutions to open branches and subsidiaries in their re-spective jurisdictions. (3) On March 7, 2013, the United Nations Se-curity Council unanimously adopted Resolution 2094, which— (A) welcomed the Financial Action Task Force’s— (i) recommendation on financial sanctions re-lated to proliferation; and (ii) guidance on the implementation of such sanctions; (B) decided that United Nations member states should apply enhanced monitoring and other legal measures to prevent the provision of finan-cial services or the transfer of property that could contribute to activities prohibited by ap-plicable United Nations Security Council resolu-tions; and (C) called upon United Nations member states to prohibit North Korean financial institutions from establishing or maintaining correspondent relationships with financial institutions in their respective jurisdictions to prevent the provision of financial services if such member states have information that provides reasonable grounds to believe that such activities could contribute to— (i) activities prohibited by an applicable United Nations Security Council resolution; or (ii) the evasion of such prohibitions. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE DES-
IGNATION OF NORTH KOREA AS A JURISDICTION  
OFPRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN .— Congress— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.001 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH782 February 12, 2016 
(1) acknowledges the efforts of the United Na-tions Security Council to impose limitations on, and to require the enhanced monitoring of, transactions involving North Korean financial institutions that could contribute to sanctioned activities; (2) urges the President, in the strongest terms— (A) to immediately designate North Korea as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering con-cern; and (B) to adopt stringent special measures to safeguard the financial system against the risks posed by North Korea’s willful evasion of sanc-tions and its illicit activities; and (3) urges the President to seek the prompt im-plementation by other countries of enhanced monitoring and due diligence to prevent North Korea’s misuse of the international financial system, including by sharing information about activities, transactions, and property that could contribute to— (A) activities sanctioned by applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; or (B) the evasion of such sanctions. (c) D
ETERMINATIONS REGARDING NORTH  K
OREA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, and in accordance with section 5318A of title 31, United States Code, shall determine whether reasonable grounds exist for concluding that North Korea is a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern. (2) E
NHANCED DUE DILIGENCE AND REPORTING  
REQUIREMENTS .—If the Secretary of the Treas-ury determines under paragraph (1) that rea-sonable grounds exist for concluding that North Korea is a jurisdiction of primary money laun-dering concern, the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal functional regulators (as de-fined in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809)), shall impose 1 or more of the special measures described in section 5318A(b) of title 31, United States Code, with re-spect to the jurisdiction of North Korea. (3) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Treasury makes a determination under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that contains the reasons for such determination. (B) F
ORM.—The report submitted under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 202. ENSURING THE CONSISTENT ENFORCE-MENT OF UNITED NATIONS SECU-RITY COUNCIL RESOLUTIONS AND FINANCIAL RESTRICTIONS ON NORTH KOREA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) All member states of the United Nations are obligated to implement and enforce applica-ble United Nations Security Council resolutions fully and promptly, including by blocking the property of, and ensuring that any property is prevented from being made available to, persons designated for the blocking of property by the Security Council under applicable United Na-tions Security Council resolutions. (2) As of May 2015, 158 of the 193 member states of the United Nations had not submitted reports on measures taken to implement North Korea-specific United Nations Security Council resolutions 1718, 1874, and 2094. (3) A recent report by the Government Ac-countability Office (GAO–15–485)— (A) finds that officials of the United States and representatives of the United Nations Panel of Experts established pursuant to United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 1874 (2009), which monitors and facilitates implementation of United Nations sanctions on North Korea, ‘‘agree that the lack of detailed reports from all member states is an impediment to the UN’s ef-fective implementation of its sanctions’’; and (B) notes that ‘‘many member states lack the technical capacity to enforce sanctions and pre-pare reports’’ on the implementation of United Nations sanctions on North Korea. (4) All member states share a common interest in protecting the international financial system from the risks of money laundering and illicit transactions emanating from North Korea. (5) The United States dollar and the euro are the world’s principal reserve currencies, and the United States and the European Union are pri-marily responsible for the protection of the international financial system from the risks de-scribed in paragraph (4). (6) The cooperation of the People’s Republic of China, as North Korea’s principal trading partner, is essential to— (A) the enforcement of applicable United Na-tions Security Council resolutions; and (B) the protection of the international finan-cial system. (7) The report of the Panel of Experts ex-pressed concern about the ability of banks to de-tect and prevent illicit transfers involving North Korea if such banks are located in member states with less effective regulators or member states that are unable to afford effective compli-ance. (8) North Korea has historically exploited in-consistencies between jurisdictions in the inter-pretation and enforcement of financial regula-tions and applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions to circumvent sanctions and launder the proceeds of illicit activities. (9) Amroggang Development Bank, Bank of East Land, and Tanchon Commercial Bank have been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury, the United Nations Security Council, and the European Union as having materially contributed to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. (10) Korea Daesong Bank and Korea Kwangson Banking Corporation have been des-ignated by the Secretary of the Treasury and the European Union as having materially con-tributed to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. (11) The Foreign Trade Bank of North Korea has been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury for facilitating transactions on behalf of persons linked to its proliferation network and for serving as ‘‘a key financial node’’. (12) Daedong Credit Bank has been des-ignated by the Secretary of the Treasury for ac-tivities prohibited by applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions, including the use of deceptive financial practices to facilitate transactions on behalf of persons linked to North Korea’s proliferation network. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should intensify diplomatic efforts in appropriate international fora, such as the United Nations, and bilat-erally, to develop and implement a coordinated, consistent, multilateral strategy for protecting the global financial system against risks ema-nating from North Korea, including— (1) the cessation of any financial services the continuation of which is inconsistent with ap-plicable United Nations Security Council resolu-tions; (2) the cessation of any financial services to persons, including financial institutions, that present unacceptable risks of facilitating money laundering and illicit activity by the Govern-ment of North Korea; (3) the blocking by all member states, in ac-cordance with the legal process of the state in which the property is held, of any property re-quired to be blocked under applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; (4) the blocking of any property derived from illicit activity, or from the misappropriation, theft, or embezzlement of public funds by, or for the benefit of, officials of the Government of North Korea; (5) the blocking of any property involved in significant activities undermining cybersecurity by the Government of North Korea, directly or indirectly, against United States persons, or the theft of intellectual property by the Government of North Korea, directly or indirectly from United States persons; and (6) the blocking of any property of persons di-rectly or indirectly involved in censorship or human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea. (c) STRATEGY TO IMPROVE INTERNATIONAL IM-
PLEMENTATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF UNITED  N
ATIONS NORTH KOREA -SPECIFIC SANCTIONS .— The President shall direct the Secretary of State, in coordination with other Federal de-partments and agencies, as appropriate, to de-velop a strategy to improve international imple-mentation and enforcement of United Nations North Korea-specific sanctions. The strategy should include elements— (1) to increase the number of countries submit-ting reports to the United Nations Panel of Ex-perts established pursuant to United Nations Se-curity Council Resolution 1874 (2009), including developing a list of targeted countries where ef-fective implementation and enforcement of United Nations sanctions would reduce the threat from North Korea; (2) to encourage member states of the United Nations to cooperate and share information with the panel in order to help facilitate inves-tigations; (3) to expand cooperation with the Panel of Experts; (4) to provide technical assistance to member states to implement United Nations sanctions, including developing the capacity to enforce sanctions through improved export control regu-lations, border security, and customs systems; (5) to harness existing United States Govern-ment initiatives and assistance programs, as ap-propriate, to improve sanctions implementation and enforcement; and (6) to increase outreach to the people of North Korea, and to support the engagement of inde-pendent, non-governmental journalistic, hu-manitarian, and other institutions in North Korea. (d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes the actions undertaken to implement the strategy required by subsection (c). 
SEC. 203. PROLIFERATION PREVENTION SANC-TIONS. 
(a) E XPORT OF CERTAIN GOODS OR TECH-
NOLOGY .—A validated license shall be required for the export to North Korea of any goods or technology otherwise covered under section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)). No defense exports may be ap-proved for the Government of North Korea. (b) T
RANSACTIONS IN LETHAL MILITARY EQUIP-
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall withhold assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) to the government of any country that provides lethal military equip-ment to the Government of North Korea. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibition under paragraph (1) with respect to a government shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date on which the prohibition under para-graph (1) is applied to that government. (c) W
AIVER .—Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Secretary of State may waive the prohibitions under this section with respect to a country if the Secretary— (1) determines that such waiver is in the na-tional interest of the United States; and (2) submits a written report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes— (A) the steps that the relevant agencies are taking to curtail the trade described in sub-section (b)(1); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.001 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H783 February 12, 2016 
(B) why such waiver is in the national inter-est of the United States. (d) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions under this section shall not apply to the provision of assist-ance for human rights, democracy, rule of law, or emergency humanitarian purposes. 
SEC. 204. PROCUREMENT SANCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, the head of an executive agency may not procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from any person designated under section 104(a). (b) F
EDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Acquisition Regulation issued pursuant to section 1303(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, shall be revised to require that each person that is a prospective contractor submit a certification that such per-son does not engage in any activity described in section 104(a). (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The revision required under paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to contracts for which solicitations are issued on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
EMEDIES .— (1) I
NCLUSION ON LIST .—The Administrator of General Services shall include, on the List of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement and Nonprocurement Programs maintained by the Administrator under part 9 of the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation, each person that is debarred, suspended, or proposed for debarment or suspension by the head of an executive agen-cy on the basis of a determination of a false cer-tification under subsection (b). (2) C
ONTRACT TERMINATION ; SUSPENSION .—If the head of an executive agency determines that a person has submitted a false certification under subsection (b) after the date on which the Federal Acquisition Regulation is revised to im-plement the requirements of this section, the head of such executive agency shall— (A) terminate any contract with such person; and (B) debar or suspend such person from eligi-bility for Federal contracts for a period of not longer than 2 years. (3) A
PPLICABLE PROCEDURES .—Any debarment or suspension under paragraph (2)(B) shall be subject to the procedures that apply to debar-ment and suspension under subpart 9.4 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (d) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING CERTAIN PROD-
UCTS.—The remedies specified in subsection (c) shall not apply with respect to the procurement of any eligible product (as defined in section 308(4) of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2518(4)) of any foreign country or instru-mentality designated under section 301(b) of such Act (19 U.S.C. 2511(b)). (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the use of other remedies available to the head of an exec-utive agency or any other official of the Federal Government on the basis of a determination of a false certification under subsection (b). (f) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 205. ENHANCED INSPECTION AUTHORITIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report that identifies foreign ports and airports at which inspections of ships, aircraft, and conveyances originating in North Korea, carrying North Korean property, or operated by the Government of North Korea are not suffi-cient to effectively prevent the facilitation of any of the activities described in section 104(a). (b) E
NHANCED CUSTOMS INSPECTION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may require enhanced inspections of any goods entering the United States that have been trans-ported through a port or airport identified by the President under subsection (a). (c) SEIZURE AND FORFEITURE .—A vessel, air-craft, or conveyance used to facilitate any of the activities described in section 104(a) under the jurisdiction of the United States may be seized and forfeited under— (1) chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code; or (2) title V of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.). 
SEC. 206. TRAVEL SANCTIONS. 
The Secretary of State may deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security may deny entry into the United States of, any alien who is— (1) a designated person; (2) a corporate officer of a designated person; or (3) a principal shareholder with a controlling interest in a designated person. 
SEC. 207. TRAVEL RECOMMENDATIONS FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS TO NORTH KOREA. 
The Secretary of State shall expand the scope and frequency of issuance of travel warnings for all United States citizens to North Korea. The expanded travel warnings, which should be issued or updated not less frequently than every 90 days, should include— (1) publicly released or credible open source information regarding the detention of United States citizens by North Korean authorities, in-cluding available information on circumstances of arrest and detention, duration, legal pro-ceedings, and conditions under which a United States citizen has been, or continues to be, de-tained by North Korean authorities, including present-day cases and cases occurring during the 10-year period ending on the date of the en-actment of this Act; (2) publicly released or credible open source information on the past and present detention and abduction or alleged abduction of citizens of the United States, South Korea, or Japan by North Korean authorities; (3) unclassified information about the nature of the North Korean regime, as described in con-gressionally mandated reports and annual re-ports issued by the Department of State and the United Nations, including information about North Korea’s weapons of mass destruction pro-grams, illicit activities, international sanctions violations, and human rights situation; and (4) any other information that the Secretary deems useful to provide United States citizens with a comprehensive picture of the nature of the North Korean regime. 
SEC. 208. EXEMPTIONS, WAIVERS, AND REMOVALS OF DESIGNATION. 
(a) E XEMPTIONS .—The following activities shall be exempt from sanctions under sections 104, 206, 209, and 304: (1) Activities subject to the reporting require-ments under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.), or to any author-ized intelligence activities of the United States. (2) Any transaction necessary to comply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, or under the Convention on Consular Re-lations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and en-tered into force March 19, 1967, or under other international agreements. (3) Any activities incidental to the POW/MIA accounting mission in North Korea, including activities by the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency and other governmental or nongovern-mental organizations tasked with identifying or recovering the remains of members of the United States Armed Forces in North Korea. (b) H
UMANITARIAN WAIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive, for renewable periods of between 30 days and 1 year, the application of the sanctions author-ized under section 104, 204, 205, 206, 209(b), or 304(b) if the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees a written deter-mination that the waiver is necessary for hu-manitarian assistance or to carry out the hu-manitarian purposes set forth section 4 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7802). (2) CONTENT OF WRITTEN DETERMINATION .—A written determination submitted under para-graph (1) with respect to a waiver shall include a description of all notification and account-ability controls that have been employed in order to ensure that the activities covered by the waiver are humanitarian assistance or are car-ried out for the purposes set forth in section 4 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7802) and do not entail any activities in North Korea or dealings with the Government of North Korea not reasonably related to humani-tarian assistance or such purposes. (3) C
LARIFICATION OF PERMITTED ACTIVITIES  
UNDER WAIVER .—An internationally recognized humanitarian organization shall not be subject to sanctions under section 104, 204, 205, 206, 209(b), or 304(b) for— (A) engaging in a financial transaction relat-ing to humanitarian assistance or for humani-tarian purposes pursuant to a waiver issued under paragraph (1); (B) transporting goods or services that are necessary to carry out operations relating to hu-manitarian assistance or humanitarian purposes pursuant to such a waiver; or (C) having merely incidental contact, in the course of providing humanitarian assistance or aid for humanitarian purposes pursuant to such a waiver, with individuals who are under the control of a foreign person subject to sanctions under this Act. (c) W
AIVER .—The President may waive, on a case-by-case basis, for renewable periods of be-tween 30 days and 1 year, the application of the sanctions authorized under section 104, 201(c)(2), 204, 205, 206, 209(b), or 304(b) if the President submits to the appropriate congres-sional committees a written determination that the waiver— (1) is important to the national security inter-ests of the United States; or (2) will further the enforcement of this Act or is for an important law enforcement purpose. (d) F
INANCIAL SERVICES FOR HUMANITARIAN  
ANDCONSULAR ACTIVITIES .—The President may promulgate such regulations, rules, and policies as may be necessary to facilitate the provision of financial services by a foreign financial institu-tion that is not a North Korean financial insti-tution in support of activities conducted pursu-ant to an exemption or waiver under this sec-tion. 
SEC. 209. REPORT ON AND IMPOSITION OF SANC-TIONS TO ADDRESS PERSONS RE-SPONSIBLE FOR KNOWINGLY ENGAG-ING IN SIGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UN-DERMINING CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes significant activities under-mining cybersecurity aimed against the United States Government or any United States person and conducted by the Government of North Korea, or a person owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government. (2) I
NFORMATION .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the identity and nationality of persons that have knowingly engaged in, directed, or provided material support to conduct significant activities undermining cybersecurity described in paragraph (1); (B) a description of the conduct engaged in by each person identified; (C) an assessment of the extent to which a for-eign government has provided material support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.001 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH784 February 12, 2016 
to the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government to conduct significant activities undermining cy-bersecurity; and (D) a United States strategy to counter North Korea’s efforts to conduct significant activities undermining cybersecurity against the United States, that includes efforts to engage foreign governments to halt the capability of the Gov-ernment of North Korea and persons acting for or on behalf of that Government to conduct sig-nificant activities undermining cybersecurity. (3) S
UBMISSION AND FORM .— (A) S
UBMISSION .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter. (B) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF PERSONS .—The President shall designate under section 104(a) any person identified in the report required under sub-section (a)(1) that knowingly engages in signifi-cant activities undermining cybersecurity through the use of computer networks or sys-tems against foreign persons, governments, or other entities on behalf of the Government of North Korea. 
SEC. 210. CODIFICATION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO NORTH KOREAN ACTIVI-TIES UNDERMINING CYBERSECU-RITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—United States sanctions with respect to activities of the Government of North Korea, persons acting for or on behalf of that Government, or persons located in North Korea that undermine cybersecurity provided for in Executive Order 13687 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to imposing additional sanctions with respect to North Korea) or Executive Order 13694 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of certain persons engaging in sig-nificant malicious cyber-enabled activities), as such Executive Orders are in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, shall remain in effect until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a certification that the Govern-ment of North Korea, persons acting for or on behalf of that Government, and persons owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Gov-ernment or persons acting for or on behalf of that Government, are no longer engaged in the illicit activities described in such Executive Or-ders, including actions in violation of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), and 2094 (2013). (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the President pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
SEC. 211. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON TRILATERAL COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES, SOUTH KOREA, AND JAPAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that the President— (1) should seek to strengthen high-level tri-lateral mechanisms for discussion and coordina-tion of policy toward North Korea between the Government of the United States, the Govern-ment of South Korea, and the Government of Japan; (2) should ensure that the mechanisms specifi-cally address North Korea’s nuclear, ballistic, and conventional weapons programs, its human rights record, and cybersecurity threats posed by North Korea; (3) should ensure that representatives of the United States, South Korea, and Japan meet on a regular basis and include representatives of the United States Department of State, the United States Department of Defense, the United States intelligence community, and rep-resentatives of counterpart agencies in South Korea and Japan; and (4) should continue to brief the relevant con-gressional committees regularly on the status of such discussions. (b) RELEVANT COMMITTEES .—The relevant committees referred to in subsection (a)(4) shall include— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. TITLE III—PROMOTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
SEC. 301. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 104 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7814) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2015, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a classified report that sets forth a detailed plan for making unrestricted, unmonitored, and inexpensive electronic mass communications available to the people of North Korea.’’. 
SEC. 302. STRATEGY TO PROMOTE NORTH KO-REAN HUMAN RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with other appropriate Federal departments and agencies, shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that details a United States strategy to promote initiatives to enhance international awareness of and to address the human rights situation in North Korea. (b) I
NFORMATION .—The report required under subsection (a) should include— (1) a list of countries that forcibly repatriate refugees from North Korea; and (2) a list of countries where North Korean la-borers work, including countries the govern-ments of which have formal arrangements with the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government to employ North Korean workers. (c) S
TRATEGY .—The report required under subsection (a) should include— (1) a plan to enhance bilateral and multilat-eral outreach, including sustained engagement with the governments of partners and allies with overseas posts to routinely demarche or brief those governments on North Korea human rights issues, including forced labor, trafficking, and repatriation of citizens of North Korea; (2) public affairs and public diplomacy cam-paigns, including options to work with news or-ganizations and media outlets to publish opin-ion pieces and secure public speaking opportu-nities for United States Government officials on issues related to the human rights situation in North Korea, including forced labor, trafficking, and repatriation of citizens of North Korea; and (3) opportunities to coordinate and collaborate with appropriate nongovernmental organiza-tions and private sector entities to raise aware-ness and provide assistance to North Korean de-fectors throughout the world. 
SEC. 303. REPORT ON NORTH KOREAN PRISON CAMPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report that describes, with respect to each political prison camp in North Korea, to the ex-tent information is available— (1) the camp’s estimated prisoner population; (2) the camp’s geographical coordinates; (3) the reasons for the confinement of the pris-oners; (4) the camp’s primary industries and prod-ucts, and the end users of any goods produced in the camp; (5) the individuals and agencies responsible for conditions in the camp; (6) the conditions under which prisoners are confined, with respect to the adequacy of food, shelter, medical care, working conditions, and reports of ill-treatment of prisoners; and (7) imagery, to include satellite imagery of the camp, in a format that, if published, would not compromise the sources and methods used by the United States intelligence community to capture geospatial imagery. (b) FORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) may be included in the first human rights report required to be submitted to Con-gress after the date of the enactment of this Act under sections 116(d) and 502B(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d) and 2304(b)). 
SEC. 304. REPORT ON AND IMPOSITION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO SERIOUS HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES OR CENSOR-SHIP IN NORTH KOREA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report that— (A) identifies each person the Secretary deter-mines to be responsible for serious human rights abuses or censorship in North Korea and de-scribes the conduct of that person; and (B) describes serious human rights abuses or censorship undertaken by the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on be-half of that Government in the most recent year ending before the submission of the report. (2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In preparing the report required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall— (A) give due consideration to the findings of the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea; and (B) make specific findings with respect to the responsibility of Kim Jong Un, and of each indi-vidual who is a member of the National Defense Commission of North Korea or the Organization and Guidance Department of the Workers’ Party of Korea, for serious human rights abuses and censorship. (3) S
UBMISSION AND FORM .— (A) S
UBMISSION .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for a period not to exceed 3 years, and shall be included in each human rights report required under sec-tions 116(d) and 502B(b) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d) and 2304(b)). (B) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary of State shall publish the unclassified part of the report required under paragraph (1) on the website of the Department of State. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF PERSONS .—The President shall designate under section 104(a) any person listed in the report required under subsection (a)(1) that— (1) knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates censorship by the Government of North Korea; or (2) knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates serious human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should— (1) seek the prompt adoption by the United Nations Security Council of a resolution calling for the blocking of the assets of all persons re-sponsible for severe human rights abuses or cen-sorship in North Korea; and (2) fully cooperate with the prosecution of any individual listed in the report required under subsection (a)(1) before any international tri-bunal that may be established to prosecute per-sons responsible for severe human rights abuses or censorship in North Korea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.001 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H785 February 12, 2016 
TITLE IV—GENERAL AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 401. SUSPENSION OF SANCTIONS AND OTHER MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any sanction or other meas-ure required under title I, II, or III (or any amendment made by such titles) may be sus-pended for up to 1 year upon certification by the President to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of North Korea has made progress toward— (1) verifiably ceasing its counterfeiting of United States currency, including the surrender or destruction of specialized materials and equipment used or particularly suitable for counterfeiting; (2) taking steps toward financial transparency to comply with generally accepted protocols to cease and prevent the laundering of monetary instruments; (3) taking steps toward verification of its com-pliance with applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; (4) taking steps toward accounting for and re-patriating the citizens of other countries— (A) abducted or unlawfully held captive by the Government of North Korea; or (B) detained in violation of the Agreement Concerning a Military Armistice in Korea, signed at Panmunjom July 27, 1953 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Korean War Armistice Agree-ment’’); (5) accepting and beginning to abide by inter-nationally recognized standards for the distribu-tion and monitoring of humanitarian aid; and (6) taking verified steps to improve living con-ditions in its political prison camps. (b) R
ENEWAL OF SUSPENSION .—The suspension described in subsection (a) may be renewed for additional, consecutive 180-day periods after the President certifies to the appropriate congres-sional committees that the Government of North Korea has continued to comply with the condi-tions described in subsection (a) during the pre-vious year. 
SEC. 402. TERMINATION OF SANCTIONS AND OTHER MEASURES. 
Any sanction or other measure required under title I, II, or III (or any amendment made by such titles) shall terminate on the date on which the President determines and certifies to the ap-propriate congressional committees that the Government of North Korea has— (1) met the requirements set forth in section 401; and (2) made significant progress toward— (A) completely, verifiably, and irreversibly dis-mantling all of its nuclear, chemical, biological, and radiological weapons programs, including all programs for the development of systems de-signed in whole or in part for the delivery of such weapons; (B) releasing all political prisoners, including the citizens of North Korea detained in North Korea’s political prison camps; (C) ceasing its censorship of peaceful political activity; (D) establishing an open, transparent, and representative society; and (E) fully accounting for and repatriating United States citizens (including deceased United States citizens)— (i) abducted or unlawfully held captive by the Government of North Korea; or (ii) detained in violation of the Agreement Concerning a Military Armistice in Korea, signed at Panmunjom July 27, 1953 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Korean War Armistice Agree-ment’’). 
SEC. 403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021— (1) $3,000,000 to carry out section 103 of the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7813); (2) $3,000,000 to carry out subsections (a), (b), and (c) of section 104 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 7814); (3) $2,000,000 to carry out subsection (d) of such section 104, as add by section 301 of this Act; and (4) $2,000,000 to carry out section 203 of the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7833). (b) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Amounts appro-priated for each fiscal year pursuant to sub-section (a) shall remain available until ex-pended. 
SEC. 404. RULEMAKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President is authorized to promulgate such rules and regulations as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act (which may include regulatory excep-tions), including under section 205 of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1704). (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act, or in any amendment made by this Act, may be construed to limit the authority of the President to designate or sanction persons pur-suant to an applicable Executive order or other-wise pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
SEC. 405. AUTHORITY TO CONSOLIDATE RE-PORTS. 
Any and all reports required to be submitted to appropriate congressional committees under this Act or any amendment made by this Act that are subject to a deadline for submission consisting of the same unit of time may be con-solidated into a single report that is submitted to appropriate congressional committees pursuant to such deadline. The consolidated reports must contain all information required under this Act or any amendment made by this Act, in addition to all other elements mandated by previous law. 
SEC. 406. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Act, this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for 3 years the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs that I chair has worked with great determination to build support for this North Korea sanctions legislation. I want to thank my Democratic col-leagues, and I especially want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), our ranking member, for his support in this legislation. I also thank Senators C
ORKER , C
ARDIN , and G ARDNER , for their leader-ship in the Senate and for their strong additions, particularly on human rights and on cyber attacks by the bru-tal and hostile North Korean regime. Today Congress—Democrats and Re-publicans, House and Senate—unites to put this North Korean sanctions legis-lation on the President’s desk. Last month this bill passed the House with 418 votes, and this week it passed the Senate 96–0. Mr. Speaker, these overwhelming votes reflect bipartisan frustration with our North Korea policy, a policy of strategic patience that isn’t work-ing. Today Congress unites to say it is time for a new approach. Mr. Speaker, last month North Korea conducted its fourth known nuclear test, and last weekend it concluded a long-range missile test. On Tuesday, our Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, testified that North Korea has restarted a plutonium reac-tor and expanded that production of weapons-grade nuclear fuel. The threat to the United States and our allies is real. The tyrannical re-gime of Kim Jong-un has developed in-creasingly destructive weapons: its miniaturized nuclear warheads that fit onto its most reliable missiles. We can-not stand by any longer. The legislation we consider today, H.R. 757, is the most comprehensive North Korea sanctions legislation to come before this body. My bill uses tar-geted financial and economic pressure to isolate Kim Jong-un and his top offi-cials from the assets they maintain in foreign banks and from the hard cur-rency that sustains their rule. These assets are gained, in part, from illicit activities on the part of North Korea, like counterfeiting U.S. cur-rency and selling weapons around the world, and they are used to advance the North Korean nuclear program. They also pay for the luxurious life-style of the ruling elites and the con-tinued repression of the North Korean people by their police state. In 2005, the Treasury Department blacklisted a small bank in Macao called Banco Delta Asia, which not only froze North Korea’s money in the bank, but also scared away other finan-cial institutions from dealing with the Government of North Korea for fear that they, too, would be blacklisted. Unfortunately, this effective policy was shelved for ill-fated negotiations, but this bill can get us back to a win-ning strategy. Equally important to the strong sanctions in this bill are its critical human rights provisions. North Korea operates a brutal system of gulags that hold as many as 120,000 men, women, and children. If a North Korean is suspected of any kind of dissenting opinion, even telling a joke about the regime, his entire family for three generations is pun-ished. North Korea is a human rights house of horrors. Two years ago the U.N. Commission of Inquiry released the most com-prehensive report on North Korea to date, and their finding was that the Kim Jong-un regime and the whole family regime has, for decades, pursued policies involving crimes—and this is the words of the United Nations re-port—crimes that shock the conscience of humanity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.001 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH786 February 12, 2016 
This amended version requires the administration to develop a strategy to promote North Korean human rights, including a list of countries that use North Korean slave labor. The implementation of this bill will help sever a key subsidy for North Ko-rea’s weapons of mass destruction pro-gram, for only when the North Korean leadership realizes that its criminal ac-tivities are untenable will the pros-pects for peace and security in north-east Asia improve. I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. First of all, let me thank Chairman R
OYCE for authoring the bill. I am proud to be the lead Democratic co-sponsor, and I am glad that we are al-most to the finish line. Just over a month ago we passed this bill and sent it to the Senate. The Sen-ate acted quickly to make minor ad-justments, and today we will pass this bipartisan legislation and send it to the President’s desk. This process is a great example of what we can accomplish when we work in a bipartisan way to advance Amer-ican security. As I have said many times before, I am proud of the mem-bers on both sides of the aisle of the Committee on Foreign Affairs because we have worked in a bipartisan man-ner. I would caution all Members about leveling political charges when it comes to North Korea. I am reminded of the old adage that people who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones. We all know North Korea is a prob-lem, but let’s not kid ourselves. This problem has grown under many admin-istrations, in Congresses of both par-ties. So when we talk about how we got here, we need to really focus in a bipar-tisan manner. That is what we are try-ing to do. The Kim regime is dangerous. North Korea’s nuclear program threatens re-gional stability and global security. It worries me to think what North Ko-rea’s leaders plan to do with their nu-clear arsenal or who they might be willing to sell nuclear material to. While it is bad enough on its own, North Korea’s nuclear program is just the top item on a long list of dangerous and illegal activity by that regime. From cyber attacks to money laun-dering and counterfeiting, from human rights abuses, as Chairman R
OYCE has pointed out, to the regular attacks on South Korea, the Kim regime runs roughshod over the rules and norms that guide the global order. Yet, they haven’t been deterred by some of the toughest sanctions imaginable or the near-universal condemnation of the global community or the deepening isolation of North Korea from the rest of the world. So we are left to tighten the screws even further. That is what we are trying to do today. We need to work with South Korea and Japan on a tough, coordinated re-sponse. We need to take every oppor-tunity to collaborate on this issue with the Chinese, who wield considerable in-fluence over North Korea, and we need to dial up our own sanctions and tough-en sanctions enforcement. That is ex-actly what this bill does. North Korea is always looking for ways to get around our sanctions. The sanctions in this bill would focus espe-cially on North Korean elites who con-duct shady transactions with shell cor-porations, then cover up the money trail. In Pyongyang, the capital, these cronies of the Kim regime pocket the cash while the rest of the North Korean people suffer. I have been to North Korea twice, and it is just sickening that the regime and its friends profit from these crimes while the rest of the country is lit-erally starving. On that point, this bill includes im-portant exceptions for the humani-tarian aid that benefits the North Ko-rean people. Our anger is not with the people of North Korea. In fact, the United States does a great deal to pro-vide aid to this oppressed population. But they deserve better from their leaders. That is why we should send this bill to the President. That is why we should continue to make North Korea a top foreign policy priority. The Kim family has ruled North Korea for many, many, many years. Kim Jong-un seems to be the worst of the lot, with the repressions, the assas-sinations, the political stranglehold that he keeps the whole country in, and the fact that many people get caught, as Chairman ROYCE pointed out, in the gulag. Families are op-pressed. It is just a nightmare of hor-rors. The North Korean people deserve bet-ter from their leaders. That is why we should send this bill to the President and why we should continue to make North Korea a top foreign policy pri-ority. I am proud to support this bill. I am proud to be the lead Democrat on the bill. I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, before yielding to our next speaker, I also want to note that this bill effectively reauthorizes and extends the North Ko-rean Human Rights Act of 2004, which I have worked to support for more than a dozen years. That groundbreaking law, which was reauthorized in 2008 and again in 2012 by our chairman emeritus, I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , emphasized that human rights, the free flow of information, and the protection of those who es-caped are not only important to the people of North Korea, they are also critical to changing North Korea’s strategic calculus and trying to force that rogue regime to address the needs of its own people instead of threatening its neighbors. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. b0930 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the North Korean dicta-torship is an existential threat that re-quires significantly enhanced vigilance and response. The North Korea Sanctions Enforce-ment Act of 2016, authored by Chair-man E
DROYCE , will ensure that the Obama administration takes meaning-ful action to mitigate North Korea’s cruelty, human rights abuse, and mili-tary danger. The U.S. can no longer sit on the sidelines while Kim Jong-un pro-liferates nuclear and missile tech-nology and abuses and starves the North Korean people. North Korea violates every single human right enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. North Korea is listed by the State Depart-ment as a tier 3 country with respect to human trafficking. It is designated as one of eight Countries of Particular Concern for engaging in egregious vio-lations of religious freedom. Mr. Speaker, I have chaired four hearings on human rights abuses in North Korea. It is, as Chairman R
OYCE  noted, a house of horrors. The U.N. Commission of Inquiry on North Korea recommended that the U.N. impose targeted sanctions on North Korean leaders responsible for these crimes against humanity. How-ever, China blocks effective U.N. ac-tions. This, in part, is why the Con-gress and the administration must act now. North Korean human rights abus-ers must be identified and listed so that sanctions can be appropriately ap-plied. North Korea’s launch of a long-range rocket last week reenergized concern over that country’s intercontinental ballistic missile program. The launch was strongly condemned by the U.N. Security Council, which vowed to apply further sanctions. Hopefully, the Secu-rity Council’s investigation now under-way will also look at partner nations who purchase North Korean missile technology. Iran, to whom the administration has just released billions of dollars, is one of North Korea’s nuclear partners. We should be very concerned about that. At some point, the Iranians will ac-quire fissile material beyond what they are allowed to produce, they may clan-destinely purchase actual warheads from North Korea, or, perhaps, Iran will get enriched uranium—their stash—back from Russia. At a Foreign Affairs Committee hear-ing yesterday, Mr. Speaker—and Chair-man R
OYCE has had well over 35 over-sight hearings on Iran—I asked Presi-dent Obama’s coordinator for imple-mentation of the Iran nuclear deal where Iran’s stockpile of enriched ura-nium was sent. Where did it go? Is it in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.005 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H787 February 12, 2016 
Russia? What city? Do we—or the IAEA—have onsite access to where it is stored for verifications purposes? Re-member President Reagan? He said: Trust and verify. Onsite verification. Shockingly, Ambassador Mull said he didn’t know where the enriched ura-nium is. He did say it was on a Russian ship somewhere heading to a port or to a final destination. But its specific lo-cation—we don’t have a clue. Yesterday’s revelation was yet an-other flaw in an egregiously flawed Iran nuclear deal. We know that there is a connection between North Korea and Iran. So our vigilance must be stepped up significantly. This bill is a major step. It is in fact bipartisan: E
LIOT ENGEL , again, working side-by- side with the chairman to make sure a good bill is produced. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and chair-man of the Armed Services Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I thank Chairman E
DROYCE for his lead-ership on freedom and liberty. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016. Recently, we have seen overwhelming evidence that the monarchy in North Korea, led by an unstable dictator, has become increasingly hostile, threat-ening its neighbors, which are Amer-ican allies. Sadly, just last week, it successfully tested a long-range rocket which is ca-pable of reaching California. This re-cent missile test comes after years of ignoring nonproliferation agreements and conducting nuclear tests without facing any meaningful consequences. As America continues to fight the global war on terrorism, we should not allow an unpredictable rogue leader to continue unchecked. We must change course to a strategy of peace through strength to protect American families. In 2003, I was one of the few Members of Congress to visit Pyongyang, North Korea, along with Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL and Chairman J EFFMIL-
LER. I saw firsthand the struggle and oppression its citizens have endured under Communist totalitarian rule. Compared to the dynamic capital of South Korea, North Korea is the ulti-mate example of another socialist fail-ure. The North Korea Sanctions Enforce-ment Act strengthens our Nation’s ability to sanction the agents, govern-ment, and financial institutions that enable North Korea’s dangerous activi-ties. I am grateful to Chairman E
DROYCE  for introducing the North Korea Sanc-tions Enforcement Act, unanimously supported in the U.S. Senate with bi-partisan support, which puts pressure on the regime by restricting them from selling weapons of mass destruction, importing and exporting conventional weapons, and engaging in further cyberattacks. It also directs the State Department to hold the administration accountable by creating a strategy to improve enforcement of existing sanc-tions. This legislation is an important first step to achieving peace through strength in the region. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Foreign Affairs Committee and the Armed Services Committee to promote positive change and stability in North-east Asia so that all Koreans can have a bright future. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to also reiterate the bipartisan-ship in which this legislation has been brought to the floor through the work of the chairman and the ranking mem-ber, who are experts in foreign affairs and especially countries like North Korea. Mr. Speaker, when I had a chance last year to visit with the Pacific Com-mand, I talked to the four-star Admiral in Pacific Command and asked him this question: Of the five entities that are threats to the United States—Rus-sia, China, Iran, ISIS, and North Korea—which of those concerns you the most? He quickly said: North Korea. Because they are an unstable regime. This legislation will help, hopefully, have that unstable dictator, who mur-ders his own people, is trigger happy, and is developing all types of weapons and puts them on the open market to sell them to other nations that want to cause mischief in the world, stop this conduct in North Korea. Yes, North Korea has nuclear weap-ons. They are developing missiles to deliver those nuclear weapons. About a year or a year and a half ago, the dic-tator of North Korea said he wanted that first intercontinental ballistic missile to go to Austin, Texas. I take that a little personal, Mr. Speaker. I don’t know why he picked Austin. Any-way, they are working on their deliv-ery capability. They have no intention of stopping. So, the international community must tell the dictator of North Korea: You can’t do this. You can’t be a men-ace to not only your own people, or the people in South Korea and the entire region, but the world. This legislation is an important step in stopping the mischief-making and trigger-happy dictator of North Korea. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Let me first start with Mr. J
OEWIL-
SONof South Carolina, who was on the trip with me, as he mentioned, to North Korea. We drove in from the airport on a bus. J
OEwas sitting at the front of it. We saw all these hostile billboards. We couldn’t, of course, read it—it was in Korean—but we could look at the pic-tures. One of the pictures had an American soldier on the ground and a North Ko-rean soldier with a bayonet right through the American soldier’s head. The reason why we knew it was an American soldier is because it said USA on the soldier’s uniform. Mr. WILSON sat in the front and very carefully maneuvered his camera and snapped a picture. We have that pic-ture. If the North Koreans had known what we were doing, they probably would have confiscated the camera, but they didn’t. I just wanted to mention that. There were, I believe, six of us on that trip. It was a bipartisan trip. It was an eye-opener. I went back a few years later, but I remember the gen-tleman from South Carolina sitting there and very skillfully maneuvering that camera. That is a good picture that we should probably blow up and let our colleagues see so that they un-derstand the regime they are dealing with. This was not Kim Jung-un. His father was in power at the time. So, it seems to be getting progres-sively worse. The father was known as the ‘‘Dear Leader.’’ The grandfather, who was the person most responsible for their revolution, was also heralded. Wherever we went in North Korea, there were pictures of the two of them on the walls, whether it was in schools or at the hotel. It is a very eerie feel-ing. It kind of brings you back, for those who read the book ‘‘Nineteen Eighty- Four’’ when we were kids, which was in the future and now is in the past. But for those people who read that book, to me, that sort of describes the Korean regime. It is really a scary, scary thing. The work we are doing here today is so important. It is so important to send a message. It is so important to let the world know that we haven’t for-gotten this. This remains a bipartisan priority for the U.S. Congress. The Kim regime must understand that if it continues to defy the global consensus and ignore its obligation under international law, there will be consequences. The elites in North Korea must be shown that if they try to skirt sanctions, we will find new ways to go after them. Anyone who wants to do business with North Korea must be warned that we will crack down on those who help sustain this brutal regime. The only way forward for North Korea is for its leaders to give up their illegal and dangerous pursuits and come back to the negotiating table. I am proud that Congress is sending this bill to the President, and I hope we will ramp up engagement with our partners and allies and make it clear that North Korea’s present course can only lead to deeper isolation for the country’s leaders and, sadly, continued suffering for the country’s people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.036 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH788 February 12, 2016 
I think the most stark difference that I have seen in all the years I have been in Congress was when we went to the North Korean capital of Pyongyang and then traveled to the capital of South Korea—Seoul—where Congress-man W
ILSON ’s wife and other spouses were waiting. Seoul is a city that is vibrant. It is much like New York City, Chicago, or any of the big cities in our country, where the people are well-dressed and well-fed and shops are open. It looks like a real western-style city. Of course, it is Asia, but it reminds one of Tokyo or cities like that. When you go to North Korea, it is just like going back into 1950’s East Germany. That is just the feeling that you get. You see hotels and buildings that were constructed poorly and couldn’t be occupied. When we came back about 18 months later, it was still just the way it was 18 months before. You hardly see a car. Traffic lights don’t work. It is just bizarre—I think that is the word—and the poor North Korean people are the ones who are really suffering. The contrast between Pyongyang, which is the capital of North Korea, and Seoul, the capital of South Korea, was just unbelievable. It was like night and day. It is on the same peninsula, it is the same Korean people, and yet it is like night and day. b0945 I think they say pictures are worth a thousand words. There is a picture of the Korean Peninsula at night. It was taken by satellite, and if you take a look, you see that South Korea is vi-brant. There are all kinds of lights. It is lit up. North Korea is absolutely black, absolutely dark—no lights, no energy, no power. What a contrast—two Koreas, same people. One is a bastion of democracy in South Korea—the chairman and I have visited South Korea—and one, a brutal, brutal dictatorship. So I hope that this bill overwhelm-ingly passes. I hope that we have strong support from both sides of the aisle. We want to let the people of North Korea know that we are with them, not with the brutal regime, and that is why we are doing this legislation today. So I thank Chairman R
OYCE . I urge everyone to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again thank Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL  for his leadership on this issue. He is my coauthor on this bill. I would just like to concur in his thoughts about the shocking nature of this totalitarian regime, not just in terms of the way it has treated its peo-ple, but also its hostility towards South Korea and towards the United States and to the West; and to just share the thought, as he has expressed, this level of struggle that the people themselves in North Korea live in under this totalitarian state. When I was in North Korea, I had an opportunity to see something that struck me just in terms of the mal-nutrition. The NGO community tells us that close to 50 percent of those chil-dren are malnourished. What I saw in terms of the malnourishment, the NGO community says malnourished to the point that it affects their ability to learn. The malnourishment can be seen ev-erywhere. The actual height differen-tial between the average person in North Korea, it is 4 inches shorter than in South Korea. That is a really stark thing to see as you are in North Korea. But the other observation that Mr. ENGEL made was the overt hostility shown to the United States and, of course, to South Korea and to the rest of the world. I remember seeing the Cheonan. This is a corvette. This was a South Korean ship on which 46 South Koreans lost their lives, over 50 were injured. It was split in half by a torpedo from a North Korean submarine. And they actually lifted the two halves out of the water. Inspecting that and looking at the let-ters, the last letters that some of those young South Korean sailors had sent home before they perished, it is just a reminder, it is a reminder of how bru-tal that regime can be on its own peo-ple, but also on those against whom it has ill intent. So the South Koreans have suffered from this. And now, to see them move forward and try to expand this nuclear weapons program, each new launch brings them closer. They say they can hit the West Coast of the United States. They are claiming that they will be able to hit the entire U.S. with their ICBM pro-gram. These placards that you see and these posters actually show their mis-siles coming down on the United States. So, at this point, I think it is crit-ical, and our colleagues in the Senate feel the same way. I want to thank our Senate colleagues for building upon the House bill which E
LIOT ENGEL and I have authored. And I also appreciate the cooperation of the bipartisan House leadership to ensure this bill’s quick scheduling. It is just back from the Senate. In the wake of North Korea’s fourth nuclear test and its recent missile launch, many of our allies also are try-ing to tighten the screws now on that regime in order to slow its capability to deliver this type of weapon. Only days ago, South Korea shuttered the Kaesong Industrial Complex because, as they observed, it was giving the North Korean regime the hard cur-rency it needed in order to move for-ward its weapons programs. This will end a very important revenue for the North Korean regime. Japan has issued a new set of sanctions as well, and China and Russia should take notice and follow this example. It is time for the United States to stand with our partners in northeast Asia as we press China and Russia to follow suit, and this bill sends the mes-sage to that regime in North Korea that they must reform and they must disarm this nuclear weapons program. By cutting off Kim Jong-un’s access to the hard currency he needs for his army and his weapons, H.R. 757 will re-turn us to the one strategy that has worked: financial pressure on the North Korean regime. So I urge the passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SALMON. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to add my strong support to H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016, a critical bill to target the rogue Kim Jong Un re-gime in North Korea. I want to thank Chairman EDROYCE for drafting this important piece of legislation with Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL  and moving swiftly to bring it for a final vote here in the House before sending it on to the President. North Korea needs to know that it cannot pursue a nuclear program without a tough response from the United States and our allies in the region. This latest nuclear test and missile launch test fly in the face of current international sanctions and against years and years of ne-gotiation to end North Korea’s nuclear ambi-tions. By their actions, it is clear that North Korea has every intention to continue advancing its nuclear and missile programs, in an effort to strengthen both domestic and international po-sitions. This must stop here. This bill before us today will seize assets connected with North Korea’s proliferation pro-gram. It will staunch the flow of cash from anyone involved in arms trafficking, luxury goods, money laundering, and other means of weapons proliferation in North Korea. H.R. 757 will also target the regime’s hor-rendous and appalling human rights abuses, by requiring the Administration to develop a strategy that would protect human rights in North Korea and identify those in the North Korean regime who violate basic human rights and dignity. The time is now to take action and punish the North Korean regime for its destructive be-havior. The time to act is now. We cannot wait for another nuclear test, another missile launch, another island shelling, another ship sinking, or another hacking attack. If the Ad-ministration will not act to hold the North Ko-rean regime to account, then the Congress must. I am proud to vote in favor of H.R. 757 and strongly encourage all of my House col-leagues to join me. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 757. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.009 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H789 February 12, 2016 
COMMON SENSE NUTRITION DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 2017, including an exchange of let-ters between the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and the Judiciary. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
IL-
SONof South Carolina). Is there objec-tion to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 611 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2017. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0954 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2017) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclosure requirements for res-taurants and similar retail food estab-lishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A, with Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gentlewoman from Il-linois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act, spon-sored by Conference Chair C
ATHY  M
CMORRIS RODGERS and Representa-tive L
ORETTA SANCHEZ . This legislation, first and foremost, is about making menu labeling work for the American people and American businesses. Providing accurate infor-mation to consumers when they are de-ciding what to order is at the heart of this bill. This is not about hiding the calorie information. This bill is about making menu labeling requirements work for the entire industry. It seems obvious to me that a one- size-fits-all solution will not work for all restaurant chains; yet FDA’s menu labeling recommendation does just that, and its burdensome rules have raised alarm bells with businesses across the country. Convenience stores, grocery stores, take-out restaurants, pizza res-taurants, movie theaters, amusement parks, bowling alleys, and chain res-taurants, I think it is fair to say, can be very different. Expecting these dis-tinct businesses to all comply with the same standards is simply not reason-able; in fact, it is ridiculous. Furthermore, FDA’s existing regula-tions force businesses to provide infor-mation that is often useless to the con-sumer. The Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act provides calorie infor-mation to the customers when it would actually be helpful before they order. Knowing how many calories are in your meal at the point of purchase is not going to help anyone. Having cal-orie information when you place your order will help customers make healthier decisions. The current FDA menu labeling rules also will expose restaurants and retail-ers to harsh penalties. This bill makes sure that employees don’t get penalized for an inadvertent error. This bill would also help protect businesses from frivolous lawsuits. Our bill also addresses other imprac-tical, unworkable aspects of FDA’s reg-ulation. For example, flyers and adver-tisements were never meant to be con-sidered menus; yet, through guidance, the FDA confirmed that they consider flyers and advertisements menus. FDA had their chance to make corrections and they did not. This must be fixed, and our bill does just that. This bill came through our Sub-committee on Health with a voice vote. In full committee, it passed with a bi-partisan vote of 36–12–1. I look forward to passing H.R. 2017 through the House with an even stronger bipartisan vote. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2017. I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, February 10, 2016. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN UPTON : I am writing with respect to H.R. 2017, the ‘‘Common Sense Nu-trition Disclosure Act of 2015,’’ which was re-ferred to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. As you know, H.R. 2017 contains provisions that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with the Com-mittee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of H.R. 2017, the Committee on the Judiciary will not assert its jurisdic-tional claim over this bill by seeking a se-quential referral. However, this is condi-tional on our mutual understanding and agreement that doing so will in no way di-minish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future ju-risdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2017, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 2017. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, February 11, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2017, the ‘‘Com-mon Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your willingness to forgo seek-ing a sequential referral of the bill, and I agree that your decision will in no way di-minish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future ju-risdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 2017 on the House floor. Sincerely, F
REDUPTON , Chairman. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 2017, the so-called Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act. Far from common sense, this unnec-essary legislation would deny con-sumers critical information about the food that we eat. I began my career a long time ago as a consumer advocate, joining together with a small group of housewives to get retailers to put expiration dates on the products they sell. This was way back in 1970, when every single item in the grocery store was code dated. Now ex-piration dates are on nearly every sin-gle product because this change was good not only for consumers, but it was good for the retailers. They were able to control their inventory much bet-ter—less waste because dates are on the food. We can also control our re-frigerators a little bit better as well. b1000 Consumers can make better decisions with better information, and retailers can better control their inventory. Similarly, I believe menu labeling would be helpful to both consumers and retail food establishments, as more and more people are asking for this infor-mation and making smart decisions. At a time when over 78 million adult Americans are obese and the estimated cost of obesity in the United States is $147 billion a year, we should be em-bracing efforts to reduce this enormous cost to our healthcare system. In fact, a recent Harvard study found restaurant menu calorie labeling could save over $4.6 billion in healthcare costs over 10 years. That is not chump change. Countless consumer and public health organizations oppose H.R. 2017. That includes the American Diabetes Association, the American Cancer So-ciety, the American Heart Association, the American Public Health Associa-tion, and the Center for Science in the Public Interest. Supporters claim that menu labeling requirements would be too difficult to implement. That is what I heard from my colleague. But we know this isn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.011 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH790 February 12, 2016 
true. Why? Because California, New York City, the State of Vermont, and several counties around the country have successfully implemented menu labeling. Only chain restaurants with 20 or more locations operating under the same name must post calorie informa-tion. So this is not about small busi-nesses must post calorie information. Many of these chains have already had to comply with menu labeling in the places where it is currently required. In addition, the National Restaurant Association has long supported menu labeling, and consumers find this to be an asset. Claims that implementation of menu labeling has been rushed or has not allowed industry to weigh in are simply false. It has been 6 years since the law first passed, giving industry plenty of time to weigh in with the FDA and imple-ment this law. The FDA has already issued a 1-year extension, and the FY16 omnibus delayed implementation even further. The FDA has allowed for plenty of in-dustry participation through this 6- year process, and their final regula-tions provide a great deal of flexibility. H.R. 2017 would not only decrease consumer access to calorie informa-tion, but it would allow for incon-sistent or confusing menu information. This legislation, for example, allows food establishments to simply make up their own serving sizes. For example, the bill would allow es-tablishments to list the calories for one chicken wing as opposed to an order of chicken wings and wouldn’t re-quire the total number of calories to be listed. We have also heard that many estab-lishments, especially chain pizza res-taurants, claim that menu labeling would be too difficult for them to ac-count for all the variations in their menu offerings. But let’s be clear. Pizza chains only need to post calories for the standard menu items they list on their menu boards, not every possible pizza com-bination. So clearly, California, Vermont, and the City of New York have figured it out. I also took it upon myself to come up with an easy template for pizza res-taurants to use and that is free of charge. I am not going to charge them. It shows how easy it is for them to clearly display the calorie information and account for the different pizza op-tions. You can see right here. So we have one slice of cheese pizza. I just made up these calories. I think they are way too low. But let’s say one slice of cheese pizza is 250 calories. God bless them if they can do that. So then, for sausage, you would add calories; mushrooms, you would add calories; pepperoni, add calories; onion. I think it is rather attractive, easy to read, and important for consumers. Pizza is undeniably one of the most common menu items in America. On any given day, one out of every eight Americans eats pizza—one out of eight. The United States spends $37 billion a year on pizza, which accounts for one- third of the global pizza market. H.R. 2017 still requires chain pizza restaurants to calculate the calories for their menu items; so, clearly, it can’t be that difficult to come up with this information. Instead, this bill would allow them to present calorie information in a decep-tive manner and restrict customer ac-cess to this information, depending on where they place an order. Given how often pizza is consumed, it is critical that consumers have access to accurate calorie information at all points of sale. More and more, people are planning their caloric intake and making healthier decisions for themselves. We should be encouraging this and pro-viding consumers with the information they need to make smart decisions about their health. So I encourage my colleagues to op-pose this unnecessary bill that only serves to harm and confuse consumers. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, first, when we looked at the nice menu label-ing board that was just presented, it shows why H.R. 2017 is necessary. Because, if you look at just that board, it was simple, but it fails to specify the calories listed for each top-ping or the calories added to a single slice. Under FDA regulations and guidance, the menu must specify that the sau-sage, mushroom, pepperoni, and onion calories are added to the basic prepara-tion of slices of pizza with the word ‘‘add’’ or ‘‘added’’ spelled out. You can’t use the plus symbol, which the FDA has specifically said is not permitted. It fails to declare calories per slice and per topping for each size of pizza slice. The FDA regulations require that calories be declared for each size of pizza slice and for each topping as ap-plied to each size. So it shows why we need to move forward. It also doesn’t say that 2,000 calories a day is used for general nutrition advice, but calorie needs vary. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), my good friend and the chair-man of the full committee. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of this bill H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Dis-closure Act. Simply put, this is a bipartisan bill that would impose common sense where it is sorely needed: the final food labeling rule issued by this administra-tion. We have a classic example of the ad-ministration overreaching with a top- down, big government approach. Its impact is wide ranging and will nega-tively impact your pizza places, con-venience stores, grocery stores, amuse-ment parks, movie theaters, and ice cream stores, you name it. The administration’s own estimates state that this regulation could cost American businesses as much as $1 bil-lion to comply and 500,000 hours of pa-perwork, all on small businesses. That is a huge chunk of time and money that would be better spent hiring more folks who are creating improved expe-riences for customers. Michigan’s own Domino’s pizza illus-trates just how this rule simply doesn’t work. They have literally hundreds and hundreds of different potential order combinations: large pizzas, small ones, medium, thick, thin, and crispy. Right now they have an online calcu-lator that, in fact, will determine nu-tritional information so that, when you order from your computer or your app, you can see the precise nutrition information on that pizza. When 91 percent of orders are placed online, it doesn’t make much sense for Domino’s to have an in-store menu board that won’t provide precise nutri-tion information for customers on lit-erally hundreds of different choices. Yet, that is what the final food label-ing rule would require. We live in an innovative world, with businesses like Seamless and Uber Eats that bring all kinds of food with the click of a button to consumers’ door-steps. The menu board won’t be impactful and is not the solution to menu labeling. The Common Sense Nutrition Disclo-sure Act prevents these onerous bur-dens and puts in place a framework that actually works for consumers and businesses. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman from Michigan an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank, in particular, CATHY MCMORRIS  R
ODGERS and L ORETTA SANCHEZ for their bipartisan work to advance a workable, pragmatic solution that fo-cuses on consumers and small busi-nesses. As was noted, it did pass in our com-mittee 36–12 with one voting present. I look forward to an even stronger bipar-tisan vote today. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman. I also thank my good friend. I will move as quickly as I possibly can. Mr. Chairman, these legislative issues are important to us, and we real-ize that there is a difference of opinion. So I don’t come to the floor harking with great adversity, but I do come with a reasonable response to my oppo-sition to H.R. 2017 in terms of its over-all impact. So I would like to say that it is over-ly broad in its approach to address nar-rower concerns from the pizza industry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.013 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H791 February 12, 2016 
and other food establishments that are better resolved through guidance. The bill will reduce the likelihood that consumers will receive clear and consistent calorie information at chain food service establishments, and the bill weakens an important tool in-tended to help Americans make in-formed food choices at a time when obesity and other nutrition-related health problems are at crisis. Our constituents have gotten used to seeing the calorie content. They look for it. They want transparency. Obvi-ously, Americans eat less than the rec-ommended amounts of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, dairy products, and oil. Although we are not the Big Brother, we have to create opportuni-ties for such. I live in communities where there are food deserts. More than 23 million Americans, including 6.5 million chil-dren, live in food deserts, areas that are more than a mile away from a su-permarket. In 2008, an estimated 49.1 million peo-ple, including 16.7 million children, ex-perienced food insecurity—limited availability to safe and nutritionally adequate foods—multiple times throughout the year. So anytime there can be an increased knowledge about the nutrition of a food product, that is crucial. In addition, as the co-chair and founder of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, I work on the issues of child-hood obesity. Data from 2009 to 2010 indicates that over 78 million U.S. adults and about 12.5 million—16.9 percent—children and adolescents are obese. We need to help those individuals both in terms of their own confidence about themselves, but to eat healthy. So I rise today to oppose this legisla-tion because I believe we can find a better place of guidance. I include in the R
ECORD a letter, Mr. Chairman, from the National Res-taurant Association, which says: ‘‘We are writing to inform you of our oppo-sition to H.R. 2017. This legislation would create an unfair advantage be-tween competitors by specifically carv-ing out segments of the food service marketplace from the federal require-ment. . . . ’’ 
NATIONAL RESTAURANT ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, April 28, 2015. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : We are writing to inform you of our opposition to H.R. 2017. This legislation would create an unfair ad-vantage between competitors by specifically carving out segments of the food service marketplace from the federal requirement to provide uniform nutrition information. We urge you to treat establishments selling res-taurant type food equitably. Congress should not provide a competitive advantage for one segment of an industry over another. H.R. 2017 would broadly exempt thousands of chain grocery and convenience stores from providing uniform nutrition information on restaurant type food to customers notwith-standing that each day thousands of cus-tomers purchase such meals at these estab-lishments. Such establishments each made strategic decisions to compete directly with their local restaurants. While we welcome their competition, there is no justifiable rea-son why they should not be held to the same rules as those with whom they have chosen to compete. While we recognize the need ex-pressed by supporters of H.R. 2017 to have ap-propriate time for menu-labeling implemen-tation, H.R. 2017 would outright exempt enti-ties from providing nutrition information, create an uneven playing field, and cast dif-ferent requirements amongst competitors. The food service industry is a broad but competitive industry that is ever expanding in areas that have not traditionally provided restaurant meals. For example, today there are 54,000 grocery stores and 59,000 conven-ience stores that offer freshly prepared food and beverages, with annual average foodservice sales of $25 billion dollars. Taken together, these two foodservice segments alone represent 12% of total restaurant and foodservice locations in the U.S. In fact, in recent years, sales in this broad ‘retail host’ segment have grown much faster than the restaurant industry as a whole. Between 2006 and 2011, sales in this sector jumped 31%, compared to a 16% increase in total res-taurant industry sales. It is clear that grocery and convenience stores are expanding into the traditional res-taurant space and competing for the tradi-tional restaurant customer. Just as a res-taurant that decides to sell gas or packaged food would be required to adhere to the laws governing those products, our competitors should follow the rules that apply to res-taurant products. Moreover, as with most federal legislation, we recognized the need for a small business protection in the menu labeling require-ments. As a result, the law only applies to chains with 20 or more locations that oper-ate under the same trade name and offer for sale substantially the same menu items. Smaller chains and independent operators have the choice to voluntarily provide menu labeling but they are not required to do so under the federal law. Lastly, the menu labeling rule comes at a time when consumers are demanding more information about the food they eat. In pro-viding the nutritional content of restaurant foods, customers will have access to the in-formation they seek. In fact, this informa-tion is being met favorably with estimates suggesting 76% of consumers want menu la-beling. We appreciate your consideration that es-tablishments offering restaurant food be treated equally under the law. Should you have questions on the final requirements around menu labeling, please feel free to consult our website at www.restaurant.org/ menulabeling. If you have any questions re-garding this letter, please feel free to con-tact me at the National Restaurant Associa-tion. Sincerely, DANROEHL , Vice President, Government Relations. 
TRUST FOR AMERICA ’SHEALTH , February 8, 2016. D
EAR LILLIE : Trust for America’s Health (TFAH), a non-profit, non-partisan organiza-tion dedicated to promoting health for all Americans, urges Representative Jackson Lee to oppose H.R. 2017, legislation which would weaken and partially repeal critical Food and Drug Administration (FDA) menu labeling standards. The bill is scheduled to be considered by the House later this week. According to The State of Obesity 2015, obesity remains one of the biggest threats to the health of our children and country. Mound 17 percent of children and more than 30 percent of adults are currently considered obese, putting them at heightened risk for a wide range of health problems such as heart disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, stroke, cancer, asthma and osteoarthritis. Today, Americans consume roughly one- third of all calories outside the home. There is no single solution to the obesity epidemic, but without improved information about the nutritional content of their food options, millions of Americans will not have the tools they need to make healthy choices. I urge you to oppose this legislation. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact TFAH’s Senior Government Rela-tions Manager Jack Rayburn. Thank you, RICHARD HAMBURG , Interim President and CEO. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. This is the Na-tional Restaurant Association. I received a letter from the Trust for America’s Health. They, too, are a non-profit, nonpartisan organization. They have asked for us to oppose this, which would weaken and partially repeal crit-ical Food and Drug Administration, FDA, menu labeling. The bill, as I said, is scheduled to come, and here we are today. So my final points are this. If we have a problem, let’s try to work it out, but let’s not take a sledgehammer and sledgehammer the requirements that help Americans have transparent information about their food. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2017, the ‘‘Common Sense Nutrition Disclo-sure Act of 2015,’’ which amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise the nutritional information that restaurants and re-tail food establishments must disclose. As the founder and chair of the Congres-sional Children’s Caucus, I oppose this legisla-tion for the following four reasons: 1. H.R. 2017 is overly broad in its approach to address narrower concerns from the pizza industry and other food establishments that are better resolved through guidance; 2. The bill will reduce the likelihood that consumers will receive clear and consistent calorie information at chain food service estab-lishments; and 3. The bill weakens an important tool in-tended to help Americans make informed food choices at a time when obesity and other nu-trition-related health problems are at crisis lev-els. The FDA has been responsive to industry concerns and has already delayed implemen-tation of menu labeling by two years, which is more than six years after it was enacted. Moreover, H.R. 2017 states that its goal is to establish that the nutrient content disclosure statement on the menu or menu board at es-tablishments that serve prepared foods must include: 1. the number of calories contained in the whole menu item; 2. the number of servings and number of calories per serving; 3. the number of calories per common unit of the item, such as for a multi-serving item that is typically divided before presentation to the consumer; and 4. allow nutritional information may be pro-vided solely by a remote-access menu (e.g., an Internet menu) for food establishments where the majority of orders are placed by customers who are off-premises. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.014 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH792 February 12, 2016 
NUTRITION AND OBESITY  
Typical American diets exceed the rec-ommended intake levels or limits in four cat-egories: calories from solid fats and added sugars; refined grains; sodium; and saturated fat. Americans eat less than the recommended amounts of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, dairy products, and oils. About 90% of Americans eat more sodium than is recommended for a healthy diet. Reducing the sodium Americans eat by 1,200mg per day on could save up to $20 bil-lion a year in medical costs. Food available for consumption increased in all major food categories from 1970 to 2008. Average daily calories per person in the mar-ketplace increased approximately 600 calories. Since the 1970s, the number of fast food restaurants has more than doubled. More than 23 million Americans, including 6.5 million children, live in food deserts—areas that are more than a mile away from a super-market. In 2008, an estimated 49.1 million people, including 16.7 million children, experienced food insecurity (limited availability to safe and nutritionally adequate foods) multiple times throughout the year. In 2013, residents of the following states were most likely to report eating at least five servings of vegetables four or more days per week: Vermont (68.7%), Montana (63.0%) and Washington (61.8%). The least likely were Oklahoma (52.3%), Louisiana (53.3%) and Missouri (53.8%). The national average for regular produce consumption is 57.7%. Empty calories from added sugars and solid fats contribute to 40% of total daily calories for 2–18 year olds and half of these empty cal-ories come from six sources: soda, fruit drinks, dairy desserts, grain desserts, pizza, and whole milk. US adults consume an average of 3,400 mg/day [of sodium], well above the current federal guideline of less than 2,300 mg daily. Food safety awareness goes hand in hand with nutrition education. In the United States, food-borne agents affect 1 out of 6 individuals and cause approximately 48 million illnesses, 128,000 hospitalizations, and 3,000 deaths each year. US per capita consumption of total fat in-creased from approximately 57 pounds in 1980 to 78 pounds in 2009 with the highest consumption being 85 pounds in 2005. The US percentage of food-insecure house-holds, those with limited or uncertain ability to acquire acceptable foods in socially accept-able ways, rose from 11% to 15% between 2005 and 2009. 
OBESITY  
Data from 2009–2010 indicates that over 78 million U.S. adults and about 12.5 million (16.9%) children and adolescents are obese. Recent reports project that by 2030, half of all adults (115 million adults) in the United States will be obese. Overweight adolescents have a 70% chance of becoming overweight or obese adults. 
CHILDREN AND OBESITY  
For children with disabilities, obesity rates are approximately 38% higher than for chil-dren without disabilities. It gets worse for the adult population where obesity rates for adults with disabilities are approximately 57% higher than for adults without disabilities. In 2011–2012, 8.4% of 2- to 5-year-olds had obesity compared with 17.7% of 6- to 11-year- olds and 20.5% of 12- to 19-year-olds. Child-hood obesity is also more common among certain racial and ethnic groups. In 2011–2012, the prevalence among chil-dren and adolescents was higher among His-panics (22.4%) and non-Hispanic blacks (20.2%) than among non-Hispanic whites (14.1%). The prevalence of obesity was lower in non- Hispanic Asian youth (8.6%) than in youth who were non-Hispanic white, non-Hispanic black or Hispanic. Almost 40% of black and Latino youth ages 2 to 19 are overweight or obese compared with only 29% of white youth. IMPACT OF BILL ON CHILDREN  
Nearly 1 in 3 children, 2–19 years of age liv-ing in the United States is overweight or obese, putting them at risk for serious health problems. As members of Congress we should be join-ing with parents, caregivers, brothers and sis-ters, schools, communities and healthcare pro-viders in making accurate and easily under-standable information regarding the nutrient and calorie content of takeout food transparent to the public. Our goal should be to work together to cre-ate a nation where the healthy choices in takeout as well as food prepared at homes are readily available. Part of that means information on calorie content and nutrition of food is essential. Food high calorie content, while low in nutri-tional value, is a recipe for obesity. 
HUMAN AND FINANCIAL COSTS OF OBESITY  
Obesity-related illness, including chronic dis-ease, disability, and death, is estimated to carry an annual cost of $190.2 billion. Projections estimate that by 2018, obesity will cost the U.S. 21 percent of our total healthcare costs—$344 billion annually. Those who are obese have medical costs that are $1,429 more than those of normal weight on average (roughly 42% higher). The annual cost of being overweight is $524 for women and $432 for men; annual costs for being obese are even higher: $4,879 for women and $2,646 for men. Obesity is also a growing threat to national security—a surprising 27% of young Ameri-cans are too overweight to serve in our mili-tary. Approximately 15,000 potential recruits fail their physicals every year because they are unfit. The medical care costs of obesity in the United States are staggering. In 2008 dollars, these costs totaled about $147 billion. Hunger hurts everyone, but it is especially devastating to children. Having enough nutri-tious, healthy food is critical to a child’s phys-ical and emotional development and their abil-ity to achieve academically. Children facing hunger may perform worse in school and struggle with social and behav-ioral problems that impact their ability to learn. 16 million children in America face hunger. In 2014, more than 21.5 million low-income children received free or reduced-price meals daily through the National School Lunch Pro-gram. 84% of client households with children re-port purchasing the cheapest food available, even if it wasn’t the healthiest option. H.R. 2017 Removes the Information Needed by Consumers to make Good Food Choices 
TEXAS AND CARRYOUT FOOD LABELING  
Nearly 27 million people call the state of Texas home, making it the second largest and most populous state in the nation. Unfortunately, Texas ranks first as the most obese state in the United States for children. More than 1 in 3 children and adolescents in Texas is obese, putting them at risk for seri-ous health problems. The story does not end with these statistics. An initiative by state school districts in col-laboration with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation is working to address childhood obesity in the state of Texas. More than 2,100 schools serving over 1.4 million students across the state of Texas have joined the Alliance’s Healthy Schools Program, creating healthier school environ-ments for children to thrive. Since 2007, 136 Texas schools have been recognized with National Healthy Schools Awards for their outstanding efforts. I must encourage my colleagues to join me in opposition to this unwise and harmful legis-lation. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), my good friend. Mr. BILIRAKIS. I thank my good friend from Kentucky. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutri-tion Disclosure Act. This bill, as the name suggests, truly is a commonsense bill. H.R. 2017 would lift many of the burdens on small businesses and help protect establishments from excessive regulations. This summer I visited many Florida food producers, distributors, and res-taurants, including one of the local Publix Super Markets, in Land O’ Lakes, Florida, where employees showed me how current policies and ex-cessive regulations impact their store. However, it was clear that reasonable regulations are needed. This bill allows for providing nutritional information to consumers based on the different ways that foods are prepared and sold across venues and formats. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairwoman M
CMORRIS RODGERS for sponsoring the bill and the committee for their good work. I urge passage of this great bill, H.R. 2017. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). I am really glad to introduce M
ARK D
ESAULNIER , who has experience with this particular legislation. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. I thank the gen-tlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 2017. I do this in the context of my background and my professional life, 40 years in the restaurant business. I started as a busboy and a dish-washer. I have worked in chain res-taurants and fast-food restaurants and owned multiple fine-dining restaurants in the Bay Area and have done con-sulting to restaurants throughout Cali-fornia. b1015 I was an author along with a col-league in the State legislature. At that time, the first statewide menu labeling legislation in the country was in Cali-fornia. My colleague had been on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.004 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H793 February 12, 2016 
L.A. City Council, I had been in local government in the bay area, and we had started in local government doing this. We took 2 years, from 2006 to 2008, to work with a Republican administration and a Democratic leadership of both Houses in California. I worked with the California Restaurant Association, which I was a longtime member of. At the end of the day, we accommo-dated all people’s interests, including the stakeholders in the pizza industry. What we had was a remarkable piece of legislation that is helping to address what the Center for Disease Control called over 10 years ago a national epi-demic in this country, a national epi-demic of obesity, particularly for young people, for young Americans, of which as many as two-thirds of them deal with obesity every day, or over-weight, and obesity-related diseases, like diabetes type 2, has expanded over 300 percent since 1971, when many of us were younger. This is a national epi-demic. When we were doing the legislation in California, we considered cost bene-fits. We worked, as I said before, with the Restaurant Association. As some-body who spent 4 years in the Res-taurant Association—and they were independent restaurants so I under-stand that this would not apply di-rectly—but many of those restaurants already started on their own, and the consumers responded to it in the con-text of this national crisis. Here is a piece of legislation that the administration is continuing to work in full faith with the stakeholders on. Why not let them continue. It is a major piece of prevention. It is a major piece of public health. I have been in the restaurant busi-ness long enough to remember when Mothers Against Drunk Driving brought their issues to the restaurant industry and said that we should do something about the epidemic of drunk driving deaths. We did. The restaurant industry put up a struggle and thought it would be the end of it. I have been in the business long enough to remember secondhand smoke, where similarly people said: This will be the end of us. I know how hard it is to keep a res-taurant open. It is one of the most daunting things you can do in life. I know the importance of them in a com-munity where more and more Ameri-cans with two-income households rely on restaurants and dining out to pro-vide for their families. Therein lies part of our crisis. The restaurant business responded when we had drunk driving issues. It responded again in secondhand smoke. Many of us can remember when you would walk into a restaurant and you were engulfed in smoke. We know what the public health dangers of that were. We know how we have reduced that ex-posure and led the world. Here is another occasion where the United States—and I know in Cali-fornia, we led the world, and it is work-ing. I will say that you can remedy, as somebody with my background, the conflicts between public health. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I yield the gen-tleman from California an additional 1 minute. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. I urge my col-leagues—given the experience I have had and others, and the urgency of the issue when it comes to public health and the future of this country—to vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, can I inquire how much time I have re-maining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Illinois has 16
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ ), my good friend. Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Chairman, this is an issue that I care a lot about. Diabetes runs in my family, and I am talking genera-tions worth. One of the ways that you combat dia-betes is through nutrition and through exercise. I watch everything that I eat. I am very grateful that when I go to a restaurant, they put the calorie count on the different pieces on the menu. I am very grateful that when I go into a 7–Eleven or some other type of conven-ience store, that there is calorie count and serving size on everything that I buy there. This is very important to me. But at the same time, I have been a small business woman, I have had a small business, and I know how dif-ficult it is to make payroll, to be a small business trying to make a profit. I think that this particular regulation, not law, because when we passed the Affordable Care Act we said: Let’s help people make good nutrition decisions, and I agree with that. But then we had a regulatory agency that made these regulations that just don’t make sense. That is what this bill is about. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, one of my col-leagues, said: This is easy, let’s just work it out. But the reality is we have been at this for almost 2 or 3 years, and we have not been able to work it out at the table. This is very, very important. There was just a letter of opposition put into the R
ECORD from the National Restaurant Association. Yes, early on, to this bill, they were opposed. But the thing they were opposed to was the 50 percent rule, and we have taken that out of this. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. GUTHRIE. I yield the gentle-woman from California an additional 30 seconds. Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. I would like to say that the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015 aims to fix these problems and to help small businesses meet the intention of the law. I think it is very unfair if you walk into a 7–Eleven and because something is taken out of its package and is put in a toaster oven that, all of a sudden, another place has to put the calories. So I would ask my colleagues, please, let’s do the right thing. Let’s help con-sumers be smart about what they are eating, and let’s let businesses go about their business. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the wonderful consumer advocate who has been fighting issues on nutrition and consumer information for such a long time and who is so knowledgeable about the importance of information for consumers. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015. As many of you know, I have been a longstanding champion of menu label-ing, and I have fought to secure its in-clusion in the Affordable Care Act. In fact, I was the original author of the House menu labeling bill. When the Congress passed standard-ized menu labeling in 2010, what was the goal? To arm Americans with the right-to-know information they need to make informed nutritional decisions for themselves and for their families. The language was built on consensus and compromise and worked out be-tween a wide variety of interests, in-cluding many industry partners. I can find you the quotes from the National Restaurant Association where we stood together to make the announcement to put calories up on menu boards where people could see them and make the decision about what they were going to purchase at the point of purchase. Now certain sectors of the industry want to tear down the progress that we have made. This bill would weaken and repeal a crucial step to combat the obesity epidemic in the United States. This bill increases consumer confusion and allows restaurants to list deceptive portion sizes, listing an entree as mul-tiple servings, even though these items are often consumed by one person. For example, a restaurant could list the caloric content of one chicken wing, deciding that one chicken wing is a serving size. But people do not eat just one chicken wing. Under the pro-posed bill, a restaurant would not be obligated to inform a consumer that there are 12 chicken wings in an order, which can lead to consumers making misinformed decisions based on mis-leading information, consuming far more calories than they ever realized. This bill would also deny consumers the right to nutritional information at that point of purchase, even if 49 per-cent of orders are placed from in-store menus. Food establishments, what they would like to do is to bury menu labeling online. Multiple studies have shown that providing calorie menu information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.017 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH794 February 12, 2016 
can help Americans make lower calorie choices. But they cannot do this if they do not have the information they need. It also weakens enforcement, con-sumer protection, and it would com-pletely remove an establishment’s in-centive to comply with menu labeling requirements. It also removes the ability of individ-uals to hold retail establishments ac-countable for violations to the food la-beling law. Many public interest health organi-zations are concerned about the ability of citizens to take action on non-compliance to menu labeling stand-ards. Given that the Food and Drug Ad-ministration is chronically under-funded, this would be a serious setback. We live in a country where obesity is an epidemic. In March 2015, sales at restaurants and bars surpassed spend-ing at grocery stores for the first time ever. On an average day, one out of three Americans eat at a fast food res-taurant. Americans are eating nearly half of their meals and snacks outside the home. Nutritional information must be made readily available where the consumer is at a point of purchase. Children are especially at risk. Today, more than a third of children and adolescents are overweight and obese. Children eat almost twice as many calories at a restaurant than they do at home. The impact on our kids alone should be reason enough to oppose a measure that undermines the consumer’s ability to make an in-formed nutrition choice at mealtime. The good news is that menu labeling works. A 2015 study at Harvard found that menu labeling could save $4.6 bil-lion in healthcare costs over 10 years. It is a popular concept. A national poll found that 80 percent of Americans support menu labeling in chain res-taurants. Over 100 nutrition and health organizations support menu labeling, along with trade associations, like the National Restaurant Association, chain restaurants such as McDonald’s, Chili’s, and IHOP. The existing law is flexible. Res-taurants with less than 20 locations—a mom and pop small businesses—are ex-cluded. Your local grocery store is ex-cluded. It has been 6 years since the original labeling law passed. There has been a 2- year delay in its full implementation. The Food and Drug Administration has actually gone almost door to door to work with the industry to address their concerns. We should let them work through this process rather than complicating it with this legislation, which is just industry’s answer to gut-ting the legislation. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I yield the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut as much time as she may consume. Ms. D
ELAURO. Let them work through the process. We would be undoing years of meaningful, impactful work on menu labeling with a single stroke. This is a special interest-driven bill. No one is suggesting that every per-mutation of a meal has to be changed and listed on a menu board. That is false. That is misrepresentation. You take the standard menu and you put that up there, and the same is true of pizza places, the same is true of the deli counter, and a convenience store. Do not let an industry that doesn’t want to provide information to the American people about what they are eating and what the calorie content is—you know, when we first started this, we talked about calories and so-dium and a whole bunch of other things, but it was by working with the industry that I did at that time, that said: No, let’s just put calories up there. That is reasonable. We don’t have to go further than that. They stood side by side with me and we went to restaurants where we saw what the calorie count was on the label, and they were perfectly happy with it. Subsections of this industry have re-fused to do what the broad-based indus-try has wanted to do. This is industry-driven. It is not the answer. It would undo over 5 years of progress on menu labeling. It hurts the American public. It hurts our children. And I urge all of my colleagues to op-pose it. b1030 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to my good friend, the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. BLUM). Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2017, the Com-mon Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act. This commonsense, bipartisan legis-lation would change the FDA’s burden-some and impractical labeling of pre-pared food items at grocery stores and at convenience stores into a more workable and efficient solution that keeps food costs down for consumers. In the First District of Iowa, many of my constituents stop by local busi-nesses, like Casey’s General Store or the Hy-Vee supermarket, to get a hot breakfast or to pick up a convenient meal over their lunch breaks. These stores often use local ingredients and offer specialty items, which means their recipes and nutritional informa-tion and content can vary. Under the FDA’s regulation, Casey’s, Hy-Vee, and any other business that is impacted by the rule could be penalized for failing to label accurately a sand-wich that happens to get an extra squirt of mayo or a salad that a cus-tomer chooses to top off with bacon bits. H.R. 2017 would fix these issues by providing a menu board that lists nu-tritional information for prepared items instead of forcing these busi-nesses to pass excessive labeling com-pliance costs on to their customers. Furthermore, as a career small-busi-ness man, I know how tough it is to compete with massive corporations, and excessive red tape like this makes it even harder. While large corpora-tions can often afford the added costs, it is the smaller businesses that get squeezed out of the marketplace by the extra burden of ever-increasing red tape. Mr. Chairman, the FDA’s regulation is just another example of Washington overreach that forces businesses to push costs, with no added benefit, onto customers. I am proud to cosponsor this bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in vot-ing in favor of H.R. 2017. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act. This bipartisan bill would protect small businesses from overbearing FDA regulations that harm workers, job cre-ators, our economy, and, oh, by the way, personal freedom of choice for in-dividual citizens, who, in most cases, make good decisions and ought to have a choice in America. The FDA’s poorly designed menu la-beling requirements do not take into account the diversity of restaurants and of food products. That is America. The estimated cost for places like delis, convenience stores, and pizzerias to comply would be more than $1 bil-lion. Mr. Chairman, we are here today to offer a practical alternative that would rein in and clarify the FDA’s burden-some, one-size-fits-all approach. This commonsense bill offers an efficient and, I believe, an effective solution by giving small businesses greater flexi-bility to provide nutrition information in a way that best serves their cus-tomers. I urge its passage. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. The previous speaker said that this is all about choice. I agree with that. I think it is all about choice and about having the kind of information to make a proper choice. Let me just give you an example of a menu from a SUBWAY in Montgomery County, Maryland. This is from SUBWAY, which lists the calories in a standardized way, and that is what the original regulations and law required before there being this confusing change in the legisla-tion. It reads, for example, that a SUB-WAY Melt is 380 calories and that a Chicken and Bacon Ranch is 580 cal-ories. Now, one would not necessarily assume that a SUBWAY Melt, which sounds cheesy and kind of rich, would, actually, have fewer calories—by 200— than a Chicken and Bacon Ranch. I think it is good for me and for many consumers to go in and to be able to see that and know that is going to be the standard way that calories are pre-sented. This legislation would allow such things as this. The covered establishments could make their own decisions about what is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.018 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H795 February 12, 2016 
a serving size. It wouldn’t be the same from establishment to establishment. For example, this allows covered estab-lishments to not list the total number of servings for an item on the menu, like a platter of a certain appetizer. For example, an advertiser could list the calories as 400 calories but not dis-close that one platter—just one order— has three servings, for a total of 1,200 calories—400 versus 1,200 calories. This presents real confusion and, I would argue, misinformation to the con-sumer. More and more Americans are eating food outside of the home that is pre-pared by restaurants or by chain gro-cery stores where they have a section on prepared foods. In order to have complete decisionmaking power, it is very important that we have the cal-ories that are there and posted. Obviously, this is not overburdening, certainly, small businesses, because this isn’t about small businesses. We have the largest State in the country already having these regulations, oper-ating smoothly. We have got the sec-ond largest city in the country—the city of New York—and we have the State of Vermont, very different kinds of locations that are being able to com-ply with the FDA regulations and the law that we want to go into effect next year. We do not need H.R. 2017 to con-fuse and disarm consumers and not provide them with the information they need. I have another menu from Specialty Pizza: build your own pizza. What it has is a range of calories; so it would not be overburdening for every single different iteration of a pizza to have all of the different calories. There are op-tions and there is flexibility under the legislation. It doesn’t need to be changed and undermined by H.R. 2017. If we are serious about dealing with one of the most important, expensive, and ubiquitous diseases in the United States of America—diabetes. One of the greatest problems that we face is obe-sity in adults and especially in chil-dren—then I think we owe it to our families to make sure that we do not pass H.R. 2017, a special interest-driven bill to decrease consumer access to im-portant nutrition and calorie informa-tion. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, let me state what this bill is not. It is not doing away with the cal-orie count or the ability for people to understand what calorie content, or ca-loric content, is available in each prod-uct. I am one who looks at that. I don’t know of anything that has a calorie count on anything that I have eaten re-cently that I haven’t looked at. I have checked out the serving sizes so that I know how many chicken wings I want to order. If I can get the calories per chicken wing, I can make that deter-mination. We looked at the menu board that was offered earlier, and it looked sim-ple, but this is the issue: Even if you put ranges, how do you get the infor-mation in people’s hands? I was just at a restaurant, when I was traveling in my district the other day, that had cal-ories for different orders. One was from 400 to 800 on one. So what we want to do is to make it available in a way that is efficient, as most people now get their information not necessarily on a board where you have to have big ranges, but specific. For instance, at one pizza restaurant alone, we had the pizza slice plus a few toppings; but what if you have five styles of crust, six different cheeses, five sauces, four sizes, and 20 different toppings? If you put all of that together, it comes to about 34 million different combina-tions, and deviations from the standard that the FDA has put forward could lead to fines and to criminal penalties. What we are looking at, as my friend from California said, are these rules that are incredibly complex, burden-some, and inflexible. What this bill does not do is create exemptions or di-minish the amount of information that must be provided by restaurants or re-tailers. All it does is allow for some flexibility, and it clarifies the unwork-able and overly complex regulations the FDA finalized in November 2014. A lot of things that happen here are over-ly cumbersome and unworkable. We go to delay, to delay, and we delayed an omnibus, as they said. These are going to be unworkable 6 months from now and a year from now. So let’s fix it so that our businesses know what to provide without their having the threat of penalty, because they will know what to provide, and so that consumers can make choices. I am one, as I said, who wants that informa-tion because I want to be able to make that choice for myself and for my fam-ily. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today takes an important step in protecting our nation’s small businesses from unnecessary costs and regulatory burdens. The Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act provides for flexibility for the food service industry to en-sure they can comply with the regulatory re-quirements as issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Sadly, the rule issued by the FDA was de-clared to be the third most burdensome regu-lation proposed in 2010 and could cost Amer-ican businesses $1 billion to comply and 500,000 hours of paperwork. The 400-page rule establishes one-size-fits-all nutritional dis-closure requirements. H.R. 2017 is necessary to help small busi-ness owners, franchisees, as well as con-sumers who want easy access to accurate nu-trition information in a common sense way. Without HR. 2017, covered establishments, including pizza delivery businesses and gro-cery stores, would be subject to a cum-bersome, rigid and costly regulatory compli-ance process to avoid violations and possible criminal prosecution. H.R. 2017 improves and clarifies the final rule promulgated by the FDA implementing the menu-labeling requirements of Section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The concern is that without the relief and flexibility provided for in H.R. 2017, the final rule goes well be-yond what was intended by the ACA. The obligations are imposed not only on chain restaurants—including delivery estab-lishments, but also on any other chain retailer that sells non-packaged food, such as grocery store salad bars, and convenience stores’ meals to go. Small businesses that are not chain res-taurants but are indeed subject to the rule will face a dramatic increase in regulatory compli-ance costs. Consumers most assuredly will see higher food costs, and perhaps fewer choices. Some retailers may find it more ad-vantageous to stop selling restaurant-type food altogether. So instead of purchasing fresh sandwiches, consumers may have to buy pre-packaged sandwiches since those will not require the retailer to comply with labeling requirements. Fixing this burdensome regulation will ben-efit tens of thousands of restaurants, grocery stores, convenience stores and small business owners that otherwise would be burdened with regulations that are costly and hurt job cre-ation. Mr. Speaker, this legislation provides clarity, flexibility, and certainty for these companies, and also ensures consumers have access to the information they need to make informed nutritional decisions. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2017. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. The text of the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2017 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDING CERTAIN DISCLOSURE RE-QUIREMENTS FOR RESTAURANTS AND SIMILAR RETAIL FOOD ESTAB-LISHMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 403(q)(5)(H) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343(q)(5)(H)) is amended— (1) in subclause (ii)— (A) in item (I)(aa), by striking ‘‘the number of calories contained in the standard menu item, as usually prepared and offered for sale’’ and in-serting ‘‘the number of calories contained in the whole standard menu item, or the number of servings (as reasonably determined by the res-taurant or similar retail food establishment) and number of calories per serving, or the number of calories per the common unit division of the standard menu item, such as for a multiserving item that is typically divided before presentation to the consumer’’; (B) in item (II)(aa), by striking ‘‘the number of calories contained in the standard menu item, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.019 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH796 February 12, 2016 
as usually prepared and offered for sale’’ and inserting ‘‘the number of calories contained in the whole standard menu item, or the number of servings (as reasonably determined by the res-taurant or similar retail food establishment) and number of calories per serving, or the number of calories per the common unit division of the standard menu item, such as for a multiserving item that is typically divided before presentation to the consumer’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following flush text: ‘‘In the case of restaurants or similar retail food establishments where the majority of orders are placed by customers who are off-premises at the time such order is placed, the information re-quired to be disclosed under items (I) through (IV) may be provided by a remote-access menu (such as a menu available on the Internet) as the sole method of disclosure instead of on- premises writings.’’; (2) in subclause (iii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘either’’ after ‘‘a restaurant or similar retail food establishment shall’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or comply with subclause (ii)’’ after ‘‘per serving’’; (3) in subclause (iv)— (A) by striking ‘‘For the purposes of this clause’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes of this clause’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and other reasonable means’’ and inserting ‘‘or other reasonable means’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) R
EASONABLE BASIS DEFINED .—For the purposes of this subclause, with respect to a nu-trient disclosure, the term ‘reasonable basis’ means that the nutrient disclosure is within ac-ceptable allowances for variation in nutrient content. Such acceptable allowances shall in-clude allowances for variation in serving size, inadvertent human error in formulation or prep-aration of menu items, and variations in ingre-dients.’’; (4) by amending subclause (v) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(v) M
ENU VARIABILITY AND COMBINATION  
MEALS .—The Secretary shall establish by regula-tion standards for determining and disclosing the nutrient content for standard menu items that come in different flavors, varieties, or com-binations, but which are listed as a single menu item, such as soft drinks, ice cream, pizza, doughnuts, or children’s combination meals. Such standards shall allow a restaurant or simi-lar retail food establishment to choose whether to determine and disclose such content for the whole standard menu item, for a serving or com-mon unit division thereof, or for a serving or common unit division thereof accompanied by the number of servings or common unit divisions in the whole standard menu item. Such stand-ards shall allow a restaurant or similar retail food establishment to determine and disclose such content by using any of the following methods: ranges, averages, individual labeling of flavors or components, or labeling of one pre-set standard build. In addition to such methods, the Secretary may allow the use of other meth-ods, to be determined by the Secretary, for which there is a reasonable basis (as such term is defined in subclause (iv)(II)).’’; (5) in subclause (x)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this clause, the Sec-retary shall promulgate proposed regulations to carry out this clause.’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015, the Secretary shall issue proposed regulations to carry out this clause, as amended by such Act. Any final regulations that are promulgated pur-suant to the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015, and any final regulations that were promulgated pursuant to this clause before the date of enactment of the Common Sense Nutri-tion Disclosure Act of 2015, shall not take effect earlier than 2 years after the promulgation of final regulations pursuant to the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) CERTIFICATIONS .—Restaurants and simi-lar retail food establishments shall not be re-quired to provide certifications or similar signed statements relating to compliance with the re-quirements of this clause.’’; (6) by amending subclause (xi) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(xi) D
EFINITIONS .—In this clause: ‘‘(I) M
ENU; MENU BOARD .—The term ‘menu’ or ‘menu board’ means the one listing of items which the restaurant or similar retail food es-tablishment reasonably believes to be, and des-ignates as, the primary listing from which cus-tomers make a selection in placing an order. The ability to order from an advertisement, coupon, flyer, window display, packaging, social media, or other similar writing does not make the writ-ing a menu or menu board. ‘‘(II) P
RESET STANDARD BUILD .—The term ‘preset standard build’ means the finished version of a menu item most commonly ordered by consumers. ‘‘(III) S
TANDARD MENU ITEM .—The term ‘standard menu item’ means a food item of the type described in subclause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (5)(A) with the same recipe prepared in substantially the same way with substantially the same food components that— ‘‘(aa) is routinely included on a menu or menu board or routinely offered as a self-service food or food on display at 20 or more locations doing business under the same name; and ‘‘(bb) is not a food referenced in subclause (vii).’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xii) O
PPORTUNITY TO CORRECT VIOLA -
TIONS .—Any restaurant or similar retail food es-tablishment that the Secretary determines is in violation of this clause shall have 90 days after receiving notification of the violation to correct the violation. The Secretary shall take no en-forcement action, including the issuance of any public letter, for violations that are corrected within such 90-day period.’’. (b) N
ATIONAL UNIFORMITY .—Section 403A(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343–1(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘may exempt from subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘may exempt from subsection (a) (other than sub-section (a)(4))’’. 
SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM NONCOMPLIANCE WITH NUTRITION LABELING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 403(q)(5)(H) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343(q)(5)(H)), as amended by section 2, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xiii) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—A res- taurant or similar retail food establishment shall not be liable in any civil action in Federal or State court (other than an action brought by the United States or a State) for any claims arising out of an alleged violation of— ‘‘(I) this clause; or ‘‘(II) any State law permitted under section 403A(a)(4).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–421. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MRS . MCMORRIS  
RODGERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–421. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
On page 5, strike lines 15 through 24 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(II) P
ERMISSIBLE VARIATION .—If the res-taurant or similar food establishment uses such means as the basis for its nutrient con-tent disclosures, such disclosures shall be treated as having a reasonable basis even if such disclosures vary from actual nutrient content, including but not limited to vari-ations in serving size, inadvertent human error in formulation or preparation of menu items, variations in ingredients, or other reasonable variations.’’; 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 611, the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS ROD-
GERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, the amendment I am offer-ing is a clarifying amendment. Current law requires that restaurants and food establishments have a reason-able basis for how they determine the calorie count they ultimately disclose to their customers. The FDA’s final rule does not accommodate for the var-iability that is involved when pre-paring food. Especially when chefs are preparing fresh, custom order items, mistakes and variations are inevitable. For example, if someone is making a pizza and is adding a handful of every topping, chefs’ hands are different sizes, so people may end up with more or less of each ingredient. The amendment will provide the added flexibility that we want for food establishments to determine accurate nutrient disclosures by allowing for permissible variations, like inad-vertent human error, while also ensur-ing that businesses and their employ-ees will not be criminally penalized. Now I want to address some of the concerns that were raised by my col-leagues from across the aisle about the underlying legislation, H.R. 2017. This bill is not about the merits of calorie counts. This bill does not re-move any requirements for calorie counts on menus. This bill certainly does not make it more difficult for cus-tomers to receive nutritional informa-tion. This bill, at its very core, is about flexibility. In trying to create a uni-form standard, the FDA’s rule at-tempts to impose a one-size-fits-all ap-proach to an industry as diverse as its ingredients. b1045 Every deli and salad bar offering, every possible pizza topping combina-tion will soon have to be calculated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.007 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H797 February 12, 2016 
and their calorie count displayed on physical menus. This is problematic for two reasons: First, the made-to-order portion of the food industry offers endless, constantly changing combinations of ingredients. For some sandwich shops and pizzerias, the possible variations are tens of mil-lions. The FDA wants these res-taurants to put on paper all of these variations and their calorie counts and have it publicly displayed in the res-taurant. It is unrealistic. Second, digital and online ordering are many customers’ preferred methods of ordering. Nearly 90 percent of orders in some restaurants are placed by an individual never stepping foot into the restaurant. So tell me, why does it make sense to force a restaurant to have a physical menu with calorie list-ings when 90 percent of your customers aren’t ever going to see it? How does it make sense to force a customer to navigate millions of combinations to find the nutritional information that matches their order? This legislation provides flexibility in how these restaurants provide the nutritional information. It makes it easier for customers to actually see and understand the information be-cause it is displayed where the cus-tomer actually places the order, in-cluding by phone, online, or through mobile apps. By bringing this rule into the 21st century, customers can trust that they are getting more reliable information in an easy-to-access, consumer-friendly way. It also protects small-business owners and their employees from frivo-lous lawsuits and criminal actions that could be honest, inadvertent human error. Accidentally putting too many pickles on a sandwich and increasing its calorie count should not be a crimi-nal offense. This bill is about trusting people through their elected representatives to make their own decisions and pursue their own dreams. It is all a part of the choice that we are offering America as we move forward in 2016. Before I close, I want to thank my colleagues and the stakeholders, in-cluding the National Restaurant Asso-ciation, which has withdrawn its pre-vious opposition to the bill, for their hard work in this bipartisan effort. Thank you, everyone. It has been a team effort, and I appreciate your sup-port. Finally, I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important amendment and ulti-mately vote ‘‘yes’’ for the bipartisan, commonsense Nutrition Disclosure Act. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD this letter from the National Grocers Association. NATIONAL GROCERS ASSOCIATION  K
EYVOTE, February 9, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, The Capitol, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN MCCARTHY , Majority Leader, The Capitol, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, The Capitol, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TENY HOYER , Democratic Whip, The Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, L EADER PELOSI , L
EADER MCCARTHY , AND REPRESENTATIVE  H
OYER : On behalf of the National Grocers As-sociation (NGA), I am writing to express our support for H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nu-trition Disclosure Act of 2015, which would provide common sense reforms to the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) final rule for Nutritional Labeling of Standard Menu Items in Restaurants and Similar Retail Food Establishments (FDA–2011–0172). NGA strongly encourages the House to pass this bill with bipartisan support. We commend House Leadership for bringing this bill to the Floor and the champions of the legislation, Congresswomen Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R– WA) and Loretta Sanchez (D–CA). NGA is the national trade association rep-resenting the retail and wholesale grocers that comprise the independent channel of the food distribution industry. An inde-pendent retailer is a privately owned or con-trolled food retail company operating a vari-ety of formats. Most independent operators are serviced by wholesale distributors, while others may be partially or fully self-distrib-uting. Some independents are publicly trad-ed, but with controlling shares held by the family and others are employee owned. Inde-pendents are the true ‘‘entrepreneurs’’ of the grocery industry and dedicated to their cus-tomers, associates, and communities. The independent supermarket channel is ac-countable for close to 1% of the nation’s overall economy and is responsible for gener-ating $131 billion in sales, 944,000 jobs, $30 bil-lion in wages, and $27 billion in taxes. As part of the nutrition labeling provisions contained in the Affordable Care Act (ACA), the FDA is requiring the disclosure of caloric information for standard menu items in res-taurants and retail food establishments. The provision amended the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) to require res-taurants and similar retail food establish-ments that are part of a chain operating 20 or more locations and doing business under the same name to provide nutritional infor-mation for standard menu items, including food on display and self-service food. The original intent of the provision contained in the ACA aimed to provide one federal stand-ard for chain restaurants with highly stand-ardized menus and menu boards from regu-latory confusion created by a growing list of state and local laws regarding nutrition in-formation disclosures. Unfortunately, throughout the rulemaking process the FDA greatly expanded the scope of the rule, and has now included companies that have high-ly specialized menus that vary by location, including supermarkets. H.R. 2017 contains important regulatory fixes that would eliminate confusion and un-certainty in implementation, limit burden-some regulatory costs and provide flexibility to community oriented supermarkets, allow-ing them to tailor their offerings to the neighborhoods and communities they serve. Importantly, H.R. 2017 does not exempt any entities, including supermarkets from the requirements under the law. Under the FDA rule, independent super-market operators with 20 or more locations would be required to provide caloric informa-tion throughout the store, including menus, display cases, booklets, pamphlets or fliers, advertising circulars. For independent super-markets that provide extensive fresh and local options, freshly baked goods, cut fruit, and salad bars, this creates challenges in terms of how to properly display this infor-mation. H.R. 2017 provides important flexi-bility for supermarkets while also ensuring consumers are provided with the information they desire. Additionally, the rule does not provide flexibility for unique, local items that are sold at only one store within a chain. Many independent grocers take pride in providing fresh and local items that reflect the com-munities in which they operate, often con-tracting with local businesses in order to provide one or two items to one location. NGA believes that this provides a large dis-incentive for independent supermarket oper-ators to continue providing localized op-tions. H.R. 2017 provides flexibility to ensure independent supermarkets can continue to provide these local, unique products. As currently constituted, the final menu labeling rule creates extensive legal liability issues for independent supermarket opera-tors. Due to the fact that the menu labeling rule falls under the FFDCA, failure to com-ply with the menu labeling rule in any way carries potential felony penalties, including the possibility of jail time. Additionally, there is no grace period or warning system in place for first-time offenders who may be in violation of the rule due to inadvertent human error, such as adding an extra slice of ham to a sandwich, additional pepperoni to a pizza, or simply placing an item in the ‘‘wrong’’ bin before placing it in the salad bar. H.R. 2017 protects front line employees who make inadvertent mistakes while also providing establishments with 90 days to take corrective action prior to any enforce-ment action. Additionally, businesses are protected from frivolous lawsuits by prohib-iting private rights of action. NGA strongly supports H.R. 2017, and urges the House to pass this common sense bill to provide businesses with regulatory relief from this unworkable rule, while continuing to ensure that consumers receive the nutri-tional information they require from their local independent supermarket. NGA urges all Representatives to vote in favor of H.R. 2017, and will consider this a ‘‘key vote’’ for our scorecard for the 114th Congress. Sincerely, G
REGFERRARA , Senior Vice President, Government Rela-tions and Public Af-fairs, National Gro-cers Association. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Illinois is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment of-fered today by Representatives M
CMORRIS RODGERS and C A´RDENAS . This amendment would further under-mine consumer confidence in the nutri-tion information they receive from res-taurants and retail food establish-ments. One could call it flexibility, which actually the current legislation provides; and others, including me, would call it adding confusion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.024 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH798 February 12, 2016 
Under the Federal menu labeling law, restaurants and retail food establish-ments are supposed to have a reason-able basis for determining calorie and nutrition information for their menu items. This can be done using a nutri-ent database, such as USDA’s National Nutrient Database, cookbooks, recipes, nutrition fact labels, or FDA’s nutrient values, among others. Again, the FDA is allowing significant flexibility, as it is, in how establishments determine this information. What is most impor-tant to the agency is that this informa-tion is accurate and consistent. Some stakeholders have raised con-cerns about changes to the nutrition information based on an employee being too heavyhanded with one ingre-dient, like pickles, or perhaps not fol-lowing the recipe appropriately. We can all understand that in cooking, this type of flexibility is needed. FDA’s guidance addresses the question of how closely standard menu items must match the nutrient values, advising that an establishment ‘‘must take rea-sonable steps to ensure that how you prepare your product . . . and how you serve your product are the same as those used to determine the calorie and nutrient declarations.’’ The McMorris Rodgers-Ca´rdenas amendment further undermines the ‘‘reasonable basis’’ standard outlined in H.R. 2017 and in FDA’s final rule by permitting any type of variation for any reason from the nutrient content disclosed to the actual nutrient con-tent in the standard menu item. Under this amendment, a restaurant would be able to change their recipe or how they prepare the food or swap out one ingre-dient for another and not have to change the nutrient information they disclose to account for these vari-ations. This amendment would also allow for further inconsistencies from restaurant to restaurant or grocery store to gro-cery store, as what might be a permis-sible variation to one restaurant or one grocery store may not be permissible to others, again, potentially creating an uneven playing field among the in-dustry. It is also important to note that this amendment is inconsistent with re-quirements for food labeling under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. This law requires that food labeling be truthful and not misleading. If nutri-ent content disclosures can vary for any reason to any extent, it would un-dermine such requirement in the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, a requirement that the food industry has long had to meet. As we have said all along, for calorie and nutrition information to be valu-able to consumers, it must be accurate and it must be consistent. If consumers have no reason to believe that what is disclosed by a restaurant is accurate, then the disclosure of nutrient infor-mation is rendered meaningless. I believe FDA’s guidance has pro-vided a great deal of flexibility for how nutrient content should be disclosed, and I know the agency is committed to working with covered establishments to meet the requirement of providing accurate, consistent nutrition informa-tion in a way that is feasible for the es-tablishment. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Illinois has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, just to clarify, we are not getting rid of the ‘‘reasonable basis’’ definition, and it does not allow for any variation. What it says is, where there is inadvertent human error, there would not be criminal penalties at-tached to that. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, let me make a point. The fact has been men-tioned that people can go online and they can find their information in that way. Forty-nine percent of orders are placed from in-store menus. Food es-tablishments can bury anything online. Not everyone has access to that kind of information. All of the studies have de-termined that you make your choice at the point of purchase. I want to make one other comment because the National Restaurant Asso-ciation has been talked about here this morning. Let me just quote to you Scott DeFife, executive vice president of the National Restaurant Associa-tion, who praised the menu labeling law when the two of us stood to intro-duce this legislation 6 years ago. He said why it was a good thing to do and why he praised it and why the National Restaurant Association was foursquare for it: ‘‘It sets a clear national stand-ard across the country.’’ They were opposed to this bill. They have been all along. God only knows what happened in the last 24 or 48 hours to have the National Restaurant Association, which we stood shoulder to shoulder as we passed this unbeliev-ably record-breaking bill in order to allow people to know what they are eating, make their own choice, and to know the calorie content of food, standard-sized menus. The variations are not there. So much misinformation is being peddled on this floor today about what was a bill to protect the American pub-lic. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington will be postponed. The Chair understands amendment No. 2 will not be offered. AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–421. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
On page 3, line 24, insert ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon. Strike page 4, lines 13 through 22. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 611, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, though I support efforts to clarify rules as they apply to consumers and small business, this bill, as currently con-structed, creates an inequity in the in-dustry by creating an exception for many menu labeling rules for certain establishments, particularly chain pizza shops and other restaurants that could potentially serve a majority of their customers via remote ordering. While I have nothing against these businesses, I believe all restaurants should be treated equally. My amend-ment merely ensures that the rules are applied fairly by removing this exemp-tion from the bill. Under the terms of the bill, most chain restaurants will be required to list calories on menus at the point of purchase. However, pizza chains and other establishments where most or-ders could be placed off-site, will gain an exemption from this rule. They will not be required to list calories in their brick-and-mortar locations, even when orders are placed on-site. This is an in-equitable and unfair exemption. While the vast majority of large chain res-taurants will be required to list the calories in their physical location, these folks will not. In addition to being unfair to busi-nesses, it is also confusing to the con-sumers, whom we are actually trying to protect with this current bill. They will see calorie information when they place an order at one restaurant but not necessarily at their local pizza shop. Opponents of the FDA rule argue the provision is necessary because pizza restaurants offer many menu items and will not be able to comply with the rule. This is simply not true. The FDA rule already allows some variation within menu labels and serving param-eters. Generally, I agree that one size does not fit all when it comes to rule-making for businesses, but not in this case. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.025 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H799 February 12, 2016 
The National Restaurant Association has indicated that most of their mem-bers are preparing to comply with the menu labeling rules. By all means, the FDA should assist these restaurants with proper guidance, but specifying an exemption to one segment of the indus-try is unfair, inequitable, and con-fusing to the consumer. You might hear opponents of my amendment argue the exemption al-lows pizza chains to post calorie infor-mation online rather than in their physical locations. For these Members, I have good news. If my amendment is adopted, these restaurants will still be able to offer this information online. In fact, many restaurants already do so, and those businesses should be com-mended for their transparency. Mr. Chairman, we don’t need to add unfair and confusing exemptions to the difficult menu labeling rule we already have. The FDA has indicated a willing-ness to work with all affected to pro-vide guidance and clarity to make compliance easier. This is what our businesses want and need. I ask my colleagues to join me in as-suring fairness for businesses and clar-ity for consumers. Please reject this bill—it is an unfair loophole—and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I ex-press appreciation to my colleague who offers this amendment; yet I rise in op-position because, in fact, this amend-ment undermines a key provision of the Common Sense—I will repeat that—the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act, which is a bipartisan bill that makes necessary changes to the FDA’s menu labeling regulations. If, indeed, as has been stated, the FDA is willing to work and be flexible, we wouldn’t need this legislation. It is because they have shown no real flexi-bility that this legislation has been of-fered. Currently, FDA’s menu labeling rules remain costly, ineffective, and overly burdensome for more than 70,000 res-taurants. That is no small number, Mr. Chairman. For places like pizza shops, where the vast majority of orders are online—and, yes, they are providing a service, in most cases, online for their customers—they are voluntarily doing it and really doing it in a quality way. It is nearly impossible for a single menu board to be designed in a way that can provide accurate calorie counts for literally millions of com-binations. The FDA sadly ignores the realities of a diverse market and the techno-logical advances, innovation, cre-ativity, et cetera, by applying the same menu standard as a one-size-fits-all, top-down approach, and that is the re-ality that is out there with the FDA. If the House accepts this amendment which strips the remote ordering provi-sion from the bill, it would greatly harm a bill that seeks to provide an al-ternative method for thousands of small businesses to effectively share nutritional information with con-sumers. b1100 The FDA menu requirements simply do not make sense neither for the res-taurant nor for consumers. I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment, however well meaning, and support the underlying bipartisan bill that protects small businesses from overbearing FDA regulations that harm workers, job creators, consumers, and our economy. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. The gentleman from Michigan has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ), the ranking member. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chair, there were so many falsehoods, really, in what my colleague across the aisle said. We have evidence in California, the city of New York, and Vermont that absolutely restaurants can com-ply. It is not about small businesses, about 20 or more establishments with the same name. This idea of 50 percent online, this is not the vast majority of their informa-tion online. It is 50 percent. We already know that 49 percent of orders at these establishments are done in person. What about those people who come in? Are they not entitled to the same thing that is in other restaurants? Mr. Chair, I support the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chair, I will re-spond just briefly to that. It is truly about making this information mean-ingful. I watch my wife go online on her iPhone to check calories all the time. She does it better than I do. But consumers are moving in that direc-tion. I have walked through various indus-tries, including Domino’s, and have seen the amazing technological ad-vances that they have that are putting their consumers first and giving them the ability to know this in a far more meaningful way than you can do on a menu board. So I reject that argument, absolutely, in defense of the consumer as well as the industry. Mr. Chair, again, I appreciate the concern that my colleague expresses here; yet, I still stand in very strong support of giving this opportunity, making sure that FDA is pushed into a flexibility that I don’t believe they are willing to go. This is for the consumer in the end. This allows advances to move within the market. I think we will find that all concerns are met and addressed very well, but we don’t put unnecessary burdens upon businesses, job providers, and, ulti-mately, on the choice of citizens to have a better opportunity to make bet-ter choices. And, oh, by the way, we re-affirm in our country the desire to give people personal responsibility and per-sonal choice together. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman from Michi-gan’s discussion. I want to assure him and everyone out there that the online ordering is still allowed under my amendment so that those people who have technology can do so. But for seniors and some of our less- advantaged folks at home, they can go to the store and also get that informa-tion, which is not allowed under this current bill, but would be allowed under my amendment. To the argument that there are too many combinations to be accounted for, the FDA does allow for flexibility in listing calories for menu items so they are accessible in different res-taurant types. Pizza shops in locations like New York and Montgomery Coun-ty, Maryland, already are complying with rules very similar to these. Other restaurants have indicated a willingness to comply, including a na-tional chain that sells coffee, dough-nuts, and ice cream: Dunkin’ Donuts, Baskin-Robbins. They serve 15,000 dif-ferent ways of coffee, sandwiches 3,000 different ways, ice cream sundaes 80,000 different ways. They can comply under my amendment. Why can’t everyone else? The NRA itself, the National Res-taurant Association, says it is critical that all businesses that have made the strategic decision to sell restaurant food play by the same rules. Furthermore, they talk about that such provisions create inconsistent and erratic labeling by putting in these ex-emptions not only among restaurants, but among restaurants, food service op-erators, grocery stores, convenience stores, et cetera. My amendment removes this unfair exemption. Very simple. Government should not be in the business of picking winners and losers in private enter-prise. The same rules should apply to everybody. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.027 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH800 February 12, 2016 
now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–421 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mrs. M
CMORRIS  R
ODGERS of Washington. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. S
CHRADER  of Oregon. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MRS . MCMORRIS  
RODGERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 309, noes 100, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 79] AYES—309 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—100 
Bass Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Capps Capuano Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Maloney, Carolyn McCollum McDermott McGovern Nadler Napolitano Neal Payne Pelosi Pingree Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Serrano Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—23 
Amodei Bonamici Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cohen DeSantis Fincher Grijalva Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Lieu, Ted Moore Pallone Pocan Ribble Smith (WA) Stivers Stutzman Wasserman Schultz Westmoreland Zinke b1128 Mr. VISCLOSKY, Ms. GABBARD, and Mr. HASTINGS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. TONKO, MASSIE, LIPINSKI, BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico, JOYCE, Mrs. BEATTY, Messrs. THOMPSON of California, CLYBURN, and RICHMOND changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRA -
DER) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 148, noes 258, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 80] AYES—148 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Speier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.029 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H801 February 12, 2016 
Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
NOES—258 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Levin LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Yarmuth NOT VOTING—26 
Amodei Bonamici Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cohen Fincher Franks (AZ) Grijalva Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Lieu, Ted Moore Pallone Pocan Rokita Smith (WA) Stivers Stutzman Turner Walker Wasserman Schultz Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1132 Mr. NORCROSS changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to correct my vote from earlier today on rollcall 80, which was the Schrader amendment to H.R. 2017. While my vote was recorded as a ‘‘nay’’ it was my intention to vote ‘‘yea.’’ The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 2017) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclo-sure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A, and, pur-suant to House Resolution 611, he re-ported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Com-mittee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on the amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on passage of H.R. 2017 will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 757. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 266, nays 144, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 22, as follows: [Roll No. 81] YEAS—266 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Takai Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.013 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH802 February 12, 2016 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—144 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—22 
Amodei Bonamici Brady (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cohen Fincher Grijalva Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Lieu, Ted Moore Pallone Pocan Smith (WA) Stivers Stutzman Wasserman Schultz Westmoreland Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1141 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 757) to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 408, nays 2, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 82] YEAS—408 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—23 
Amodei Bonamici Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cohen Fincher Grijalva Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Lieu, Ted Moore Pallone Pocan Smith (WA) Stivers Stutzman Tipton Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Westmoreland Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1149 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, February 9; Wednesday, February 10; Thursday, February 11; and Friday, Feb-ruary 12, 2016, I was on medical leave while recovering from hip replacement surgery and unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 64 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3036, as amended). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.010 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H803 February 12, 2016 
‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 65 (on ordering the previous question on H. Res. 609). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 66 (on agreeing to the resolu-tion H. Res. 609). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 67 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4470, as amended). ‘‘Yes’’ on roll-call vote No. 68 (on agreeing to the Eddie Bernice Johnson Amendment to H.R. 3293). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 69 (on the motion to recommit H.R. 3293, with instructions). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 70 (on passage of H.R. 3293). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 71 (on agree-ing to the Kelly of Illinois Amendment to H.R. 3442). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 72 (on agree-ing to the Duffy Amendment to H.R. 3442). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 73 (on agreeing to the Grijalva Amendment to H.R. 3442). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 74 (on agreeing to the Takano Amendment to H.R. 3442). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 75 (on the motion to recommit H.R. 3442, with instructions). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 76 (on passage of H.R. 3442). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 77 (on ordering the pre-vious question on H. Res. 611). ‘‘No’’ on roll-call vote No. 78 (on agreeing to the resolution H. Res. 611). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 79 (on agreeing to the McMorris Rodgers Amend-ment to H.R. 2017). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 80 (on agreeing to the Schrader Amendment to H.R. 2017). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 81 (on passage of H.R. 2017). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 82 (on the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 757). 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 79 on the McMorris Rodgers Amendment to H.R. 2017—Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 80 on the Schrader Amendment to H.R. 2017—Common Sense Nutrition Disclo-sure Act. I am not recorded because I was ab-sent due to the birth of my son in San Anto-nio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘aye’’. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 81 on the Final Passage of H.R. 2017—Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘nay’’. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 82 on Concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 757—North Korea Sanc-tions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘aye’’. 
f 
FLIGHT 3407 ANNIVERSARY (Mr. COLLINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the 50 men and women and the 1 unborn child who died 7 years ago today in the crash of Continental Flight 3407. As Erie County Executive, I was in charge of the emergency response and one of the first people on the scene. The plane crashed less than a mile from my house. I will never forget what I saw and the grief of the families who lost loved ones that fateful night. Over the past 7 years, Flight 3407 families have been relentless in the fight to achieve one level of aviation safety for all airline carriers, from new training standards to guidelines that prevent pilot fatigue. On this seventh anniversary, we re-member those who died that night and reinforce our commitment to ensure the safety measures these families have fought so hard to enact will stay in place. f 
POVERTY AND THE BUDGET (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the Demo-cratic Whip Task Force on Poverty, In-come Inequality, and Opportunity was launched to bring to the forefront of Congress’ attention the everyday chal-lenges of Americans living in poverty. On Tuesday, the President sent us a budget that invests in meeting our greatest challenges: creating oppor-tunity for all, an objective that all of us I think are committed to. The budget expands Pell grants to make college more affordable and sup-ports more apprenticeships and skills training so that young people and oth-ers can make it in America. It doubles investment in clean energy and R&D to attract more jobs while tackling cli-mate change. The President’s budget expands ac-cess to quality child care and paid leave for working parents and provides children from low-income families healthy meals over the summer months when they are out of school, but are still eating, of course. It makes it easier to save for a retirement and provides a better backstop for when economic circumstances push careers off track. Now, Mr. Speaker, it is up to Con-gress to craft a budget. I hope Repub-licans will work with us to provide the opportunities necessary to escape pov-erty, as Speaker R
YANsays we ought to do. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair-woman, B
ARBARA LEE, and her mem-bers of the task force for undertaking and focusing on this important effort. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SECRETARY MICHAEL LUMPKIN (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to recognize the accomplishments of Michael Lumpkin, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Spe-cial Operations/Low-Intensity Conflict, and congratulate him on his new posi-tion as director of the newly estab-lished Global Engagement Center at the Department of State. A decorated Navy SEAL, Secretary Lumpkin has quickly distinguished himself at the Pentagon as a senior ad-viser to the Secretary of Defense on all matters related to Special Operations Forces. He has also worked to develop special operations forces partnerships with for-eign nations to sustain and improve global counter-terrorism operations. His engagement on this issue will en-sure that Special Operations Forces re-main an effective component of defense strategy. Secretary Lumpkin has also en-hanced efforts to counter narcotics, il-licit trafficking, and transnational or-ganized crime. He has been instru-mental in guiding counter-narcotics and counterinsurgency operations suc-cessfully in the Republic of Colombia. I know his expertise will be greatly missed at the Department of Defense. I look forward to seeing his accomplish-ments in his new role at the Depart-ment of State. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose a Republican bill that was introduced yesterday that would let States use drug testing to deter-mine low-income Americans’ eligibility to receive food assistance through SNAP, the Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program. This is nothing more than an at-tempt to demonize poor people and has no basis in reality. Similar laws in Florida and Georgia were struck down as unconstitutional and only waste thousands of taxpayer dollars to identify very few drug users. In fact, those receiving public assist-ance actually test positive at a lower rate than the general population. Why aren’t my Republican colleagues calling for drug testing for wealthy CEOs and oil company executives who receive taxpayer subsidies? Why is it that they always pick on poor people? It is a lousy thing to do. SNAP is intended to help people put food on the table when they are strug-gling to find work, when their current job is not paying enough, or simply when they have fallen on hard times. We should be talking about improv-ing the SNAP benefit so that families can afford more nutritious food, not creating more insulting hoops for vul-nerable families to have to jump through. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO RONALD JASON ADAMS (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.015 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH804 February 12, 2016 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sadness to honor the life and bravery of one of Arkansas’ finest citizens, Ronald Jason Adams. On Friday, January 22, Mr. Adams, a lieutenant at the Sherwood Fire De-partment with 5 years of experience, was shot and killed while responding to an emergency medical call in North Little Rock, Arkansas. He was just 29 years old. I was honored to attend a flashlight vigil for Jason on January 25 and was moved by the turnout from our entire community to honor his life. Every time we lose one of our first responders, our community experiences a little fray or tear in our beautifully crafted quilt of our towns. Our first responders in Arkansas and throughout the country deserve our gratitude and our respect. Lieutenant Adams’ death is a tragic reminder of the dangers these brave men and women face every day. I extend my warmest regards and prayers to his loved ones. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, this Black History Month, as we celebrate and honor those who shaped American history, we cannot afford to lose sight of the present and our future. It was only five decades ago that men and women in every corner of this country concluded their patient, per-sistent, and peaceful march to the vot-ing booth, gaining an equal voice in this country. You don’t have to leave this Chamber to see firsthand the scars that this march left behind. For so many, in-cluding some of our colleagues, the memories of being denied that sacred right to vote have never and will never fade. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, some of those similar memories are now form-ing again for a new generation of Americans. Respectfully, Mr. Speaker, I ask you to bring the Voting Rights Amendment Act to the floor immediately. Our Na-tion deserves a vote on this important legislation. 
f 
b1200 CONGRATULATING COLONEL SANDY BEST (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Colonel Sandy Best, who will become the very first fe-male general in the Minnesota Na-tional Guard, first in history with her promotion to Brigadier General next week. Best will command the Air National Guard units in Minnesota, including the 133rd Airlift Wing at the Min-neapolis-St. Paul International Airport and the 148th Fighter Wing in Duluth. Colonel Best has served admirably as Director of Strategic Relations and also as Director of Government Rela-tions for the Minnesota National Guard and her promotion is well deserved. Colonel Best will continue to play a critical role in helping to keep our country safe and secure, and will act as a leader to our military men and women in Minnesota. Not only that, but this historic event is a welcome precedent for our other Minnesota National Guard members, as I am sure many other women will rise in ranks following in her footsteps. I look forward to working with Colo-nel Best—now General Best in the fu-ture—as she continues to make Min-nesota Air National Guard among the best in the country. f 
CONGRATULATING THE DENVER BRONCOS ON THEIR SUPER BOWL 50 VICTORY (Mr. PERLMUTTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Denver Broncos on winning the 50th Super Bowl. We have proposed House Resolution 614—the Colorado delegation—to con-gratulate our team. It is their third Super Bowl victory. It is the culmina-tion of a 12 wins and 4 losses season. The State of Colorado, the city of Denver, and the Rocky Mountain West are extremely proud of the talented players, coaches, and key personnel. I want to thank General Manager John Elway, CEO Joe Ellis, and the entire Broncos’ front office, who spent the off season building a Super Bowl winner. Head Coach Gary Kubiak, Coordina-tors Wade Phillips and Rick Dennison, and his staff had great game plans. The Broncos, through their owners, the Bowlen family, have been a key to the success of Denver and that team, and we want to thank them very much. I know I speak for everybody in the House of Representatives when I say ‘‘Go Broncos!’’ 
f 
MARYLAND SHERIFF DEPUTIES: PATRICK DAILEY AND MARK LOGSDON (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, five police officers in the United States this week have been gunned down: one in North Dakota, one in Georgia, one in Colorado, and two in Maryland. I am going to talk about the two in Mary-land. On February 10, on a bitter winter day, two sheriff’s deputies were called to a disturbance at a shopping center in Abingdon, Maryland. As the deputies were attempting to speak with a dis-ruptive individual, he held a gun to 52- year-old Deputy Patrick Dailey’s head and fired, killing him. Deputy Mark Logsdon pursued the assassin, but Logsdon was also killed by the criminal’s gunfire during this chase. Later, the outlaw was shot and killed. Dailey was a life member of the Joppa-Magnolia Volunteer Fire Com-pany and spent 30 years defending the public as a sheriff’s deputy. He was a hero to his two now fatherless children. Forty-three-year-old Deputy Mark Logsdon was a 16-year veteran of the force, leaving behind three children and a wife. Both men had been honored for valor during their careers of protecting and serving the community. Patrick and Mark’s lives were coldly and mali-ciously stolen, ripped away from this world and their families. These men behind the badge are a special breed, a rare breed. They work selflessly, maintaining and restoring order in our neighborhoods. They are the best of our Nation. They protect us from evil, cold, calculated criminals who wish to do harm to the rest of us. Mr. Speaker, we mourn the passing of these two lawmen who are cut above the rest of us. And that is just the way it is. f 
PRESIDENT’S BUDGET, CANCER MOONSHOT (Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Moonshot to end cancer, a historic investment in research in President Obama’s budget proposal. For years, the burden of cancer has affected everyone in our Nation. Each and every day, in communities, neigh-borhoods, and families everywhere, in-cluding my own, ordinary Americans and their loved ones are affected by cancer. As co-chair of the House Cancer Cau-cus, I stand in solidarity with all pa-tients, and with those involved in their care and their support. The progress made in the last decade in reducing cancer mortality is a testa-ment to the great potential of our sci-entific community, but far too many have been left behind. That is why, with great hope, I urge my colleagues to support funding for the Cancer Moonshot. We need to allow our scientific community to build on the strides they have made so far through comprehensive, multifaceted approaches to making real progress. By funding the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Admin-istration so that they may work in synergy, we will utilize all of the tools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.039 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H805 February 12, 2016 
in our arsenal to save lives across America. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 487. An act to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands. 
The message also announced that the Senate has agreed to a concurrent reso-lution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is re-quested: 
S. Con. Res. 31. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for a conditional adjournment or re-cess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives. f 
HONORING ROGER M. SCHRIMP (Mr. DENHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor the life of a very good and personal friend, Roger Schrimp, who died unexpectedly on Wednesday, February 10, 2016. Roger and his wife Delsie live in Oakdale, California, in my district. Roger has been a shareholder and a partner in the firm Damrell, Nelson, Schrimp, Pallios, Pacher, & Silva. Roger is most known for being very passionate, not only about his practice, but in addressing many different areas within our community. Within his practice, he addressed cases before the U.S. Supreme Court, U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the Ninth Circuit, U.S. Dis-trict Court, and the U.S. Tax Court of Claims. In addition, he has gone before several State and local agencies. Roger was also an active leader in many different local, State, and na-tional organizations. Since 1976, he was a member of the elite group out of Santa Barbara, California, the Ran-cheros Visitadores. He was appointed in 1996 by Governor Wilson. Roger served a 6-year term on the Board of Governors of the California Commu-nity Colleges. He also served on the Ex-ecutive Board of the California State Parks Foundation. Ever since joining the Boy Scouts of America in 1948, Roger has been dedi-cated to the organization throughout the years. The Eagle Scout has held a variety of voluntary positions within the group, including serving on the Na-tional Executive Board. From 2007 to 2015, Roger was named one of the top attorneys in Northern California by the Northern California Super Lawyers Magazine. Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-oring and recognizing my good friend, Roger Schrimp, who will be missed by many. God bless him always. TEXAS SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to tell the story of Texas South-ern University. It started out in Hous-ton, Texas, in the early 1920s to edu-cate then, of course, the colored or Negro population, and they have grown into the 21st century. In the 1940s, they were expanded be-cause a young man by the name of Heman Sweatt attempted to attend the University of Texas School of Law and he was prohibited, he was prevented. So by a court, the law school was es-tablished which is now named Thurgood Marshall. I really rise to say that this school is a Texas asset, and yet the State of Texas publicly has underfunded this university. In 2000, I helped settle a de-segregation lawsuit of which that school had sued because it was dis-criminated against. Sadly, I rise today to ask for another investigation by the Department of Education, Civil Rights Division, be-cause the State of Texas is now again discriminating against the students and faculty of Texas Southern Univer-sity by not funding them equally with other majority-based institutions. It is sad to rise today to say that. But in that school, Barbara Jordan graduated, our colleague; Mickey Leland grad-uated. Of course, Barbara Jordan was a colleague. Many outstanding scientists and doctors. Stop discriminating against Texas Southern University. We need to inves-tigate it again to make this school whole. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BEACON PLACE COMMUNITY CENTER IN WAU-KEGAN (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the Beacon Place Commu-nity Center in Waukegan and Execu-tive Director Barb Koracic. Beacon Place focuses on the power of neighbors helping neighbors by offering a variety of services to the community. They recently received a grant from the Community Purse, which will help them expand neighborhood cooking classes, improve technology for after- school tutoring programs, and obtain fresh produce for children in the sum-mer. I visited Beacon Place in July and was inspired by the educational activi-ties offered for the children. These pro-grams help children sustain their math and reading skills throughout the sum-mer. I had a great time participating in the learning by reading and painting with some of these children, and I saw firsthand the benefit that these re-sources will have in the Waukegan community. Beacon Place is truly a much-needed and inspiring program, which is why I am honored to be able to recognize them today. f 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Black History Month and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, which was founded 107 years ago today. Black History Month is an oppor-tunity for Americans to reflect on the contributions of the African American community to this country, on the in-justices that they have endured through American history, and how far we have gone and still need to go to end discrimination and racism in America. This past weekend, I attended the Or-ange County Heritage Council’s 36th Annual Orange County Black History Month Parade and Cultural Fair. I was honored to meet a lot of veterans there, including Mr. Warren Bussey, a World War II hero, and, at 103 years old, the oldest African American living in Orange County today. Mr. Bussey and others like him are a testament to the enduring legacy of Af-rican American commitment to the military service. They went, yet they came back, and there were no civil rights for them. This month we honor their contribu-tion. 
f 
ANIMAL SHELTER (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join the ASPCA in cele-bration of their event Paws for Love, and bring attention to the importance of animal shelters throughout our country. Paws for Love is an annual event, hosted by the ASPCA, as well as many local animal shelters here in Wash-ington, D.C., featuring adoptable pets, along with providing information about adoption. As a proud parent of an adopted pitbull of my own and co-chair of the Congressional Animal Protection Cau-cus, I know firsthand the value that local animal shelters offer and how they offer a second chance and loving homes to animals in need. As we have seen through natural re-cent disasters, animal shelters were placed in difficult situations when fam-ilies evacuated and were forced to sepa-rate from their pets. These shelters need our help. Ensuring adequate funding for these programs is incredibly important. I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.040 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH806 February 12, 2016 
proud to be an outspoken advocate for animal welfare. I look forward to work-ing with my colleagues on these issues in the future. 
f 
b1215 AMERICA’S RULE BOOK: THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, we have got our Presidential primary coming up in Georgia in the first week of March, and everybody is talking about what it means to be an American and where it is we want America to go. I love that conversation. I love that it is happening on the Democratic side of the aisle. I love that it is happening on the Republican side of the aisle. I love that it is happening in every household in America. What I don’t hear as much conversa-tion about—and I wish that I did—is about that rule book for how America is supposed to be run, called the United States Constitution. Folks seem to have a firm grasp on it when they want to be the President of the United States. They lose that grasp when they get to be President of the United States, because they want to serve. They so badly want to serve. What I have here, Mr. Speaker, are a couple of quotes from President Obama. He says: 
I taught constitutional law for 10 years, and I take the Constitution very seriously. The biggest problems that we are facing right now have to do with George Bush’s try-ing to bring more and more power into the executive branch and not go through Con-gress at all; and that is what I intend to re-verse when I am President of the United States of America. 
Now, that was at a Pennsylvania townhall meeting, Mr. Speaker, when the President was running for office. As a Senator, he could see clearly that, in article I, the House and the Senate were in charge of passing the laws, and that, in article II, the White House was in charge of enforcing the laws. During the 8 years that George Bush was President, time and time again, charges were made that the White House was taking the people’s power from article I and carrying it down Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House. Again, I quote from President Obama: 
I taught the Constitution for 10 years. I be-lieve in the Constitution, and I will obey the Constitution of the United States. We are not going to use signing statements as a way of doing an end run around Congress. 
That was at a Montana campaign event back in 2008. The President was absolutely right, and Republicans in this institution were absolutely wrong, during his 8 years in the White House, for not hold-ing George Bush more accountable to his article II responsibilities and stay-ing out of Congress’ article I respon-sibilities; but it was hard, Mr. Speaker. It was after 9/11. I will forever wonder what America would have looked like but for that fateful day. The President was off, fo-cusing on his agenda. We were not cam-paigning on 9/11 issues in that election. We were campaigning on domestic issues, on economic issues. The econ-omy was on fire, and then everything changed. I would argue that many of my Re-publican colleagues—you and I were not here at that time, Mr. Speaker— cut President Bush a lot of slack. America was in crisis, and the Nation was under attack; and we said: Do you know what? The Constitution does give the President special responsibilities during these times of national crisis, and I am willing to allow him to adopt a little more authority—I am willing to be a little more deferential—to the President during these difficult times. President Obama saw that as then- Senator Obama, and he said: That is wrong. Republicans are not supposed to be Republicans first. Republicans in Congress are supposed to be Congress-men first. Republicans in the Senate are supposed to be Senators first. Our obligation first is to our constituents back home, to the United States Con-stitution, not to someone who may or may not hold the same party title at the White House. As a candidate, the President saw that clearly, but we all know how that transpired, Mr. Speaker. As President, the President has said this: We can’t wait for an increasingly dysfunc-tional Congress to do its job. Where they won’t act, I will. 
We can’t wait for that Constitution, which was specifically designed to be slow and painful, because every act that we pass here, Mr. Speaker, takes freedom or power or money from some-one in America and gives it to someone else. It was designed to be hard; but as President Obama says: I can’t wait. Where Congress won’t act, I will. I continue to quote, Mr. Speaker, from a different speech during a Cabi-net meeting in 2014: 
But one of the things that I will be empha-sizing in this meeting is the fact that we are not just going to be sitting, waiting for legis-lation, in order to make sure that we are providing Americans with the kind of help that they need. I have got a pen and I have got a phone. I can use that pen to sign execu-tive orders and take executive actions and administrative actions that move the ball forward. 
Mr. Speaker, one of my great dis-appointments in this administration is that President Obama had an oppor-tunity to lead America in ways that no other President could have led. He had an opportunity when he was elected, with all of his personal charisma and popularity, to lead public opinion in ways that no other President could. He was not my choice for President, but when America chose him, America chose opportunity to do things that we could not have done otherwise. All we are in this Chamber is a re-flection of that public opinion back home. All we are the voices of our indi-vidual districts back home—435 voices representing millions of constituents back home. The President could have come and changed the minds of those in this Congress. He could have come and changed the minds of the people. Instead—do you know what?—he said: I have studied the Constitution for 10 years. It is really hard to move Con-gress. It is really hard to move public opinion. So I am going to use my phone and my pen, and I am going to do it alone. This isn’t just in the White House, Mr. Speaker. This idea that the peo-ple’s voice in Congress is a nuisance and gets in the way of getting the real business done permeates the entire ad-ministration. I quote from EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy: But I will tell you that I didn’t go to Wash-ington to sit around and wait for congres-sional action. I have never done that before, and I don’t plan to do it in the future. 
Forbid the thought. Forbid the thought you would be on the Federal Government’s payroll, charged with en-forcing the laws of the land, and you might sit around and wait for Congress to pass the laws of the land. Forbid the thought. If you have got a phone and if you have got a pen, just go ahead and rewrite those laws of the land, Mr. Speaker. It is dangerous when Repub-licans do that. It is dangerous when Democrats do that. It is dangerous when Independents do that. We have a Constitution as our rule book for a reason, and that is that changing the law should be hard. Tak-ing power from one group and giving it to another should be hard. Taking money from one group and giving it to another should be hard. The power is not ours, Mr. Speaker. The power is the people’s. They allow us to administer it for a short period of time, and there is a long and difficult process to do that. Mr. Speaker, I am going to focus on some EPA regulations today. In the past, Presidents have acknowledged how hard it is to get it done, but they have committed to going out there and getting it done. I will remind you, Mr. Speaker, that the EPA was created by a Republican President. There is no one who cares more about clean water and clean air in the great State of Georgia than I do. I am a hardcore, Deep South Republican, Mr. Speaker, and we play outside a lot. Our kids are outside a lot. We are drinking a lot of water, and we are playing in a lot of grass. We care about a clean environ-ment. So did President Richard Nixon when he created the EPA. He said this: 
The reorganizations which I am proposing afford both the Congress and the executive branch an opportunity to reevaluate the ade-quacy of existing programs involved in these consolidations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.042 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H807 February 12, 2016 
I look forward to working with the Con-gress in this task. Congress, the administra-tion, and the public all share a profound commitment to the rescue of our natural en-vironment and in the preservation of the Earth as a place both habitable by and hos-pitable to man. With its acceptance of these reorganization plans, the Congress will help us fulfill that commitment. 
Mr. Speaker, President Nixon had a vision of what he wanted to do for envi-ronmental protection in America. He said this is a three-part vision: it is going to involve the executive branch; it is going to involve the legis-lative branch; it is going to involve the American people. I am going to take this idea out, and I am going to sell it. We are going to get it passed into law because I am going to make the Amer-ican people believe it. We all want the same things: we want an environment that is hospitable to and habitable by man; we want an environment that serves us today and our kids and grandkids tomorrow. He went out there, and he sold America on this, and we did it together. By article I, Con-gress passed it, and the President signed it into law. With the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, Mr. Speaker, you will remem-ber it was a Democrat-controlled Con-gress and Republican George H. W. Bush in the White House. George H.W. Bush said this: 
Upon signing the Clean Air Act Amend-ments of 1990, today, I am signing S. 1630, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act, and I take great pleasure in signing S. 1630 as a dem-onstration to the American people of my de-termination that each and every American shall breathe clean air. The passage of this bill is an indication that the Congress shares my commitment to a strong Clean Air Act, to a clean environment, and to the achieve-ment of the goals I originally set forth. 
Mr. Speaker, if you will recall, at the time of the Clean Air Act of 1990, I was in college. It was a battle in Wash-ington, D.C. It was a battle. Again, the Democrats were controlling all of Con-gress, and the Republicans were in the White House, trying to decide what our obligations were as individuals, what businesses’ obligations were, and what government’s obligations would be. It was hard and it was important. Mr. Speaker, you will remember that was acid rain. That was when they panned the camera around to the monuments throughout the city and showed where the facial features were being eroded by acid rain. We said what can we do together to make a difference? It was not someone with a phone and a pen. It became a na-tional movement. It was what all laws are supposed to be, Mr. Speaker, which is where we come together and we talk about our differences; we take steps forward where we can; we take time to sort out the steps we can’t take today but hope to take tomorrow. In signing that legislation, the Presi-dent said: This represents my vision. This represents my goals. This rep-resents my commitment to clean air. Because the people’s Representatives in Congress passed it, it represents all of the American people as well. Mr. Speaker, that is the way it is supposed to be. It is hard and it is slow, and it has been a long time since we have seen that function effectively; but let me tell you what the impact of that is. The Founding Fathers were really smart folks, and I am never willing to underestimate the wisdom that is in those few founding pages. We have arti-cle I in the legislative branch. We have article II in the executive branch. We have article III in the judicial branch. In these days, where article I and arti-cle II are not functioning as they should, article III is wielding more than its fair share of the power, and I will tell you that is wrong. I will tell you that is wrong. Decisions about what is the right law of the land are made one of three ways, Mr. Speaker. They get made because the President of the United States, who was popularly elected, signs a bill into law. They get made because the United States Congress, which was popularly elected, overrides a veto and imple-ments a new law; or they get made be-cause nine men and women who are in black robes and are across the street at the Supreme Court, who have never been elected, sit around and think deeply about it and pronounce what the law of the land will be. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have great re-spect for the Supreme Court, and I be-lieve it is critical—again, in the wis-dom of our Founding Fathers—to have balanced power in that way; but as a citizen, as just a guy from the great State of Georgia—just one of 300 mil-lion—when I have to choose who writes the law—the President I have a chance to vote for, the Congress I have a chance to vote for, or the Supreme Court, which is appointed for life and is never accountable to anyone—I feel a little bit safer when it is one of the folks who has to be up for reelection every once in a while. It is bad for America when the Presi-dent—with a pen and a phone—goes and implements those things, when we as the legislative branch don’t identify ourselves as article I but identify our-selves as Republicans and Democrats— who are divided along those lines—and allow the courts to sort it out. Let me just give you an example, Mr. Speaker: WOTUS, waters of the U.S. I had never heard the term ‘‘WOTUS’’ until I showed up in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker. Waters of the United States is an initiative from the President that is going to reregulate who controls and keeps tabs on clean water in America. b1230 Currently, if it is navigable water, water that you can sail your boat on, then it is governed by the Federal Gov-ernment. If it is any other water, it is governed by State government. The little creek in the backyard at the park down the road from my house, that is governed by the great State of Georgia, and they do a great job with it. It empties out into the Chatahoochee River, which is navi-gable, which is regulated by the Fed-eral Government. It goes through some National Park land, national recre-ation area, but it begins—where so much of an opportunity to impact pol-lution and make a difference in water quality—at the headwaters, which is regulated by State governments. Well, Jim Oberstar, a Representative in this Chamber back in 2010, intro-duced a bill that said, since the Federal Government is so effective at every-thing that they do, let’s entrust all clean water decisions to the Federal Government instead of to the localities that have been doing it so well for so long. Well, he introduced a bill in Con-gress, Mr. Speaker, and that is the way it is supposed to start. This was H.R. 5088. He introduced a bill to expand the definition of water so that the Federal Government could regulate everything. Second step, Mr. Speaker, is to have that bill considered. Well, the bill never was considered in this Chamber. It could not gather enough support in this Chamber to even be considered in the committee, much less the floor of this House. Well, you have seen it, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘Yes, I’m only a bill, And I’m sitting here on Capitol Hill. Well, it’s a long, long journey to the Capital City. It’s a long, long wait while I’m sitting in committee . . .’’ That is ‘‘Schoolhouse Rock,’’ a tale of how a bill becomes a law. If you can’t get consideration, it expires. Well, the President wanted this regu-lation, and he couldn’t get the support in Congress to pass it. He didn’t want to go out and sell it to the American people, so he went to the Federal Reg-ister, Mr. Speaker. Most folks don’t even know the Federal Register exists. It comes out every day. It is a list of all the regulations that the adminis-tration is proposing, and it is thick. Every day, it is thick. It is new restric-tions on private life in America. In April 2014, the President went out and published this rule and said: This is what I am going to do. Congress hasn’t authorized it. It is a dramatic departure from the way America has been governed for the last 200 years, but I have a pen and phone, and I am just going to do it. Mr. Speaker, if he wanted to do it, he should have come and sold Congress. If he wanted to do it, he should have gone and sold the American people, but he didn’t. He published it in an obscure publication, and, a year later, he an-nounced new rules that would govern all activity affecting water in the United States of America. Not one con-gressional bill had passed authorizing such an action. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the opposite had happened. Congress saw what was going on. Congress saw that the Presi-dent was way outside of his authority. Congress saw that he was way outside of the mandate given to him by the people, and Congress passed legislation to block those rules. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.043 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH808 February 12, 2016 
Now, hear that, Mr. Speaker. The President had legislation introduced to implement the rules. It never even got out of committee because folks op-posed it. Then he went around Con-gress, tried to do it on his own. Con-gress passed a new measure that said: Mr. President, that is wrong. Don’t do it. So Congress—it is not that we failed to act—we acted affirmatively and said: Mr. President, that is not okay. It passed the House, Mr. Speaker. It passed the Senate. It went to the Presi-dent’s desk, where he vetoed it. Under-stand that. The President is outside of his con-stitutional role. Congress calls him on it, passes it by both Houses—which is rare, these days, as you know. The President, armed with the knowledge that the American people are against him on this issue, vetoes that measure. It took him exactly 24 hours to think through that, Mr. Speaker. Hear that. He knew Congress rejected the meas-ure because he couldn’t get it out of committee. He implemented it by going around Congress, doing it en-tirely through the administrative branch, which we all know from Con-stitution 101 is not the way laws get made. Congress affirmatively passes a law that says: You cannot do that, Mr. President; that is outside of your bounds. It takes him 24 hours to think about that before he stamps it with a veto stamp and sends it away. So what do you do, Mr. Speaker? What do you do? What do you do when you represent 300 million Americans, you have a democratic process here on the floor of the House, everybody’s voice is heard, you duly pass measures, and the President says: No, I am not concerned about that? You go to court. You go to court. Mr. Speaker, I hate going to court. I hate it. We are the Congress of the United States. We are article I for a reason. This is where the power was supposed to reside, distributed among all of us across this country. I hate going to the court to solve problems between the White House and the President. We ought to be able to solve those on our own, but we haven’t been able to. We haven’t been able to start that dialogue. So what do we do? We go to the court. Here is what the court says about this waters of the U.S. rule. I am quoting from their opinion: ‘‘Even so, a review of what has been made available reveals a process that is inexplicable, arbitrary, and devoid of a reasoned process.’’ They are not talking about what hap-pened in Congress, Mr. Speaker. We did everything by the book. The court is talking about what happened at the White House and at the EPA, this ad-ministrative process that tried to craft a brand-new regulatory regime to re-regulate all water in the United States of America: our review ‘‘reveals a proc-ess that is inexplicable, arbitrary, and devoid of a reasoned process.’’ Quoting from another section of the decision, Mr. Speaker: 
It appears likely that the EPA has violated its congressional grant of authority in its promulgation of the rule at issue, and it ap-pears likely the EPA failed to comply with the EPA requirements when promulgating the rule. 
That is the requirement that we have some public input on the rule. So not only did we violate our authority to begin with, but even if the EPA had had authority, the court says it should have invited more public input, which it did not. Reading, finally, from that decision, Mr. Speaker: 
A far broader segment of the public would benefit from the preliminary injunction be-cause it would ensure that Federal agencies do not extend their power beyond the express delegation from Congress. 
The court said: No, Mr. President, no. You do not have this authority. Con-gress makes the law. The answer is ‘‘no.’’ So just a recap, Mr. Speaker: a bill was brought in this Congress to imple-ment these rules. It never made it out of committee because folks didn’t like it. The President did it unilaterally, and Congress responded by passing a bill out of both Chambers and sending it to the President’s desk, saying: Don’t do that; that is wrong. The President vetoes it. America sues, and the court says: You can’t do that; that is wrong. You are exceeding your grant of authority under the law. You would think that after all of that, Mr. Speaker, the White House might say: Well, I don’t know how we got it wrong, but we got it wrong. Let’s go back to the drawing board. Not so. The White House continues to march on in this direction. Mr. Speaker, it sounds like inside baseball. It sounds like this is just that standard quibbling—Republicans- Democrats-Washington, D.C., dysfunc-tion. That is not so. We are talking about water. We are talking about every spigot in America, Mr. Speaker. Let me tell you what folks have said in Georgia. This is our attorney gen-eral, Sam Olens. He is commenting after the court has prevented the im-plementation of these waters of the U.S. rules. He says: 
I am pleased the Sixth Circuit has granted a nationwide stay on the burdensome waters of the United States rule. Under this illegal rule, Georgia families, farmers, and busi-nesses would be subject to excessive and in-trusive Federal regulation. As the Federal Government continues to issue massive and unconstitutional executive directives at an alarming rate, I remain steadfast in my com-mitment to protect and defend the interest of Georgians. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t know how it is in your home State. In my home State, the attorney general is elected by the people. He is not named by the Gov-ernor. This is the popularly elected representative for constitutional issues in the State of Georgia talking about Washington, D.C., and the White House, talking about illegal rules, un-constitutional executive directions coming out at an alarming rate. Again, these are regulations that have traditionally been controlled at the local level. I promise you—I prom-ise you, Mr. Speaker—there is not a man or woman in this city who cares more about the streams outside of my home than I do; there is not a man or woman in this city who cares more about the water in my district than I do; and there is not a man or woman in this city that knows better about how to protect that order than the men and women in local government back home. This is from the Association County Commissioners in Georgia, Mr. Speak-er: We feel that this rule has great potential to increase counties’ risk of litigation and unnecessary delays and confusion and cause disincentive for adequately constructed and maintained drainage ditches. 
This is where it has come, Mr. Speak-er. In the massive power grab that is the waters of the U.S. rule, trying to grab everything and carry it to Wash-ington, D.C., I have county commis-sioners writing to say this goes even to the drainage ditches in our area, which we are in charge of keeping clean, which we are in charge of water qual-ity. We are involved in sediment con-trol. It will also divert critical county re-sources—those being taxpayer re-sources—from other critical local gov-ernment services and federally man-dated Clean Water Act responsibilities at a time when our budgets are already under great duress. Hear that. There are already Federal mandates on coun-ties for a variety of other issues. They are handling it all, even in these tough budget times, and they are saying not only are these new regulations going to drain taxpayer resources that would have been going to clean water, but the litigation is going to drain them be-cause we are going to sue and we are not going to allow you to do these un-constitutional things. This is the Georgia Chamber of Com-merce, Mr. Speaker: 
As such, the chamber opposes recent at-tempts by the Obama administration to cir-cumvent the role of Congress in the regula-tion and management of the Nation’s water resources, as well as that of the States. In addition, the chamber believes the proposed rules would violate private property rights and subject business to yet another layer of uncertainty. 
More lawsuits, Mr. Speaker. This is not an issue for courts to solve. The President proposed it. Congress rejected it. Then the President tried to implement it, and Congress rejected that, too. Then the President vetoed that. Now the courts have rejected it, too. Mr. Speaker, if you have got a good idea, get out there and sell it. If you want to change the law of the land, get out there and persuade folks it is a good idea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.045 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H809 February 12, 2016 
Look at what the President did on the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Speaker. There is not a man or a woman in America today who believes there should be lifetime caps on insurance policies. They believe, if you are facing the greatest crisis in your life, your in-surance company ought to be there for you. President Obama won on that issue. I agree with him on that issue. That law is never going to change, that segment of it. President Obama said, you know, just because you have had cancer doesn’t mean you shouldn’t ever be able to buy an insurance policy again; just because you were born with a pre-existing condition doesn’t mean you should never be able to buy an insur-ance policy again. The President was right. Republicans in Congress passed that for federally regulated plans back in 1996. Some States didn’t follow suit. That is now the law of the land. The President went out and led on some issues and changed America’s minds on some issues. He did not do that here. He did it with his pen and his phone. It is uncon-stitutional, and the courts are telling him as much. This is right from my home district, Mr. Speaker. Gwinnett County is the biggest county in the district. I only represent two counties. So many folks live in these two counties, Mr. Speak-er. 
On behalf of the Gwinnett County Board of Commissioners and the residents of Gwinnett County, I am writing to encourage continued action by the United States Con-gress to delay and defeat the proposed EPA rule regarding the definition of waters of the United States. 
The county commissioners, who have enough work to do, Mr. Speaker, are taking up for Congress, saying this is way outside of the bounds of what law-makers ought to be doing from the White House. It ought to be happening in article I. Do what you can. Quoting from that same county com-missioner, Mr. Speaker, the chair-woman of our county in Gwinnett: 
This would have the potential to increase costs and cause delays in permitting an oper-ation of needed public works projects. In Gwinnett County, 2,700 miles of roads and 684 miles of ditches within the highway right-of- way would be impacted by this proposed defi-nition if it is adopted, as would 1,400 miles of streams and 1,400 miles of drainage ditches. 
Now hear that, Mr. Speaker. I guess I kind of glossed over that. I called this the largest power grab that we have seen in water rights in American his-tory, but I haven’t really tried to enu-merate it. One county in the State of Georgia— we have got a lot of counties, Mr. Speaker. I believe we have the second most counties in the United States of America. So our counties are not that big. In one county, there are 2,700 miles of roads going under Federal regulation, 684 miles of ditches in those right-of- ways going under Federal regulation, 1,400 miles of streams going under new Federal regulation, and 1,400 miles of additional drainage ditches going under Federal regulation in one coun-ty—one county. To add insult to injury, Mr. Speaker, the Government Accountability Office, the auditor of the United States Gov-ernment, had this to say in December of last year: ‘‘The Environmental Protection Agency, EPA, violated publicity or propaganda and anti-lobbying provi-sions contained in appropriations acts with its use of certain social media platforms in association with its ‘Waters of the United States,’ WOTUS, rulemaking . . .’’ b1245 Mr. Speaker, the EPA violated propa-ganda and antilobbying provisions. Hear that. I am begging the adminis-tration to go out there and sell the American people before they act, as is supposed to be done. The General Accountability Office is chastising the administration because, instead of going out and selling it, they are illegally lobbying for it after the fact. We couldn’t persuade anybody about it ahead of time. We didn’t both-er to involve folks ahead of time. We are going to go out after the fact ille-gally and try to change everybody’s mind. Quoting again from that same report: ‘‘The EPA engaged in covert propa-ganda when the agency did not identify EPA’s role as the creator of the Thun-derclap message to the target audi-ence.’’ This is one particular campaign that the General Accountability Office is looking at. Mr. Speaker, we have got to demand better. President Obama, when he was Senator Obama, was demanding better of the Bush administration. He was right to do so. I am demanding better of the Obama administration. This Congress is de-manding better. We are right to do so. Whoever the next President is, him or her, we have to ask more of them. The Constitution was crafted with three branches of government for a rea-son, one branch to create the laws— that is us—one branch to enforce the laws—that is the President—and one branch to adjudicate the differences. I will come back to the courts, Mr. Speaker. I have been talking about waters of the U.S. That is just one of dozens of examples of administration overreach. This headline, Mr. Speaker: Supreme Court Deals Blow to Obama’s Effort to Regulate Coal Emissions. Coal emis-sions. This is the war on coal that you hear so much about. Mr. Speaker, the President has not come to Congress to sell Congress on doing away with our number one nat-ural energy resource. The President has not gone to the American people to sell the American people on doing away with the number one energy resource in America. In fact, if you go into coal country, Mr. Speaker, every single Democrat at the Federal level has been defeated not because they weren’t doing a good job—they may well have been—but be-cause the President was declaring a war on coal. Hardworking Americans who work in the coal industry said: Why are you picking on me? If you want clean air, let’s pass clean air regulations. Why are you declaring war on coal? This ends up in the Supreme Court. Former EPA Assistant Adminis-trator Jeff Holmstead says this: It is the first time the Supreme Court has actually stayed a regulation. This is happening right now. It is happening right now. Mr. Speaker, I have got it on the front page of yester-day’s National Journal, one of those Washington, D.C., dailies that tracks Federal opportunities and regulations. The headline reads: ‘‘Obama’s Second- Term Agenda Hits a Roadblock: the Supreme Court.’’ Think about that, Mr. Speaker. The headline, the generally accepted con-ventional wisdom, is the President’s agenda hits a roadblock because the Supreme Court says no. Mr. Speaker, the President’s agenda hit a roadblock when he decided not to sell it to Congress, not to sell it to his constituents, but to go around us both and do it through administrative ac-tion. It is the first time in American history that the Supreme Court has stayed a regulation, so egregious is this action. I go on from The New York Times, Mr. Speaker, just this week: ‘‘But the Supreme Court’s willingness to issue a stay while the case proceeds was an early hint that the program could face a skeptical reception from the jus-tices.’’ With the Court’s four liberal mem-bers dissenting, a 5–4 decision was un-precedented. ‘‘The Supreme Court had never before granted a request to halt a regulation before review by a federal appeals court.’’ ‘‘‘It’s a stunning development,’ Jody Freeman, a Harvard law professor and former environmental legal counsel to the Obama administration, said in an email.’’ A stunning development. What is stunning, Mr. Speaker, is around and around and around the President goes, around this body, Republicans and Democrats. It is not a partisan issue. This is a constitutional issue of whether or not we should be concerned why it is that the courts are solving the issues. Here is a quote from Laurence Tribe, Harvard law professor. In fact, he was President Obama’s constitutional law professor when the President was in law school. Professor Tribe says this: ‘‘To justify the Clean Power Plan’’—that is this power plan that is implementing the coal regulations that the Supreme Court just put a stay on this week— ‘‘the EPA has brazenly rewritten the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.046 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH810 February 12, 2016 
history of an obscure section of the 1970 Clean Air Act . . . Frustration with congressional inaction cannot jus-tify throwing the Constitution over-board to rescue this lawless EPA pro-posal. . . .’’ Mr. Speaker, we are supposed to dis-agree on things. You don’t have to go far outside of my congressional dis-trict. H
ANK JOHNSON represents the south side of the county just beyond me, J
OHNLEWIS just beyond that. We disagree on all sorts of things. I admire them. I respect them. We work together on issues. It is not surprising that we disagree. What is surprising and, in fact, alarming is that the American people’s thirst for results has become such that Presidents think they can just skip the process, that the ends are going to jus-tify the means. President Obama’s law school pro-fessor, an undisputed congressional scholar, not a conservative by any stretch of the imagination: ‘‘Frustra-tion with congressional inaction can-not justify throwing the Constitution overboard to rescue this lawless EPA proposal. . . .’’ I need folks to understand, Mr. Speaker, that this is not Republican- Democrat. This is article I, article II. We talked about waters of the U.S. We talked about the war on coal. What about Guantanamo Bay, Mr. Speaker? What about the detention facility in Guantanamo Bay? U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch in November of last year—this is not old news; this is right now—said: ‘‘With respect to individuals being transferred to the United States, the law currently does not allow for that. . . . ’’ The Attorney General of the United States, President Obama’s Attorney General, the chief law enforcement of-ficer of the land second only to the President, says the law will not allow you to transfer these individuals to the United States. The Secretary of Defense, Ash Car-ter, just last month: ‘‘There are people in Gitmo who are so dangerous we can-not transfer them to the custody of an-other government no matter how much we trust that government. . . . We need to find another place [and] it would have to be in the United States. So I’ve made a proposal for the president, and he has indicated that he’s going to sub-mit that to Congress.’’ Hear that. The Secretary of Defense, Mr. Speaker, says the guys in Guanta-namo are so dangerous, we cannot trust any other government on the planet with them. And so, if we are to close Guantanamo, as the President has desired for 8 years, we must bring those folks back to the U.S. It is the only way. He’s going to have to submit that proposal to Congress, the Secretary of Defense says. Why is that? Because it’s against the law to establish another detention facility, so, therefore, to get the support of Congress. It is against the law. So we have got the Secretary of Defense saying these guys are really dangerous, which would question why we want to bring them to the United States to begin with. But you can’t transfer them here be-cause it is against the law. We have Lo-retta Lynch, Attorney General, saying you can’t bring them here because it is against the law. But I challenge anyone in this Cham-ber to do a news search, a Yahoo! search, Google search, however it is you get your news, and look in the last 14 days and see if you have seen an-other statement from the President saying he is going to bring those folks here. There is no proposal on Capitol Hill to do that. There is no effort from the White House on Capitol Hill to get that done. In fact, the opposite is true. Time after time after time this body, the Senate—the President has signed it into law—says that you cannot bring these folks back to America, that they are too dangerous. The Secretary of Defense agrees. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch agrees. Yet, we go down this road again. Visa waiver reform, Mr. Speaker, I was about to dismiss. Yet another issue. We passed a bill that said: Lis-ten, if you have been traveling to some of these countries in the Middle East where terrorism is running rampant today, you are not going to get a free pass into America. We are going to want to look at your background be-fore we tell you to come on in. Now, that seems fair, Mr. Speaker, if you are from one of these countries and you have been traveling through these countries where terrorism is running rampant, where there is case after case after case of terrorists leaving those countries and performing deadly acts around the globe, before we just let you in, which is what the Visa Waiver Pro-gram is. It says: Come on in. We are not going to do a background check on you. If you are from England, you are from France, you are from Germany, we trust you. Come right on in. We say: If you have been traveling to sites where the terrorist training camps are, we are going to want to give you a little further scrutiny. Congress passed this. The House passed it. The Senate passed it. The President signed it into law. And then he turned around the very next day and said: Well, but I am not going to en-force that because I promised the Ira-nians in my nuclear deal that I wouldn’t enforce those kinds of rules against Iranians. Well, you can’t pick and choose. Veto the bill if you don’t like the bill. Sign the bill if you do like the bill. You can’t pick and choose. I quote from Senator R
ONJOHNSON . He is the chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on the Senate side. He says: ‘‘Congress has every right to expect full compliance with the new provisions.’’ As the lead sponsor of the Visa Waiv-er Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015, I can at-test that Congress considered and re-jected expanding the waiver authority in the way the President proposes be-cause these groups of travelers would be hard to verify and any waivers granted would be easy to exploit. This isn’t 8 years ago. This isn’t 5 years ago. This isn’t 3 years ago. This is happening right now. The President signed language into law in December, signed language into law in November, in October, in September, signed lan-guage into law last year and said that this is the way it is going to be and has shown up this year and said: Oh, well, I didn’t mean it. I am going to do it dif-ferently. You have the lead Senate sponsor, the chairman of the Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs Com-mittee, saying: No. We considered that. We specifically didn’t give you that waiver authority. Don’t go down that road. Mr. Speaker, I have a chart up here. You can’t see it. It says 9–0. It is an-other Supreme Court decision against the administration, saying: You have gone outside of your congressionally delegated authority. You can’t do that. You see a lot of 5–4 decisions out of the Supreme Court, Mr. Speaker. You rarely see a 9–0 decision. These are Jus-tices appointed by Presidents of all po-litical stripes, including Justices ap-pointed by President Obama. They looked at what the President did in the Noel Canning case where he declared that Congress was in recess so that he could put people in executive positions without having to have Con-gress’ approval. And they said: Nonsense. Nonsense. You can’t do that. It is outrageous. The Supreme Court rejected that 9–0. Mr. Speaker, I don’t pick on this issue because it is an example of good news. I pick on it because it is an ex-ample of bad news. The courts said the President is overreaching and seizing congressional power illegitimately, un-constitutional actions. But when I go to Democrats in the Senate during the time period this was going on, Mr. Speaker, I get this. Senator Tom Harkin from Iowa: ‘‘By appointing these nominees, President Obama has acted responsibly in order to ensure that workers and businesses across this country who rely on the stable functioning of this important agency would not be caught in the crossfire of the Republicans’ misguided ideological battle.’’ He has a good reason. He has a good reason for defending the President. Partisan politics have created gridlock on Capitol Hill, Mr. Speaker. So I support the President ignoring the Constitution, seizing authority that is grant-ed only to the Senate, and doing what he wants to do with it. 
This is a United States Senator choosing to be a Democrat first and de-fending article I second. I am not picking on Senator Harkin. That happens all the time in this place, Mr. Speaker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.047 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H811 February 12, 2016 
When did that happen? When did it become more important to defend your President than to defend the Constitu-tion? When did it become more impor-tant to be a good Republican than to be a good Congressman? I argue we can still turn the tide on that, Mr. Speak-er. Representative George Miller from California, ranking member of the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee, which had jurisdiction over these issues in the House, said this: ‘‘Presi-dent Obama’s recess appointments will guarantee both employers and employ-ees will have a place to go to have their rights under the law protected and en-forced.’’ Well, that would be true except that they were unconstitutionally ap-pointed, and, thus, all of the decisions they rendered are now moot. No one is defending article I. Folks are defending their President instead. Senator H
ARRY REID: ‘‘Since Presi-dent Obama took office, Senate Repub-licans have done everything possible to deny qualified nominees from receiving a fair up-or-down vote. President Obama did the right thing when he made these appointments on behalf of American workers.’’ Mr. Speaker, at 9–0, the Supreme Court said: No. You did not do the right thing, Mr. President. In fact, you did exactly the wrong thing. In fact, it is unconstitutional what you did. You do not have the power to act in this way. And Democrat after Democrat after Democrat is defending him. b1300 Now, Mr. Speaker, if I put up these same charts from the Bush administra-tion, I would have Democrats saying the Bush administration overstepped its bounds, and Republican after Re-publican after Republican would be de-fending them. It has got to stop. It may be too late for this administration, Mr. Speaker. The lines in the sand may have already been dug so deep that we won’t be able to cross them, but here in this Presi-dential primary season we have got to ask of our Presidential candidates: What are you first? Are you your own leader first? Are you a Republican or Democrat first? Or, are you the leader of the free world under the restrictions of article II first? Are you going to use your pen and your phone? Are you just going to go out there and get it done by yourself? Or, are you going to go sell your boss on the idea—your boss, being 300 mil-lion Americans—and then are we going to bring ourselves together as a Nation to do these things one by one? Mr. Speaker, we have got to stop de-fending or criticizing actions based on which party is involved in it. There is one rule book for this country. It is not the policy position of the Republican National Committee. It is not the pol-icy position of the Democratic Na-tional Committee. The one rule book in this country is the United States Con-stitution, which says Congress writes the law and the President enforces it. We have got to expect more of our Presidents—not about the results that they get, but about the leadership they provide. Not the leadership to go around the law, but the leadership to change people’s minds and then change the law. We have got so much opportunity, Mr. Speaker. We have so much oppor-tunity. The men and women that I have gotten to know in this Chamber would rather lose their seat tomor-row—who cares about the election— and they want to make a difference for the country. Don’t tell me partisan gridlock has rendered self-governance impossible. Gridlock is the natural state of the constitutional government that our Founding Fathers created. We have to work with it, not around it, and we have to work with the American peo-ple, changing hearts and minds, not going around the American people and having to rely on the Supreme Court to fix those mistakes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CONDITIONAL ADJOURNMENT OR RECESS OF THE SENATE AND AN ADJOURN-MENT OF THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following privileged concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 31) providing for a conditional adjourn-ment or recess of the Senate and an ad-journment of the House of Representa-tives. The Clerk read the concurrent reso-lution, as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 31 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That when the Sen-ate recesses or adjourns on any day from Thursday, February 11, 2016, through Satur-day, February 20, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand re-cessed or adjourned until 12:00 noon on Mon-day, February 22, 2016, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to re-cess or adjourn, or until the time of any re-assembly pursuant to section 2 of this con-current resolution, whichever occurs first; and that when the House adjourns on any legislative day from Friday, February 12, 2016, through Tuesday, February 16, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his des-ignee, it stand adjourned until 2:00 p.m. on Tuesday, February 23, 2016, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 3 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. S
EC. 2. (a) The Majority Leader of the Sen-ate or his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall no-tify the Members of the Senate to reassem-ble at such place and time as he may des-ignate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. (b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-section (a), when the Senate adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the Senate shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. SEC. 3. (a) The Speaker or his designee, after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. (b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). Without objection, the concurrent resolution is concurred in. There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PRESIDENT’S BUDGET PROPOSAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, the Presi-dent submitted a budget request to the Congress. That budget request in-creases spending by approximately $2.5 trillion over the next 10 years. It raises taxes by $3.4 trillion over the next 10 years. And I will say that again. It in-creases spending by $2.5 trillion and raises taxes by $3.4 trillion over the next 10 years. This budget, like every other budget that has been submitted by this White House, does not ever come into bal-ance. It never comes into balance. It stays in the red. In fact, under this budget, we will see a 13 percent struc-tural shortfall in funding. The deficit would increase this fiscal year to $616 billion. That is up from approximately $438 billion last year. Either number is unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, with the trajectory that we are on, by 2022, just the interest on the debt—let me be clear: just the in-terest, not the principal—is going to result in us spending more money on paying that interest payment than we will spend on all of our defense spend-ing in a year. I will say that again. We will spend more money just paying the interest payment on the debt—not dropping the principal—than we will spend on our entire defense budget in the year by 2022, with the trajectory that we are on, increasing this Nation’s debt. The debt is going to be more than double what it was at the time this President took office. It is going to more than double by the time he leaves office. It currently exceeds $18 trillion. Yes, $18 trillion is our debt today. To break that down, that is approximately $155,000 per taxpayer. This isn’t Monop-oly money. These are real repercus-sions. Earlier this week, in this Chamber, I was able to host a seventh-grade class 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.049 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH812 February 12, 2016 
from LSU University Lab School. These are the folks that are going to pay for it. It is that generation of these seventh-graders and their children and grandchildren and great children. Mr. Speaker, at some point, this debt is going to be due. The bill is going to have to be paid. You can see that we are going off this cliff of spending to where our interest payments in a short 6 years are projected to exceed all that we are spending in our defense budget in a single year. This budget adds $6 trillion in debt over the next 10 years. I would like to break it down a little bit in terms of what some of these tax increases are and what the implica-tions are. The President has taken a lot of credit over the past few years over job growth. He has talked a lot about these increases in jobs that have occurred under his administration. When you actually look at the num-bers, where we have actually had job growth is in the energy sector. It is the one place where we have seen this ex-traordinary job growth over the last several years. However, just over the last year, we have lost approximately 10,000 jobs in the energy industry in Louisiana. By some estimates, that is 20 percent of our oil and gas workforce. That is 10,000 jobs in the last year tied back to our energy sector. There was a study that just came out that said, at current prices, oil and gas producers in the United States and Canada are losing approximately $350 million every single day. So, I am going to put this in perspec-tive. We have lost 10,000 jobs in Lou-isiana alone. We are seeing a bleeding of energy jobs across this Nation. You have energy producers that are losing, according to one study, $350 million every single day. The White House’s solution in their budget is to impose more taxes. It makes zero sense. For those of you that are listening, it is not going to make sense. People are bleeding jobs, they are losing money, and let’s go ahead and put that last nail in the cof-fin and increase taxes. We just don’t subtly increase taxes. This budget proposes to increase taxes by $10 a barrel. At the barrel prices that ended yesterday, that is in excess of 30 percent; in fact, it is approaching a 40 percent tax in an industry that is bleeding jobs. It is completely nonsen-sical. Obviously, it is not well thought out. The study I referenced earlier projects that, by 2017, approximately one-third of the companies involved in oil and gas exploration and production activities will go bankrupt. It is killing American jobs. I want to be clear that it is not going to decrease our demand for oil and gas, as we have seen prices as low as they are. You are seeing more people buying oil and gas because of the low prices. But what it means is that we are going to kill our domestic industry and be-come more reliant on foreign sources. I will say it again: It is nonsensical. Further, adding insult to injury is the fact that this administration is continuing to move forward on this well control rule, which they have hid-den from industry, hidden from Con-gress, and refused to meet with com-mittees and delegations about what they are trying to do. Yet, they thought it was appropriate to leak it to The Wall Street Journal this week. So, they can’t talk to the people that exercise oversight, but they can talk to the newspapers. Even their comments to the newspapers continue to dem-onstrate a fundamental misunder-standing of how our offshore industry works. A study that was just released indi-cates that we can see a 35 percent re-duction in domestic energy production in the offshore as a result of this well control rule. Mr. Speaker, I want to be clear: Like everyone, I support safe energy produc-tion in the United States. What hap-pened in 2010, with the Macondo dis-aster and the loss of those lives was an absolute travesty—and it was avoid-able—but, as the judge said in that case, it was gross negligence and will-ful misconduct. The judge didn’t say that the Depart-ment of Interior was at fault from flawed rules. He said that the operators were at fault and that it was the result of multiple, multiple mistakes that, in aggregate, was grossly negligent and showed willful misconduct. Since the Macondo spill, industry has taken their own steps to ensure safety. The Department of Interior has taken steps to ensure safety. Yet, this well control rule is going to result in a 35 percent reduction, and I believe it will actually result in decreased safety be-cause of the fundamental misunder-standing of these regulators of the in-dustry they are attempting to regu-late. They are in an ivory tower—and it is inappropriate—further attempting to kill the oil and gas industry. Now, here is where the irony comes in even further. Mr. Speaker, the President indicated that the effort to assign this $10 a bar-rel tax is tied back to his environ-mental agenda, tied back to his efforts to ensure that we are good environ-mental stewards, which, to be clear, Mr. Speaker, I am a strong advocate of the environment and ensuring that we balance environmental protection, en-vironmental sustainability, and eco-system production with our economic development efforts. But in this case, by taking these steps and reducing our domestic pro-duction of energy, particularly off-shore, you are reducing the funds that are available for environmental res-toration and environmental initiatives. Because it is going to result in a 35 per-cent reduction in offshore energy pro-duction, according to the McKinsey study. So, if that is accurate, it is going to result in billions of dollars of less revenue for the U.S. Government. Now, what makes that even worse is that the far, majority of the offshore energy production in the United States happens off the shores of Texas, Lou-isiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. b1315 Mr. Speaker, I believe that is your home State, one of those. So, under Federal law, from 2006, those energy revenues are shared back with the States so they can carry out efforts to help ensure the sustain-ability of their coasts and resilience of their communities. In the case of Louisiana, my home State, we actually passed a constitu-tional amendment to dedicate those dollars back to restoring the coast, to preventing floods. So this budget, as submitted, does not include funds through the Corps of Engineers for projects like the Morganza to the Gulf project. It doesn’t include funds for important projects to prevent repetitive flooding, like the Comite project. It doesn’t ful-fill the President’s commitment that he made to Louisiana in 2012, when he walked on the streets in St. John Par-ish and said he was going to advance the West Shore project to ensure that we don’t continue to see flooding from hurricanes and storms in St. John Par-ish and St. Charles Parish and some of the adjacent areas. He fails to fulfill his own commit-ment by zeroing out funding for that important project, and again adding in-sult to injury to insult to injury to in-sult, by taking away funds in his budg-et request, attempting to repeal these offshore energy revenue-sharing dollars that in the State of Louisiana are com-mitted to ecosystem restoration and to community resilience efforts to pre-vent floodwaters, to save FEMA money, to prevent disasters, to prevent economic disruption, to prevent dis-rupting our families and our businesses in south Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I just want to close by saying that this budget is entirely non-sensical. It talks about reducing spend-ing and saving money, yet it does com-pletely the opposite. It talks about environmental initia-tives, yet all it proposes to do is reduce funds available for environmental pur-poses, and then, in one case, swaps the Louisiana money, or attempts to take the Louisiana money—excuse me—take the money from the Gulf States and send it up to Alaska for a climate ini-tiative on coastal resiliency. And one last note on that, Mr. Speaker. I have been up to the commu-nities in coastal Alaska. I have been up to Shishmaref and Kivalina and Kotzebue and Nome and Barrow and Deadhorse. I have been to these com-munities, and they deserve help. But, Mr. Speaker, to simply trade, or to rob Peter to pay Paul, to rob the Gulf to set up a program in Alaska, it is mind- boggling. Mr. Speaker, they all deserve help. They all deserve help. To simply take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.051 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H813 February 12, 2016 
money from one area and to send it to another one, that doesn’t fix the prob-lem. This budget, from a fiscal perspec-tive, is fatally flawed policy. It is going to put extraordinary financial burden on future generations. From an envi-ronmental perspective, it is completely nonsensical in that it takes money away from environmental restoration and environmental initiatives and community resilience. It is going to re-sult in increasing FEMA disaster spending by leaving these communities vulnerable by failing to address these hazards. I urge, Mr. Speaker, that, as we move forward, we move forward with com-monsense reforms to reduce spending, to bring the debt under control, to begin reducing our national debt, and to make sure that we are spending money in places where it makes sense, to fulfill commitments to the people in St. John and St. Charles Parishes, to ensure that our communities and our economy are more resilient, and not to continue mortgaging our future and continue allowing our environment to degrade, as it is in coastal Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LESSONS FROM THE VIETNAM WAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Louisiana, my neigh-bor—wonderful points being made. I also want to call attention, Mr. Speaker, today to the 43rd anniversary of the release from imprisonment of American POWs from North Vietnam, among whom is our friend and hero here in the House, S
AMJOHNSON . It was nice of staff to have a little re-ception for Congressman J
OHNSON , and it is important to remember such things and try to learn from our mis-takes. Because once again, in the last couple of weeks, I have heard ref-erences to mistakes of the past, like the lesson we should have learned from Vietnam, and then they get the lesson all wrong. We really didn’t allow our military in Vietnam to win the war in Vietnam. Our pilots, our military operations, they could have won that war had they been allowed to do so. And the best indication of that is, after 7 years that S
AMJOHNSON spent in just the most horrid conditions, hor-rendous torture, joined by other Amer-ican heroes, like J
OHN MCCAIN, who was 3 years at the Hanoi Hilton, where S
AMJOHNSON was. I know he was shot down 5 years be-fore the release, but it was only the last 3 years that he was placed in con-finement there with, I believe, 10 oth-ers in the worst of the worst facilities, so bad that even today, after they cleaned up some of the torture cham-bers and tried to dress them up, they still won’t let Americans go into the original Hanoi Hilton where they held 11, including SAMJOHNSON , in the most horrid of conditions. But the chronology, basically, in a nutshell, Nixon promised that he would, if he was reelected, he would get us out of Vietnam. So after reelection, they start the Paris peace talks—and I realize this is a gross generalization. They start the Paris peace talks. The North Vietnamese storm out. So Nixon orders carpet bombing of sites in North Vietnam that they had never been al-lowed to bomb before, including the areas in Hanoi itself. S
AM has related personally that, when they first heard the first bomb drop, they thought: Wow, one might fall here. And then they were abso-lutely overjoyed that, finally, their country, the United States of America, was finally bringing the war to the North Vietnamese leaders. They had not done that. So there was massive bombing for 2 weeks. After 2 weeks, tremendous bombing, then the leaders came rush-ing back to the peace tables: Let’s work this out. They got a peace accord agreed to. They agreed to provide all the names, locations of Americans who were killed in action or missing in action, provide all of the POWs. Apparently, American officials knew pretty quickly they didn’t give us everybody, and that is another dark chapter in our history. But they agreed to release the POWs. As S
AMJOHNSON and others were being released from the Hanoi Hilton, he said probably the cruelest of the of-ficers there was laughing and smirking at the Americans as they were allowed to leave and go to a bus and, basically, said: You stupid Americans. If you had just bombed us for one more week, we would have had to surrender uncondi-tionally. Yes, that is right. The lesson of Viet-nam should have been that we should never, ever put our military in harm’s way without giving them all of the equipment and ordnance they need to win and the order to win. If we are not willing to give them rules of engage-ment that allow them to win, they should not be sent. Yet, since this administration has been in office, there have been three to four times more American military lives lost. I am told by many in the military, because of the rules of engagement, be-cause of where they are placed, without being able to properly defend them-selves, that, under Commander in Chief Obama, three to four times more mili-tary members, American military members, have given their lives, their last full measure of devotion, than were lost during the 7
1⁄4years in which the war in Afghanistan raged at its highest under Commander in Chief Bush. The difference is you had one Commander in Chief that gave them more authority to win and a second, a later Commander in Chief, that tied their hands behind their backs. So that brings us to where we are today, 43 years after SAMJOHNSON and other American POWs were released from North Vietnam. The real lesson of Vietnam still hasn’t been learned be-cause we have still got American mili-tary members being killed abroad, in Afghanistan, without giving them the rules of engagement to protect them-selves. And if that were the end of the story, that would be bad enough; but it is even worse when our military members have been subjected to the examples of having American military members punished, sent to prison if they dared to put the safety and lives of their men as the first consideration of their ac-tions and their orders. So we have a lieutenant in Leaven-worth who, when an Afghan on a mo-torcycle refused to honor the signs, the orders to stop, refused to stop or even slow down when shots were fired in his direction, and so you have to give some credit to this administration and the military leaders and the orders that make their way from the top down and the rules of engagement as to why, just in recent weeks, we have lost military members when someone on a motor-cycle rode up and exploded themselves. They knew. Our American military that died in that suicide motorcycle bombing, they knew what had hap-pened to the lieutenant. All of our peo-ple in Afghanistan know what hap-pened when this administration makes an example out of an officer who dares to put the safety of his own people ut-termost in his mind. It is a sad time in America. Our allies notice that, if we will not even take the life, the treasure of our own Amer-ican military more seriously, then how can they possibly put their faith in us that we will keep our word and protect them? They have seen what happened in Ukraine. b1330 They didn’t really lift a finger to help the Ukrainians against the Rus-sian aggression. In fact, after Russian aggression against Georgia, President Bush put some sanctions in place. Re-lations got more chilled between the United States and Russia because of the egregious, unfair actions of Russia in Georgia. The first thing this President did was send Hillary Clinton over with a plas-tic, red button. They put the wrong in-terpretation on it. They meant to say a reset button, and they got the wrong language on there. The message was very clear to the Russians: Ah, President Obama and Hillary Clinton don’t care if we violate their allies. They don’t care if we in-vade their friends. They don’t care. They want a reset button and basically have apologized for getting upset that we in Russia invaded Georgia. So Hil-lary Clinton and President Obama are fine with us invading other places. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.052 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH814 February 12, 2016 
What were they supposed to think that this administration would do when they invaded Ukraine? Well, they guessed right, that this administration wouldn’t really do anything about it. Oh, I am sorry, Mr. Speaker. I forgot. This administration did do something about the Russian aggression. In fact, the President delivered it. He didn’t know the microphone was picking him up when he said, basically: Tell Vladimir that I will have a whole lot more flexibility after the election. So they got the messages. We can pretty much abuse and invade, what-ever we care to do. It is outrageous what has happened to American rep-utation abroad. So today is the 43rd anniversary. We salute S
AMJOHNSON and all those POWs that were released today from North Vietnam. I wish we had learned the lesson from the horrors that they experienced. In fact, there is an article here by Anne Bayefsky. It originally appeared on FOX News. This was released Feb-ruary 11, 2016, by Human Rights Voices: ‘‘There is a dangerous scam gaining traction at the United Nations, back-stopped by the White House.’’ That is our U.S. President’s House. ‘‘It’s called ‘violent extremism.’ Given the U.N.’s long and undistinguished history of being unable to define terrorism, and an American President who chokes on the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism,’ pledges to combat ‘violent extremism’ have be-come all the rage. ‘‘It turns out that the terminological fast one is a lethal diplomatic dance that needs to be deconstructed, and quickly. ‘‘In 1999, the Organization of Islamic Cooperation’’—that is the OIC— ‘‘enemy’’ insert parenthetically, Mr. Speaker—the OIC, Organization of Is-lamic Cooperation, has all of the Is-lamic nations except the United States included in it, and they also include the Palestinians that are in the nation of Israel. I always get confused whether the OIC has 50 states and we have in the United States 57 States or whether the OIC has 57 states and we have 50. So I shared that with our President when he was running for the Presidency as he got confused whether the U.S. has 57 states—no, that is the OIC—and the United States has 50. It is confusing. The article states: ‘‘In 1999, the Orga-nization of Islamic Cooperation . . . adopted an ‘anti-terrorism’ treaty stat-ing that ‘armed struggle against for-eign occupation, aggression, colo-nialism, and hegemony, aimed at lib-eration and self-determination . . . shall not be considered a terrorist crime.’ ‘‘In practice, that means it is open season on all Israelis, as well as Ameri-cans and Europeans who get in the way. Each of the 56 Islamic states’’— actually, the OIC is 57 because they claim Palestine—‘‘and what the UN la-bels the ‘State of Palestine,’ is a party to this treaty. ‘‘The September 11 terror attacks then launched a growth industry in U.N. counter-terrorism chit-chat and paraphernalia. ‘‘Year-after-year, Islamic states have prevented the adoption of a UN Com-prehension Convention Against Ter-rorism by refusing to abandon their claim that certain targets are exempt. ‘‘In 2001 the U.N. Security Council created the Counter-Terrorism Com-mittee. But it is unable to name a state sponsor of terrorism. In fact, from 2002 to 2003, Syria, a state sponsor of terrorism, was a member. ‘‘In 2005 the U.N. Commission on Human Rights, once chaired by Colonel Qaddafi’s Libya, created the U.N. ex-pert on ‘the promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental free-doms while countering terrorism’—as if countering terror is not about pro-tecting human rights. ‘‘In 2006 the General Assembly adopt-ed a Global Counter-Terrorism Strat-egy. It manages to cast terrorists as victims. ‘Pillar Number One’ starts by worrying about ‘conditions conducive to the spread of terrorism.’ ‘Youth un-employment,’ for instance, purportedly results in ‘the subsequent sense of vic-timization that propels extremism and the recruitment of terrorists.’ ‘‘In 2011 the U.N. established the Counter-Terrorism Center—at the ini-tiative of Saudi Arabia. The Saudis threw $100 million at the venture and became chair of the ‘Advisory Board.’ Saudi financing of radical charities and ‘academic’ exercises around the world are somehow left out of Center events on investigating and prosecuting terror financing. ‘‘Integral to the-best-defense-is-a- good-offence routine, has been the con-stant unsubstantiated allegation of an ‘Islamophobia’ pandemic. ‘‘For the first decade of the 21st cen-tury, the Islamophobia charge was hurled in UN resolutions on the ‘defa-mation’ of Islam or the ‘defamation of religion.’ Defamation meant the free-doms of human beings should be trumped by the ‘rights’ of ‘religion.’ ‘‘In 2009 ‘defamation’ was repackaged by the General Assembly as ‘human rights and cultural diversity.’ Ever since, the over 100 countries of the ‘Non-aligned movement’ vote against Western states and demand the free-doms of human beings be trumped by ‘cultural diversity.’ And that’s cultural diversity Iran-style. In December 2015, the UN resolution praised Tehran’s Centre for Human Rights and Cultural Diversity—the brainchild of former Ira-nian President and well-known human rights aficionado Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ‘‘In the last six weeks alone, Islamic states have staged two UN meetings fo-cusing on ‘Islamophobia and inclusive societies,’ and ‘countering xenophobia.’ Two weeks ago, the servile Secretary- General Ban Ki-moon couldn’t mention ‘antisemitism’ on the anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz without connecting it to ‘anti-Muslim bigotry.’ ‘‘Of course, the Islamophobia drum-beat skips right over the xenophobia, antisemitism, and exclusively that is endemic—and officially-sanctioned—in Islamic states. ‘‘This is the substrate from which Ban Ki-moon has now manufactured a ‘Plan of Action to Prevent Violent Ex-tremism.’ Introduced in January, the General Assembly is meeting on Feb-ruary 12, 2016 to push the plan forward. ‘‘After one mention of ‘ISIL, Al- Qaeda and Boko Haram,’ the Plan in-sists that violent extremism ‘does not arise in a vacuum. Narratives of griev-ance, actual or perceived injustice . . . become attractive.’ ‘It is critical that in responding to this threat,’ stresses the Plan, that states be stopped from ‘overreacting.’ Topping ‘conditions conducive to violent extremism’ is ‘lack of socioeconomic opportunities.’’’ Mr. Speaker, this just shows the ig-norance in the U.N. in propagating such a plan and the sheer naivety, if not outright intentional misleading, of those who would read their report. Lack of socioeconomic opportunities is not what caused one of the wealthier Islamists to put together and carry out a plan of attacking the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and, apparently, this Capitol. He was wealthy. So are many of those who are funding ter-rorism. It arises out of radical Islamic beliefs. Nobody should have to ever say: We know all Muslims don’t believe this. It should go without saying. We know that. But for those that do, it is sheer idiocy to claim that Islam has nothing to do with the radical Islamic ter-rorism that is occurring. When you have one of the most world-renowned experts on Islam who has studied his whole life on the Koran, the holy Koran, as he would call it, the tenets and the pillars of Islam and even has his Ph.D., we are told, in Islamic studies from the University of Bagh-dad—Mr. Speaker, I think I forgot to mention he is the head of ISIS. The head of the Islamic State is one of the world’s foremost experts on Islam, and he says the Islamic State is exactly what Islam is all about. I know, when I was a judge, people had to put on evidence as to edu-cational background and study in an area so that I, as the judge, could de-termine whether that man or woman was actually an expert in their field. I would say the head of ISIS, with his educational background and his re-search and study, certainly is far more of an expert on Islam than our Presi-dent or Valerie Jarrett or anybody in this administration. The article says: ‘‘Here we go again. The bigots, fanatics and killers are al-legedly driven by our annoying insist-ence on fighting back—which the Plan astonishingly calls ‘the cycle of insecu-rity and armed conflict.’ ‘‘As per usual in U.N. negotiations, the Obama administration has jumped 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.054 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H815 February 12, 2016 
on board while Islamic states are hold-ing out for greater elaboration of their grievances and even more ‘nothing to do with religion or Islam’ clauses. ‘‘The U.N.’s idea of a win-win is an il-lusory ‘global partnership to confront this menace’ that allows states to de-fine violent extremism any which way they want: ‘This Plan of Action pur-sues a practical approach to preventing violent extremism, without venturing to address questions of definition.’ ‘‘Only U.N. con-artists could present refusing to identify a problem as the most practical way to solve it. ‘‘More practically speaking, the lat-est Palestinian terror wave began by pumping bullets into a young mom and dad in front of their little kids for the crime of being Jews living and breath-ing on Arab-claimed land. In U.N. ter-minology, Eitam and Naama Henkin were ‘extremist settlers.’ ‘‘So to all you extremist lovers of lib-erty: beware the violent extremists in U.N. clothing, and the morally-chal-lenged commanders in chief bringing up the rear.’’ Well written. We have got to wake up. We had another bombing. We have more violence. We hear from ISIS lead-ers that they have been able to get some of their best warriors into the United States and into Europe posing as refugees. We have the head of the FBI who warns all of us in the House and all of us in the Senate and says we have cases regarding the Islamic State in every State in the Union. b1345 Still, we let the administration get away with turning a blind eye toward the real problem and say we need to welcome more and more refugees. We are told by the people who are in charge of the vetting: We will vet them, but we have no information real-ly to vet them with, so, sure, there are going to be some terrorists come in. We have an obligation in this House, and those Senators at the other end of the hall, to our Constitution, and we are to provide for the common defense. We are supposed to provide that de-fense against all enemies—foreign and domestic. For those who don’t know the Con-stitution well enough, there is no right by someone illegally in the United States to have a hearing before an arti-cle III Federal District Court. In fact, there is no District Court mentioned in article III. The only court mentioned is the Supreme Court. As my old con-stitutional law professor said, there is only one court in the country that owes its existence to the U.S. Constitu-tion. Every other Federal Court, every other tribunal, and magistrate in the country owes its existence—that is a Federal entity—owes its existence to the United States Congress. We have the right to create them; we have the right to remove them. Our own military do not have a right to a United States District Court. Why? Because the Constitution says Congress has the full authority to cre-ate disciplinary systems for the mili-tary. That is why the UCMJ, the Uni-form Code of Military Justice, was cre-ated. Why in the world should we have peo-ple in this administration advocating for people illegally in this country, people illegally in this country that want to do damage to America, and ad-vocate that they have a right to a U.S. District Court that our own military heroes don’t have a right to? The an-swer is: They don’t have that right at all. There is an article: Female Suicide Bomber Pair Kill 58 in Nigerian Ref-ugee Camp. Having been there and hav-ing wept with family members who have lost kids, had kids kidnapped, held, their little girls raped repeatedly for months now, and the best this ad-ministration does is start a little social media campaign: Bring Back Our Girls, are you kidding me? Give Nigeria all the Intel they need to wipe out Boko Haram. Let them do it. The Taliban was totally defeated be-tween October of 2001 and February of 2002. Without one single American life lost, we had embedded military in Af-ghanistan, no lives lost, and the Taliban was totally routed by Feb-ruary. Then we did something that wasn’t very smart. We began basically an occupation of Afghanistan. It hasn’t worked out well. Here is an article: CIA Director Says Islamic Group has Used, Can Make Chemical Weapons. It quotes Brennan on CBS News and Lara on 60 Minutes as saying: The CIA believes the IS group has the ability to make small amounts of mustard and chlorine gas for weap-ons, and ‘‘there are reports that ISIS has access to chemical precursors and munitions that they can use.’’ Mr. Speaker, we need to have learned our lesson, and we haven’t. If this ad-ministration doesn’t stand up, more lives will be needlessly lost. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. S
TIVERS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of his duties with the Ohio National Guard. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 757. An act to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. H.R. 907. An act to improve defense co-operation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordon. H.R. 1428. An act to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes. ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to Senate Concurrent Resolution 31, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until Tues-day, February 23, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4329. A letter from the Deputy Director, Di-rectorate of Cooperative and State Pro-grams, Occupational Safety and Health Ad-ministration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Maine State Plan for State and Local Government Employers [Docket No.: OSHA-2015-0003] (RIN: 1218-AC97) received February 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 4330. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Regional Haze BART Alternative Measure: Washington [EPA-R10-OAR-2015-0398; FRL-9942-15-Region 10] received February 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4331. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Benzyl acetate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2014-0783; FRL-9941-49] received Feb-ruary 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4332. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Clean Air Act Title V Oper-ating Permit Program Revision; West Vir-ginia [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0594; FRL-9942-12- Region 3] received February 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4333. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Diflubenzuron; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0672; FRL- 9939-59] received February 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4334. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition Library Address; Technical Amendments [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-0011] received February 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 4335. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Venezuela that was de-clared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12FE7.055 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH816 February 12, 2016 
Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4336. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report prepared by the Department of State concerning inter-national agreements other than treaties en-tered into by the United States to be trans-mitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Zablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d) Public Law 92- 403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4337. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Secs. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-050; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4338. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cuban Assets Control Regulations received February 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4339. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regula-tion, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting notification of two nominations, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4340. A letter from the General Counsel, Peace Corps, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 4341. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ironman 70.3 Miami; Miami, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0483] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received February 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4342. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Consumer Price Index Adjust-ments of Oil Pollution Act of 1990 Limits of Liability —— Vessels, Deepwater Ports and Onshore Facilities [Docket No.: USCG-2013- 1006] (RIN: 1625-AC14) received February 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4343. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31055; Amdt. No.: 3677] received February 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4344. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31054; Amdt. No.: 3676] received February 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4345. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31053; Amdt. No.: 3675] received February 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4346. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31051; Amdt. No.: 3673] received February 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4347. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31052; Amdt. No.: 3674] received February 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4348. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Shore (Belt) Park-way Bridge Construction, Mill Basin; Brook-lyn, NY [Docket Number: USCG-2014-1044] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received February 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4349. A letter from the Inspector General, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the FY 2017 Congressional Budget Justifica-tion for the Office of Inspector General of the Railroad Retirement Board, pursuant to 45 U.S.C. 231f(f); Public Law 93-445, title I, Sec. 416; (97 Stat. 436); jointly to the Committees on Appropriations, Transportation and Infra-structure, and Ways and Means. 4350. A letter from the Labor Member and Management Member, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Congressional Jus-tification of Budget Estimates for FY 2017 including the Performance Plan for the year for the Railroad Retirement Board, pursuant to 45 U.S.C. 231f(f); Public Law 93-445, title I, Sec. 416; (97 Stat. 436); jointly to the Com-mittees on Appropriations, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 4551. A bill to require the establish-ment of a Consumer Price Index for Older Americans to compute cost-of-living in-creases for monthly insurance benefits under title II of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOLLY (for himself and Mr. O’ROURKE ): H.R. 4552. A bill to require all gas stations offering self-service to meet certain accessi-bility standards for individuals with disabil-ities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 4553. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to clarify reasonable costs for critical access hospital payments under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. N
UGENT , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. J ONES , Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. C
ARNEY , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H
ECK of Washington, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM ): H.R. 4554. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to ensure that certain members of the National Guard serving on full-time National Guard duty and dependents remain eligible for the TRICARE program during pe-riods in which the member is responding to a disaster; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. R
OSS, Mr. W ALKER , and Mr. C OOK): H.R. 4555. A bill to clarify the application of section 304 of the Tariff Act of 1930 as it relates to articles from areas of the West Bank and Gaza that are not administered by Israel; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H IMES, Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. J ONES , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R USH, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 4556. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire psychi-atrists; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mr. S
HIMKUS , and Mrs. R
OBY): H.R. 4557. A bill to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emis-sion standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requir-ing compliance with such rule; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. K IND, Mr. L
OBIONDO , and Mr. W ITTMAN ): H.R. 4558. A bill to authorize the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to seek compensation for injuries to trust resources and use those funds to restore, replace, or ac-quire equivalent resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12FE7.000 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H817 February 12, 2016 
Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-self, Mr. P
ETERSON , and Mr. C RAMER ): H.R. 4559. A bill to establish the United States Commission on the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. F
UDGE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. V EASEY , and Ms. P
LASKETT ): H.R. 4560. A bill to assist survivors of stroke and other debilitating health occur-rences in returning to work; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 4561. A bill to authorize the use of Ebola funds for Zika response and prepared-ness; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 4562. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program to prevent and control mosquito-borne dis-eases; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida (for him-self and Mr. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 4563. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for re-search related to the development of a vac-cine for the Zika virus; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. N EAL, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 4564. A bill to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as Robert Emmet Park, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 4565. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to restrict di-rect-to-consumer drug advertising; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Mr. S
HER-
MAN, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. S
CHIFF ): H.R. 4566. A bill to withdraw certain lands in Los Angeles County, California, from entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 4567. A bill to increase the number of States that may conduct Medicaid dem-onstration programs to improve access to community mental health services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. POLIS, and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 4568. A bill to make funds available to the Department of Energy National Labora-tories for the Federal share of cooperative research and development agreements that support maturing Laboratory technology and transferring it to the private sector, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Ms. MATSUI (for herself and Mr. L
ANCE ): H.R. 4569. A bill to amend the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (PAMA) to ex-tend and expand the Medicaid community mental health services demonstration pro-gram; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. Z
INKE): H.R. 4570. A bill to amend the Department of Agriculture program for research and ex-tension grants to increase participation by women and underrepresented minorities in the fields of science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics to redesignate the pro-gram as the ‘‘Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program’’; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. J
ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. B
EATTY , and Ms. B ORDALLO ): H.R. 4571. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve the health of children and help better understand and en-hance awareness about unexpected sudden death in early life; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 4572. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to authorize a State to reimburse cer-tain costs incurred by the State in providing training to workers after a petition for cer-tification of eligibility for trade adjustment assistance has been filed, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 4573. A bill to provide for research on the use of child restraint devices on commer-cial aircraft; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 4574. A bill to require the Federal Aviation Administration to adopt safety standards regarding fuel systems in newly manufactured helicopters; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 4575. A bill to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to provide investment authority to support rural infrastructure de-velopment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN (for herself and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 4576. A bill to implement the Conven-tion on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself and Mr. P
ETERSON ): H.R. 4577. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come compensation received by employees consisting of qualified distributions of em-ployer stock; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L OF-GREN , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F
ARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. L ORET -
TA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H.R. 4578. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for minimum safety standards for underground gas storage facili-ties, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STEWART (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C HAFFETZ , and Mrs. L
OVE): H.R. 4579. A bill to withdraw certain Bu-reau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropria-tion, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the ex-change of certain Federal land and State land, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ASHFORD: H. Con. Res. 116. Concurrent resolution condemning North Korea’s February 6, 2016, long-range rocket launch and North Korea’s February 9, 2016, restart of a plutonium reac-tor; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 4551. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 4552. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 4553. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Ms. D
ELBENE: H.R. 4554. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 4555. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12FE7.100 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH818 February 12, 2016 
power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4556. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 4557. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 4558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: H.R. 4559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign na-tions and among the several States). By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 4560. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida: H.R. 4561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida: H.R. 4562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida: H.R. 4563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 4564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 4565. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Congress By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Sec. 3 refers to the managerial authority over property owned by the Fed-eral Government By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 4567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, of the United States Constitution This states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power to...lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 4568. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. MATSUI: H.R. 4569. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, §8, clause 3, the Commerce Clause By Ms. MENG: H.R. 4570. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 4571. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 4572. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 4573. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 4574. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 4575. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 4576. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3—The Con-gress shall have power...t o  regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 4577. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section, 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, which gives Congress the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes,’’ as well as Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution, which gives Congress the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes . . .’’. By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 4578. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 4579. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. M
ICA, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. U PTON , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. R OGERS  of Kentucky, Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. B UCK, Mr. H
OLDING , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 188: Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 228: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 250: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 267: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 494: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 534: Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 604: Mr. F
LEMING . H.R. 663: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 664: Mr. N
OLAN and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 716: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 759: Ms. B
ASSand Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 775: Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 793: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 799: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. K
IND. H.R. 814: Mr. P
OSEY and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 829: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 921: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 932: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 953: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 969: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1095: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 1116: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1197: Ms. Vela´zquez. H.R. 1221: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1342: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mr. B LUM. H.R. 1391: Mr. C
LAYand Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1399: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1486: Mr. C
ONAWAY and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . H.R. 1516: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 1733: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 1742: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1797: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. H.R. 1957: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 1958: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 2156: Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 2264: Mrs. W
AGNER and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 2293: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 2367: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 2411: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2418: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 2515: Mr. C
RENSHAW . H.R. 2530: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2553: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 2698: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 2844: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 2901: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 2911: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2990: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 3060: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 3084: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3099: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 3152: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3180: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 3187: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 3190: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3225: Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 3235: Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 3250: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3294: Mr. K
ATKO and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 3299: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3308: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. E
STY, Mr. B EYER , Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3326: Mr. T
IBERI . H.R. 3339: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3355: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 3377: Ms. B
ASSand Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 3381: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 3406: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 3470: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. J
EFFRIES , and Mr. P AYNE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.025 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H819 February 12, 2016 
H.R, 3497: Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 3546: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 3599: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 3684: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 3706: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 3765: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama and Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 3862: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3952: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 3954: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 3957: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 3977: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3985: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3986: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4007: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 4017: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4073: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. H.R. 4137: Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. F UDGE , and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4229: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 4247: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4249: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4260: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4262: Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 4279: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 4293: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR . H.R. 4313: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 4335: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4336: Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. V
ALADAO , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4342: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 4352: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. R
ENACCI , and Mr. P AULSEN . H.R. 4365: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 4388: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 4396: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4400: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. C ARSON of In- diana, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 4406: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 4410: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4420: Mr. M
EEHAN and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 4430: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 4433: Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4441: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4457: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 4461: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4462: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 4475: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4479: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 4486: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 4488: Mr. B
EYER , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 4519: Mrs. L
AWRENCE and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4520: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4521: Mr. S
CHRADER and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 4522: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada and Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia. H.R. 4524: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 4525: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4528: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4534: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 4540: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4546: Ms. S
PEIER . H.J. Res. 12: Mr. B
RAT. H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H. Res. 32: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 52: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H. Res. 318: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 393: Mr. A
SHFORD . H. Res. 431: Mr. B
UCSHON . H. Res. 501: Mr. N
EAL, Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. A
SHFORD . H. Res. 509: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H. Res. 540: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Ms. B ASS. H. Res. 551: Mr. L
AMBORN . H. Res. 571: Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. P
ITTS, Mr. C RAMER , and Mrs. L UMMIS . H. Res. 588: Mr. J
ONES . H. Res. 604: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 610: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 613: Ms. F
OXXand Mrs. N OEM. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE7.023 H12FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S885 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2016 No. 26 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable M
IKE R
OUNDS , a Senator from the State of South Dakota. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, instruct us in the way we should go. Direct the steps of our lawmakers, leading them beside still waters as You restore their souls. As they put their trust in You, be for them a shield of defense. Lord, preserve them, keeping them from stumbling or slipping. Enable them to rejoice be-cause Your goodness and mercies en-dure forever. May our Senators remem-ber that You love righteousness and justice. May this knowledge motivate them to follow Your precepts, ear-nestly striving to glorify Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, February 12, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IKEROUNDS , a Sen-ator from the State of South Dakota, to per-form the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. ROUNDS thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
RECOGNIZING MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, more than 100 years ago, Albert Einstein pro-posed the theory of relativity. He pre-dicted that violent events in the early universe shocked the cosmos, sending gravity waves rippling through the fab-ric of space time. By the time these waves reached Earth, they would be ‘‘vanishingly small,’’ and, with the technology available in Einstein’s day, impossible to detect. But after 100 more years of science and innovation, scientists announced yesterday that, with their new cosmic hearing aid, they have heard the first ripples from space. I congratulate the men and women of the LIGO Scientific Collaboration, an international project of over 900 sci-entists led by MIT and Caltech, for their hard work and dedication. Using cutting-edge facilities in Louisiana and Washington State, scientists detected a vibration in the space-time continuum, opening our ears, not just our eyes, to space. A billion years ago in a distant gal-axy, two black holes spiraled inward on each other. Their eventual collapse re-leased the energy of a billion trillion suns in a fraction of a second and sent gravity waves rippling through space and time. Gravity waves compress space in one direction and stretch it in the other. Since this push and pull weakens with distance, scientists have long thought gravity waves would be too faint to measure on Earth. But yes-terday scientists proved such skep-ticism wrong. With their latest detec-tor at the ready, scientists were wait-ing and listening for any faint sign of these waves. And on September 14, 2015, scientists heard a short chirp on their instruments that turned out to be the billion-year echo of a faraway past. For the first time, we can hear the Musica Universalis because of our in-vestment in basic science research. Throughout the 40-year, $1.1 billion project, the National Science Founda-tion withstood harsh criticism about their funding to support the detection of gravitational waves that were thought to be undetectable on Earth. But it was NSF’s commitment to basic science research and the dedication of Dr. Rainer Weiss of MIT, Dr. Kip Thorne of Caltech, Dr. Ronald Drever of the University of Glasgow, and an international team of scientists that has made yesterday’s announcement possible. This discovery is a triumph for science and a testament to the payoff of long-term public investment in basic science research. It further illuminates our understanding of the universe and opens the door for a whole new way of peering into the cosmos. I congratulate all those involved in turning on the sound to the stars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.000 S12FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES886 February 12, 2016 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL: S. Con. Res. 31. A concurrent resolution providing for a conditional adjournment or recess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 579 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 579, a bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the In-spectors General, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 31—PROVIDING FOR A CON-DITIONAL ADJOURNMENT OR RE-CESS OF THE SENATE AND AN ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing concurrent resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 31 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That when the Sen-ate recesses or adjourns on any day from Thursday, February 11, 2016, through Satur-day, February 20, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand re-cessed or adjourned until 12:00 noon on Mon-day, February 22, 2016, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to re-cess or adjourn, or until the time of any re-assembly pursuant to section 2 of this con-current resolution, whichever occurs first; and that when the House adjourns on any legislative day from Friday, February 12, 2016, through Tuesday, February 16, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his des-ignee, it stand adjourned until 2:00 p.m. on Tuesday, February 23, 2016, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 3 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. S
EC. 2. (a) The Majority Leader of the Sen-ate or his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall no-tify the Members of the Senate to reassem-ble at such place and time as he may des-ignate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. (b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-section (a), when the Senate adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the Senate shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. SEC. 3. (a) The Speaker or his designee, after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. (b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 153, 148, 204, 263, 329, 375, and 421. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years; Azita Raji, of Cali-fornia, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the King-dom of Sweden; Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be Legal Adviser of the Department of State; Samuel D. Heins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the King-dom of Norway; John L. Estrada, of Florida, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of Trinidad and Tobago; Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Ambassador, to be an Under Secretary of State (Political Af-fairs); and David McKean, of Massachu-setts, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Luxembourg. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the nomi-nations. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. If there is no further debate, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Sabharwal, Raji, Egan, Heins, Estrada, Shannon, and McKean nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senate will now resume leg-islative session. 
f 
DESIGNATING ‘‘LIU XIAOBO PLAZA’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of S. 2451 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2451) to designate the area be-tween the intersections of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, North-west and International Place, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza,’’ and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and that the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no in-tervening action or debate. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there further debate on the bill? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2451) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 2451 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION OF LIU XIAOBO PLAZA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF PLAZA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The area between the intersections of International Drive, North-west and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, Northwest and Inter-national Place, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, shall be known and designated as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the area referred to in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to Liu Xiaobo Plaza. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF ADDRESS .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The address of 3505 Inter-national Place, Northwest, Washington, Dis-trict of Columbia, shall be redesignated as 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.002 S12FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S887 February 12, 2016 
record of the United States to the address re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza. (c) S
IGNS.—The Administrator of General Services shall construct street signs that shall— (1) contain the phrase ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’; (2) be similar in design to the signs used by Washington, District of Columbia, to des-ignate the location of Metro stations; and (3) be placed on— (A) the parcel of Federal property that is closest to 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza (as redesig-nated by subsection (b)); and (B) the street corners of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, North-west and International Place, Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CONDITIONAL ADJOURNMENT OR RECESS OF THE SENATE AND AN ADJOURN-MENT OF THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 31. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the concur-rent resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 31) providing for a conditional adjournment or recess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 31) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the major-ity leader, the junior Senator from Alaska, and the junior Senator from Missouri be authorized to sign duly-en-rolled bills or joint resolutions on Fri-day, February 12, through Monday, February 22. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2016, THROUGH MONDAY, FEB-RUARY 22, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, February 15, at 11 a.m.; Thursday, Feb-ruary 18, at 9 a.m.; I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, February 18, it next convene at 3 p.m., Monday, February 22, unless the Sen-ate receives a message from the House that it has adopted S. Con. Res. 31, and that if the Senate receives such a mes-sage, it stand adjourned until 3 p.m., Monday, February 22; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be re-served for their use later in the day; I ask that following the prayer and pledge, Senator COONS be recognized to deliver Washington’s Farewell Address; further, that following the reading of Washington’s Farewell Address, the Senate be in a period of morning busi-ness until 5:30 p.m., with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
CONDITIONAL ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2016, AT 11 A.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 10:19 a.m., conditionally adjourned until Monday, February 15, 2016, at 11 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate February 12, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
AZITA RAJI, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF SWEDEN. 
INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND  
SUNIL SABHARWAL, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ALTERNATE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
BRIAN JAMES EGAN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE LEGAL AD-VISER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE. SAMUEL D. HEINS, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY. JOHN L. ESTRADA, OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TRIN-IDAD AND TOBAGO. THOMAS A. SHANNON, JR., OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CAREER AMBASSADOR, TO BE AN UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE (POLITICAL AFFAIRS). DAVID MCKEAN, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO LUXEMBOURG. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.004 S12FEPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE173 February 12, 2016 
VETERANS EMPLOYMENT, EDU-CATION, AND HEALTHCARE IM-PROVEMENT ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 9, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to The Veterans Employment, Edu-cation, and Health Care Improvement Act (H.R. 3016). H.R. 3016 includes important bipartisan leg-islation to improve the health and opportunities of veterans. This legislation will include podia-trists within the Department of Veterans Affairs definition of physician, extending the same promotions and leadership positions within the VA as other physicians. H.R. 3016 also in-cludes numerous standalone bills that will im-prove the quality of health care and economic opportunity for veterans, including establishing the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Tran-sition Administration. I wholeheartedly support these key provisions of H.R. 3016, but the pay is unacceptable for our brave service mem-bers and their families. When our brave women and men signed up to serve, we made them a promise. We as-sured them clearly defined benefits that were guaranteed to them upon completion of their duties. H.R. 3016 as currently written breaks that promise. Not only does it harm the stu-dents who depend on these housing allow-ances to attend school, it says to our service members that the terms of the deal they made with their government have been changed without their knowledge or consent. It is es-sential that Americans know exactly what their service to their country entitles them to. Pas-sage of this legislation will severely undermine that agreement. Title III of this legislation will reduce by fifty percent the housing allowance provided to children who have had Post-99/11 GI Bill ben-efits transferred to them. This cut will begin one hundred and eighty days after the enact-ment of H.R. 3016. Furthermore, the legisla-tion provides no grandfather clause that will exempt the families of current service mem-bers from this harmful cut. Again, I support the important provisions of this legislation that will improve the lives of our veterans, and I remain committed to working in a bipartisan fashion to see these enacted. However, I cannot support legislation that is paid for by breaking a promise to our vet-erans. When Americans sign up to serve, they must be certain that the benefits guaranteed to them will be waiting when they return home. As Members of Congress, upholding this com-mitment is one of our most important duties. SAFE DRINKING WATER ACT IM-PROVED COMPLIANCE AWARE-NESS ACT SPEECH OF  
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4470, the Safe Drinking Water Act Improved Compliance Act. This legislation will help ensure no community in America ever experiences what is happening in Flint by en-suring that federal and state regulators promptly notify a local community if there are elevated levels of lead in their water systems. Specifically, the bill requires the Environ-mental Protection Agency (EPA) to notify a local water system if EPA receives data indi-cating high lead levels in the water. The local water system must immediately notify their customers, and if they do not act quickly then EPA must notify local residents themselves. It is critical that a community is immediately notified when there is a problem with their drinking water. Transparency is essential to ensuring water lead contamination never poi-sons another community, and this bill helps us achieve this important goal. The facts about the Flint crisis are being gathered right now through multiple investiga-tions, and every person responsible must be held accountable for the lack of appropriate action. Government at every level failed the people of Flint, but this is a man-made dis-aster led by the state of Michigan, and we must take action at the federal level to prevent this from ever happening again. Every Member of the Michigan delegation co-sponsored this bill, and we thank our col-leagues Congressman K
ILDEE and Congress-man U
PTON for their good work on it. This is an example of what can happen when we work together to solve the problems facing our nation, and we need more of it. Clean water is one of the most fundamental, basic rights we should guarantee anyone living in America. I urge all of my colleagues to support this critical legislation. 
f 
HONORING REPRESENTATIVE MICHAEL GARVER ‘‘MIKE’’ OXLEY 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 11, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to honor and remember former Representative Mike Oxley who we lost last month. Today would have been his 72nd birthday, so our presence here tonight is a wonderful way to commemorate his life of service. I remember Mike most for his big smile, which could be seen from across the Chamber, and his love for his wife Patricia and his son Chadd. Mr. Oxley grew up understanding the impor-tance of service to his country, which he car-ried out to the very end. He started his career working as a Federal Bureau of Investigations agent in Boston and New York City. He fre-quently noted this experience directed his Congressional decisions and that set him apart from other Members. He returned to his hometown of Findlay— Flag City—in 1972 to begin his career in elect-ed office when he won a seat in the Ohio House. For a decade he sharpened and honed his legislative expertise, serving him well for the next chapter of his life. In 1981, he won a special election to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives. I remember Mike relished working with his fellow Ohio delegation, especially the late Representative Paul Gillmor. Mr. Oxley dedi-cated his years of federal service to reforming our banking and financial laws. As the Chair-man of the Committee on Financial Services, from 2001 to 2006, Ox demonstrated his lead-ership of Congress’ response during very trou-blesome financial times following the tech bub-ble struggles of the early 2000s, Wall Street turmoil that followed the 9/11 attacks and cor-porate scandals including Enron. While Mr. Oxley and I were often on opposite sides, I will always remember him as jovial, collegial, and someone who had a great passion for public service. I was proud to work with him on the Base Realignment and Closure Commission as we stopped a Pentagon recommendation to re-duce the size of the Joint Systems Manufac-turing Center in Lima. This effort saved the jobs of 750 people who continue to manufac-ture tanks and sections of armored vehicles, including the best Army tank in the world, the Abrams. I was saddened when I learned that Mr. Oxley had been diagnosed with lung cancer. In his fight against cancer, he demonstrated his true spirit, and his eternal dedication to service by joining the Lung Cancer Alliance in 2010. Always fighting for others even amidst his own battle, he became the Board Chair-man in January of 2014. It was an honor and privilege to serve with him and to pay tribute to his life. May his soul rest in peace and may his family be comforted by the memories they share of their times to-gether and the joy he brought to living. f 
BORDER TO BORDER BROADBAND: BETTER TOGETHER 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my Minnesota colleague Congressman C
OLLIN PETERSON , to recognize the Blandin Foundation and all they do for rural Min-nesota, and particularly for their efforts to pro-vide broadband internet service to all Min-nesotans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12FE8.001 E12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE174 February 12, 2016 
I was honored to recently speak at the ‘Bor-der to Border Broadband: Better Together’ conference, which was sponsored by the Blandin Foundation and the Minnesota Office of Broadband Development. More than 170 participants came together and agreed on a vision statement for the future of broadband of Minnesota. Today, Congressman P
ETERSON  and I rise in strong support of that vision, which states that ‘‘All Minnesotans will be able to use convenient, affordable world class broadband networks that enable us to survive and thrive in our communities and across the globe.’’ The fact is, we need high-speed broadband in our rural communities. It’s a necessity re-quired to help grow our small town rural econ-omy and compete, start new businesses, cre-ate new jobs, attract new people and mod-ernize the education and health care services so essential to quality of life. Across our ex-pansive and diverse district the Blandin Foun-dation is working hard to make sure rural com-munities have access to world-class high- speed broadband internet. Once again, we would like to thank the Blandin Foundation for all they do to strength-en rural Minnesota through their many impor-tant programs, in addition to their work on rural broadband. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT C. MORALES 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr. Robert C. Morales. Mr. Morales passed away on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 9, 2016. He was well known in Van Horn, Texas for his outstanding leadership in the community. Not only did he provide Van Horn with a timely and reliable news source, but he also mentored unemployed youth, played the organ at Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Church, and was a member of a local band, Los Pecadores. Mr. Morales also served on the Culberson-Allamoore ISD School Board, Culberson County Property Tax Ap-praisal District Board, and the Town of Van Horn Zoning Board. Mr. Morales was raised in Van Horn, grad-uated from Van Horn High School in 1976, and earned a college degree from the Univer-sity of Texas at Austin. After graduation, he worked for the Laredo Morning News and the City of Laredo, later accepting jobs at Enron and Dr Pepper. His contributions to the town of Van Horn and the 23rd Congressional Dis-trict of Texas have been integral to the com-munity and will not be forgotten. On behalf of the 23rd Congressional District of Texas, I thank Mr. Morales for his involvement in Van Horn and his dedication to serving others. May he rest in peace. RECOGNIZING MRS. JUANITA PAYNE-GALBREATH AS THE OKALOOSA COUNTY, FLORIDA, EDUCATION SUPPORT PROFES-SIONAL OF THE YEAR HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Mrs. Juanita Payne-Galbreath as the Okaloosa County, Florida, Education Support Professional of the Year. Mrs. Payne- Galbreath has proven to be a truly exceptional mentor whose impact extends far beyond her students, and I am proud to recognize her success and outstanding achievements. Mrs. Payne-Galbreath graduated from Niceville High School before attending Pensa-cola Junior College. After completing her stud-ies, Mrs. Payne-Galbreath joined the Okaloosa County School District, where she has served thousands of students over the last 18 years and has filled numerous important roles. She began her education career at Combs New Heights as an assistant, lunchroom monitor, and Exceptional Student Education classroom assistant, before continuing her career at Fort Walton Beach High School where she worked for five years in several capacities. She then moved to her current position at Crestview High School, where she is as an ESE para-professional. Outside of school, Mrs. Payne-Galbreath—a loving wife to her husband, Joshua and moth-er to their ten children—still finds time to serve Okaloosa County students, going far above and beyond the core responsibilities of her job. Her dedication to the students of Okaloosa County and her community is exem-plified by the ‘‘Showers of Blessings Nook,’’ a service she created that provides high school students and their families basic needs such as—shoes, toiletries, and food gift cards. Northwest Florida is grateful to have such a compassionate individual working with our youth. Without question, her tangible contribu-tions to her students are appreciated. It is Mrs. Payne-Galbreath’s love, faith, and nurturing character, however, for which we are most grateful. Mr. Speaker, the Okaloosa County Edu-cation Support Professional of the Year award is a true reflection of Mrs. Payne-Galbreath’s steadfast dedication to the students of Okaloosa County. I am privileged to recognize Juanita for her accomplishments and her con-tinuing commitment to excellence. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating her and thank-ing her for her dedication to serving the stu-dents, teachers, and families of the Northwest Florida community. We wish Mrs. Payne- Galbreath all the best for continued success. 
f 
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, ANTI-SEMI-TISM, AND RULE OF LAW IN THE OSCE 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about human rights crises in Eu-rope and Eurasia. With the collapse of the So-viet Union and end of the Cold War, many people expected that freedom, democracy, and peace, would spread throughout Europe and Eurasia. And yet now, the religious free-dom of Christians, and people of other faiths, is being regularly violated. Russia invaded its neighbor Ukraine, illegally annexed Crimea, and is fueling and funding violent proxies in the eastern Donbas region of that country. Deadly anti-Semitism is again stalking Euro-pean Jewish communities. The worst refugee and migrants’ crisis in Europe since World War II has engulfed the continent. Autocrats are using the law, and acting outside the law, to crush democratic opposition to their des-potism. Violent anti-Semitic attacks increased 100 to 400 percent in some European countries be-tween 2013 and 2014. Anti-Semitism, and the evil goal of killing Jewish people, is hardwired into ISIS and those it inspires. Perhaps no other group in Europe is more at risk from ISIS attacks than the European Jewish com-munity. That is why I authored House Resolu-tion 354 as a blueprint for vital actions that are needed to prevent another Paris, Brussels, or Copenhagen. The House of Representatives passed it unanimously and I intend to hold a hearing over the coming weeks to explore what is necessary to ensure these actions are taken. In Crimea, the occupying authorities have targeted and retaliated against the Crimean Tatar people for opposing the annexation and the rule that has followed. Crimean Tatars have been arrested, detained, interrogated, and sometimes charged with extremism, illegal assembly, or belonging to an unregistered reli-gious group. Religious minorities, including the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, have like-wise been repressed. Crimeans who opposed or oppose the Russian takeover of Crimea, or have been unwilling to seek a Russian pass-port, have been at risk of a crackdown. Re-strictions have proliferated, including even on the teaching of the Ukrainian language or ac-cess to Ukrainian culture. Repression is also rife in Azerbaijan. The Commission recently held a hearing on the terrible plight of political prisoners in Azer-baijan, particularly the imprisonment of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty journalist Khadija Ismayilova. According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, Azerbaijan leads all of the countries in Eurasia in jailing journalists. In 2015, the government imprisoned many well- known activists, including Anar Mammadli, the courageous head of EMDS, the leading elec-tion monitoring organization in Azerbaijan. He spoke the truth about the fraudulent 2013 presidential election and is still paying the price. I met with Anar’s father—a very gentle man—just a few months after Anar was ar-rested and saw how Anar’s family is suffering from this injustice. More than 40 years ago, all the countries of Europe, the United States, and Canada, formed the Conference on Security and Co-operation in Europe, to prevent and respond to these kinds of crises. This week, I chaired a hearing of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, the Helsinki Commis-sion, where we heard testimony from Ambas-sador Michael Link, Director of the OSCE’s Office of Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR). Mr. Speaker, his testimony was a reminder of the serious threats to European Jewish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12FE8.001 E12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE175 February 12, 2016 
communities, Christians and other religious minorities, and to the rule of law in Europe and Eurasia. We must remain vigilant and en-sure that the United States, as an original par-ticipating State of the OSCE, strongly supports the OSCE’s efforts to ensure European Jewish communities are safe and secure, that Chris-tians and other religious minorities are free to fully practice their faith, and that the rule of law prevails. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIFELONG EDUCA-TOR DR. AUBREY W. BONNETT 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Dr. Aubrey W. Bonnett, a resident of New York’s Fourth Congressional District and a life-long educator. Throughout his 43-year career in higher education, Dr. Bonnett has achieved tremen-dous success as a scholar of immigration, race, sociology and diasporic studies, particu-larly with relation to our nation’s vibrant Afri-can American, West Indian and Caribbean communities. Dr. Bonnett currently serves as a professor emeritus in the department of American Stud-ies at the State University of New York (SUNY)—Old Westbury, where he also pre-viously served as the Vice President of Aca-demic Affairs and Provost. Dr. Bonnett is also the dean emeritus of the College of Social & Behavioral Sciences at the California State University—San Bernardino and was the first black Dean hired at the University. Having au-thored and coauthored four books and more than one hundred scholarly articles, Dr. Bonnett is truly one of the preeminent sociolo-gists in the state of New York. Dr. Bonnett has dedicated his life to exploring and shedding light on the immigrant experience in the United States, and as a native of British Guyana, he is a testament to the incredible and critical contributions that immigrants have made to American academia. I’d like to congratulate Dr. Bonnett on his re-tirement and on an incredible career. It is truly an honor to serve as his representative in Congress. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RUBEN GALLEGO 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and was not present for one roll call vote on Tuesday, February 9, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: Roll Call Vote Number 64—9/11 Memorial Act—yes. HONORING LAURIE HARKNESS, PH.D., ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleas-ure to rise today to join the many family, friends, and colleagues who have gathered as Dr. Laurie Harkness, founder and Director of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System’s Errera Community Care Center, celebrates her retirement after decades of dedicated service to our community’s veterans. To say that Laurie is a remarkable public servant is an understatement. During her ten-ure with the VA Connecticut Healthcare Sys-tem, Laurie has demonstrated an unparalleled commitment to ensuring that our veterans are receiving the best possible care and have ac-cess to the programs, services, and resources they need to live healthy, independent, ful-filling lives. While her contributions to veterans care are innumerable, the most well-known is the Errera Community Care Center which she founded more than twenty years ago. Over the course of its history, the Errera Center has evolved into one of the leading centers of innovation in psychosocial rehabili-tation and in the integration of the psycho-social and biomedical approaches. Serving veterans struggling with mental illness and/or substance abuse disorders, homelessness, and/or aging, the team of multidisciplinary mental health professionals at the Errera Cen-ter work together to provide an array of com-munity-based rehabilitative programs including day and crisis intervention programs, voca-tional programs, housing programs, homeless outreach and advocacy and case manage-ment programs. Providing a myriad of support to hundreds of veterans every year, the Errera Center has been nationally recognized for its exceptional model of care that emphasizes evidenced-based clinical programs provided in conjunction with a comprehensive network of community partnerships and repeatedly been awarded status as a VA Center of Excellence for the Care of Individuals with Mental Illness. Laurie’s work has also been recognized with numerous local, state and national awards and recognitions. She is the recipient of the Olin E. Teague Award, the highest VA clinical award given, as well as the distinguished Eli Lilly Lifetime Achievement Award for her work in developing programs that assist veterans with serious mental illnesses reintegrate back into their own communities. She has been recog-nized by Vietnam Veterans of America for her service and dedication to Vietnam veterans and their families and was awarded the ‘‘Ex-cellence in Community Mental Health Serv-ices’’ award from NAMI, the first non-MD re-cipient and first VA employee to be so hon-ored. Her legacy of service will serve as a standard for which to strive for generations to come. I would be remiss if I did not extend a per-sonal note of thanks to Laurie for her many years of guidance and assistance. Over my tenure in Congress, Laurie has been an in-valuable resource for myself, my staff, and my constituents. Her expertise, compassion, and leadership has made all the difference and I consider myself fortunate to have had so many opportunities to work with her. Laurie Harkness is a reflection of the very best in public service and her presence will certainly be missed by all of those fortunate enough to have worked with her as well as the countless veterans who have benefitted from her outstanding work. Today, as she reflects on her career with the VA, she can be proud of the indelible mark she has left on the agen-cy. It is my great honor to extend my heartfelt congratulations to Laurie as she celebrates her retirement and extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her for her many years of service. I wish her all the best for many more years of health and happiness as she enjoys her retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS FOUNDATION, IN-CORPORATED & THE 1976 CLASS OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 40th Anniversary of the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation, In-corporated (CBCF) and the 1976 Class of the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC). Estab-lished in 1976, this non-profit, non-partisan education and research institution was found-ed by Nira Hardon Long, Albert L. Nellum and Congresswoman Yvonne B. Burke (CA). The CBCF’s commitment to advancing the global black community by developing leaders, in-forming policy, and educating the public has not wavered and will remain steadfast for many years to come. One of the CBCF’s innovative initiatives is its virtual library project called ‘Avoice.’ Avoice: African American Voices in Congress launched in 2006 and has received over 27 million hits to date. Through this virtual portal people from around the world log onto the Avoice website to find out about the legislative work done by African American members of Congress. The CBCF and the CBC have collaborated for many years on policy issues that would up-lift the African American community in the United States including major laws like the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act and legislation that created the Martin Luther King, Jr. Holiday. Even before the CBCF or CBC were created, African American members of Congress, black civil rights leaders, and others have been on the forefront advocating for criminal justice reform, environmental justice, voting rights protection, and economic em-powerment for African Americans. Mr. Speaker, when CBCF was founded in 1976, there were 17 members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus Congress who stood to-gether to empower America’s neglected citi-zens and to address their legislative concerns. These members are—former Representa-tives Yvonne B. Burke (CA), Shirley A. Chis-holm (NY), William Clay, Sr. (MO), Cardiss W. Collins (IL), Charles C. Diggs, Jr. (MI), Ron Dellums (CA), Harold Ford, Sr. (TN), Augustus F. Hawkins (CA), Barbara C. Jordan (TX), Ralph H. Metcalfe (IL), Parren J. Mitchell (MD), Robert N.C. Nix, Sr. (PA), Louis Stokes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12FE8.004 E12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE176 February 12, 2016 
(OH), Andrew Young (GA), and our two distin-guished members still serving this institution— Representatives J
OHN CONYERS , JR. (MI) and C
HARLES B. R ANGEL (NY). Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the 40th Anniversary of the Con-gressional Black Caucus Foundation and the 1976 Class of the Congressional Black Cau-cus and recognizing their tremendous con-tributions to our nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL MARRIAGE WEEK 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge and recognize that this is Na-tional Marriage Week. The sacred vows that a man and woman exchange as a part of the sacrament of marriage have been part of our culture from the very beginning of humanity. It’s an institution that, over the centuries, has proven to be the best for raising a family, and creating self-sufficient and well-balanced chil-dren. However, this week as we celebrate Na-tional Marriage Week, I remain deeply con-cerned that this sacred institution is suffering in our country. More than half of all marriages in the United States end in divorce. Fewer couples are choosing to marry. And there are still large numbers of women having children out of wedlock. More than half of all babies born to women under the age of 30 are now born outside of marriage. Fifty years ago, that number was around 5 percent. While the culture we live in today is no doubt responsible for much of this shift, the government could be doing more to help this situation. Our laws do not encourage marriage, but in many cases, they also dis-courage marriage by imposing tax penalties on those who would like to marry. So, as we recognize the importance of mar-riage, I believe that it’s time that Congress re-move the government-imposed financial bar-riers—which is often called the marriage tax penalty—that too often make marriage a sec-ond choice for these couples. I am blessed to have been married to my wife, Caroline, for almost 22 years. Our part-nership is one of the great joys of my life. I am proud to recognize National Marriage Week and the institution of marriage here in the United States as well as around the world. 
f 
HONORING GEORGE PRESCOTT BUSH AND JOSE´ANTONIO MEADE KURIBREN˜A 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Texas Land Commissioner George Prescott Bush and Mexican Secretary of So-cial Development Jose´Antonio Meade Kuribren˜a, who have been recognized as the 2016 Sen˜or Internacional Award recipients by LULAC Council 12 in Laredo, Texas. For over 30 years, LULAC Council 12 has recognized Latinos on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico bor-der for their service to the community and ex-ceptional individual achievements. George P. Bush currently serves as the Texas Land Commissioner, a post in which he continues the public service legacy of the Bush family. Commissioner Bush was born in Houston, Texas, to former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Columba Garnica Gallo. After graduating from Rice University, Commis-sioner Bush worked as a public school teacher in Miami. He then went on to earn a Juris Doctorate from the University of Texas Law School. After attending law school, he co- founded a private equity firm, Pennybacker Capital LLC, and later founded an energy con-sulting firm, St. Augustine Partners. In 2007, Commissioner Bush joined the Naval Reserve and in 2010, he courageously served an eight-month tour of duty as an offi-cer in Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghan-istan. In 2014, he was elected Texas Land Commissioner, beginning his political career. Commissioner Bush prides himself on sup-porting our veterans, increasing funds for pub-lic education, and providing a path for the U.S. to become energy-independent. Secretary Jose´Antonio Meade was born in Mexico City, Mexico, and is an economist, lawyer, diplomat, and currently serves as Mexico’s Secretary of Social Development. He received his degree in Economics from the Instituto Tecnolo´gico Auto´nomo de Me´xico, one of Mexico’s preeminent institutions of higher learning. He continued his education at Universidad Nacional Auto´noma de Me´xico, where he studied law and also received his PhD in Economics from Yale University. He served as a professor at ITAM and Yale Uni-versity. He has received recognition for his re-search on Economic Analysis of the Law and has also been given the National Tlacaelel Award. Throughout his illustrious career, Secretary Meade has served his country in several im-portant posts such as: Chief Executive Officer of the National Bank for Rural Credit, Chief Executive Officer of Financiera Rural, Sec-retary of Energy, Secretary of Finance and Public Credit, and Secretary of Foreign Rela-tions. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have had this time to recognize Commissioner George Pres-cott Bush and Secretary Jose´Antonio Meade Kuribren˜a. f 
HONORING RALPH VERSCHOOR 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor the birthday of Mr. Ralph Verschoor, who will be ninety-five years old on February 20, 2016. In 1926, Ralph was born in Hot Springs, Ar-kansas. In 1930, he moved to Colorado with his family. His father then decided to move away from the cold and snowy Colorado area and ventured to Ceres, California. On May 3, 1944, Ralph’s life was forever changed when he was drafted into the U.S. Army where he served in the 503rd Airborne. He completed 16 weeks of basic training at Fort Bragg in North Carolina before he was transferred to Fort Benning, Georgia where he underwent parachute training. Despite being injured on his first jump he continued with the training and successfully received his wings. Before long, Ralph was sent to Fort Ord and then San Francisco, where he boarded a ship on a 31 day voyage to New Guinea. After de-parting New Guinea, Ralph travelled to the Philippines. There, in March 1946 on the Beach of Negros Island, he experienced com-bat for the first time. Ralph spent his time as a rifleman, but due to unfortunate cir-cumstances, his weapon malfunctioned. He was stuck with this weapon until the 1st Scout was wounded and they were able to trade weapons. At this point Ralph became 1st Scout and spent six weeks leading his troops into the jungle. Requested by his Captain to become a combat medic, Ralph was tasked with giving first aid to his wounded comrades. He witnessed many traumatizing events in his line of duty that he will never forget. The war ended in the summer of 1945. Ralph, as a combat medic, was asked to trav-el to Hiroshima, Japan to study radiation burns. After a six month stay, he was sent to Sendai, Japan to join a medical team aiding in the treatment of those exposed to commu-nicable diseases. Upon returning from the war in 1946, Ralph made his way back home to California, settling in Escalon, where he has resided for the last 70 years. Ralph was elect-ed to the Escalon City Council in 1957, and later served as Mayor. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Ralph Verschoor for his 95th birthday and out-standing contributions to the community of Escalon as well as our country. f 
RECOGNIZING MEAGAN WARREN, FOUNDER OF BOOKS FOR BED-TIME, FROM BEXLEY, OHIO 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the residents of the Third Congressional District of Ohio, I am pleased to commend Meagan War-ren for being recognized by the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards as ‘‘Ohio’s Top Youth Volunteer’’ in 2016. A seventh-grade student at Bexley Middle School in my district, Meagan has always been an avid reader. For Meagan, who learned to read when she was two years old, it is hard to imagine not having a book within arm’s reach, especially at bedtime. Unfortunately, many children her age do not have the same fortune. One night, while reading in bed, Meagan thought about other children her age that had no books to read. She committed herself to doing something about it. Meagan’s late-night inspiration spurred her into action and, with the help of her family, she founded Books for Bedtime, a nonprofit organization that has collected more than 14,000 books from neighbors and local busi-nesses for low-income children since 2014. Books for Bedtime’s mission is simple: to distribute books to low-income children and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12FE8.006 E12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE177 February 12, 2016 
instill the ‘‘magic of reading’’ in Columbus-area students. Meagan’s unbridled passion for reading and service has impacted countless children and families in Central Ohio. Today, I commend Meagan Warren on this well-deserved recognition as ‘‘Ohio’s Top Youth Volunteer’’ and thank her for making Columbus the place we are all proud to call ‘‘home.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. THERESA (TEESEE) FAMBRO HOOKS 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to pay tribute to a personal friend who was an outstanding award winning col-umnist and photographer for the Chicago Daily Defender Newspaper. In addition to her out-standing work at the Defender Newspapers as a woman’s editor and society columnist, Teesee published articles about community events and social activities. She was indeed a social activist and involved herself in many or-ganizations such as the Westside Association for Community Action where I was also ac-tively involved. Teesee started working with the Chicago Defender Newspaper in 1961 and although she may have retired, she never quit. While Teesee was comprehensive in her approach to journalism, she was totally dedicated to issues involving women and girls. Theresa Fambro Hooks was known to the world as ‘‘Teesee,’’ the socialite who traveled the world highlighting the lives and achieve-ments of others put her in a class by herself. When your name appeared in Teesee’s col-umn, you knew that you had arrived. Family and friends of Teesee Frambo Hooks, you have our condolences and may she rest in peace. 
f 
DR. E. ANN M CGEE—A TRIBUTE TO TWO DECADES OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO SEMINOLE STATE COLLEGE 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of Dr. E. Ann McGee of Seminole State College in the 7th Congressional District. Dr. McGee is the second president and first woman to head the college in its half-century history. This year marks her 20th anniversary of leading Seminole State College in Central Florida. The tenure of this education leader has been highlighted by the impressive expan-sion and positive development at this out-standing educational institution. Not only has she led the college, her work in the community and contributions to higher education in our region and state have set a standard for all to follow. Dr. McGee’s two decades at the helm of Seminole State College have seen the college go from one to six locations, begin offering four year bachelor’s degrees and grow to be-come the eighth largest college in the 28-col-lege Florida College System. Currently, over 30,000 students attend Seminole State Col-lege each year. Her initiative and vision for the future have helped pioneer the DirectConnect to UCF pro-gram that has become a national model for making four year degrees more affordable and accessible. She has also partnered with Semi-nole County Public Schools to reduce the number of incoming freshman in need of re-medial math classes from 78 percent to just 15 percent. Dr. McGee grew up in Largo, Florida and is a graduate of St. Petersburg College. She has earned a Bachelor’s in Speech and a Master’s in Communication from Florida State Univer-sity, as well as a Doctorate in Education Ad-ministration from Nova Southeastern Univer-sity. Dr. McGee is a respected professional in the education field, having been recognized widely for her work as President of Seminole State College as well as former Chair of the Florida College System Foundation and a trustee of the Phi Theta Kappa Foundation. She is also a board member of the Higher Education Research & Development Council, the American Association of Community Col-leges and the Metro-Orlando Economic Devel-opment Commission. She has been recognized far and wide for her many successes, having received the At-lantic Institute Central Florida Global Vision and Education Award, the Metro Orlando Eco-nomic Development Commission’s James B. Greene Economic Development Award, the Women’s Executive Council of Orlando’s Women of Achievement in Education Award, Phi Theta Kappa International’s President’s Council Gold Medallion, the Orlando Business Journal’s Publisher’s Award, St. Petersburg College ‘‘Most Outstanding Graduate’’ Award, the Association of Community College Trust-ees Marie Y. Martin ‘‘Top CEO’’ Award, Phi Theta Kappa’s Shirley B. Gordon Award of Distinction and the Seminole County Chamber of Commerce Lifetime Achievement Award. Dr. McGee’s contributions to our community and to the lives of thousands of students and young professionals across Central Florida cannot be understated. I ask my colleagues from Florida and Members to join in congratu-lating Dr. E. Ann McGee as we pay tribute to her two decades of outstanding service and dedication to Seminole State College. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 75TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE PEORIA COUN-TY SOIL & WATER CONSERVA-TION DISTRICT 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Peoria County Soil & Water Conservation District (SWCD) on achieving their 75th anniversary. Authorized under the District Act of 1937, the public servants of SWCD have assisted Peoria County landowners in promoting a healthy Midwestern ecosystem to ensure the mitigation of soil erosion and promotion of im-proved water quality and wildlife habitat for seventy-five years. Because of their sustained efforts in ecology and education, the local ag-ricultural community continues to produce higher quality crops. By playing an active role within our agrarian society, residents of Peoria County have the ability to take advantage of beneficial pro-grams. The Conservation Practices Program (CPP) allows residents who undergo a project to benefit our land and water resources re-ceive up to $6,000 from the SWCD to com-plete the project. In addition, for those who wish to learn more about the advantages of conservation, the SWCD promotes the Gilles Family Tours in which participants tour a fam-ily farm and discover the values of conserva-tion. As a native of Peoria County, I consider my-self fortunate that our county has the SWCD as a resource. Congratulations Peoria County Soil & Water Conservation District on a pros-perous seventy-five years and I wish it many more years of success. f 
HONORING JOSE´ANTONIO MEADE KURIBREN˜A 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mexican Secretary of Social Develop-ment Jose´Antonio Meade Kuribren˜a, who has been recognized as a 2016 Sen ˜ior Internacional Award recipient by the LULAC Council 12 in Laredo, Texas. For over 30 years, LULAC Council 12 has recognized Latinos on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico bor-der for their service to the community and ex-ceptional individual achievements. Secretary Jose´Antonio Meade was born in Mexico City, Mexico, and is an economist, lawyer, diplomat and currently serves as Mexi-co’s Secretary of Social Development. He re-ceived his degree in Economics from the Instituto Tecnolo´gico Auto´nomo de Me´xico one of Mexico’s preeminent institutions of higher learning. He continued his education at Universidad Nacional Auto´noma de Me´xico, where he studied law and also received his PhD in Economics from Yale University. He served as a professor at ITAM and Yale Uni-versity. He has received recognition for his re-search on Economic Analysis of the Law and has also been given the National Tlacae ´lel Award. Throughout his illustrious career, Secretary Meade has served his country in several im-portant posts such as: Chief Executive Officer of the National Bank for Rural Credit, Chief Executive Officer of Financiera Rural, Sec-retary of Energy, Secretary of Finance and Public Credit, and Secretary of Foreign Rela-tions. Secretary Meade, has proven to be a strong advocate for the well-being of others. He has worked towards eliminating poverty, advanced food and nutritional programs, and has helped to create employment opportunities for those in need. His career serves as an example of what someone can accomplish through hard work and perseverance. He is an inspiration to many and it is my hope that others follow in his path. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12FE8.010 E12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE178 February 12, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have had this time to recognize Secretary Jose´Antonio Meade Kuribren˜a. 
f 
CONDOLENCES TO TAIWAN 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following letter: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 12, 2016. Hon. A
MBASSADOR SHEN, Washington, DC. D
EAR AMBASSADOR SHEN: I write to you today to send my condolences for the loss of precious human lives and destruction caused by the earthquake in the city of Tainan on Saturday, February 6, 2016. Our nations share a long and rich relationship that makes our respective nations stronger, and facilitates the spread of the benefits of lib-erty throughout the world. Through trade and the promotion of peace-ful resolutions in the Asia-Pacific region, Taiwan has become a trusted ally of the United States. I firmly believe that our bond is stronger than ever. In this time of tragedy and loss, know that our citizens grieve with yours. Our hearts and prayers are with you, and we stand ready to offer assistance and our continued friendship as you mourn and recover. Sincerely, S
TEVE KING, Member of Congress. f 
TRIBUTE TO ABIGAYIL CLARK 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks in honor of Abigayil Clark, a Bland County High School senior who has also been with the Bland Fire Department for a little more than two years. Remarkably, this young woman recently saved the life of a fellow fire-fighter, Zeke Harman. The Bland County Messenger newspaper reports that around midnight on January 21, the two were among a group of firefighters re-sponding to a fatal house fire. Harman began attacking the fire with the heavy fire hose, with Clark close behind. All of a sudden, Clark says, Harman abruptly turned off the hose be-fore stumbling a few steps and falling directly into the fire. Clark attempted to help Harman out of the fire, but quickly realized he was not going to get up on his own. She then picked him up and carried him approximately 15 feet before taking off their masks. Upon doing so, she ob-served that Harman was unconscious and not breathing. She was preparing to begin per-forming CPR when Harman regained con-sciousness. Harman and Clark then recognized they were close enough to the burning residence that, if it were to collapse, they both would be injured. Clark again picked up Harman and helped get them both to safety. ‘‘If it wasn’t for her, I don’t know what I would have done, honestly,’’ Harman said. ‘‘I’m grateful, very, very grateful.’’ The newspaper reports Harman’s tests at the Wythe County Community Hospital came back normal, and that both returned to running calls as members of the Bland County fire and rescue squads the very next day. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending Abigayil Clark for her bravery in this situation. It is clear this young woman responded in fine fashion, and truly rose to the occasion. I thank her for her efforts, and also thank Zeke Harman, their fellow firefighters, and other emergency personnel for their im-portant work to help keep safe those in their communities. f 
HONORING HARRISON COLBERT 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Harrison Colbert from Steelville, Missouri for earning the rank of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout Award is the highest honor attainable in Boy Scouts. Only a small percentage of Boy Scouts reach the level of Eagle Scout, which requires years of dedicated effort. Community service, leadership, and family values are the most important aspects of scouting, and are essential to becoming an Eagle Scout. After winning a difficult battle with cancer seven years ago, Harrison grew from this struggle into the exceptional young man he is today. He is a proud American, a helpful, honorable citizen, a strong Christian, and a leader by example. Harrison’s Eagle Scout project involved collecting photos of tombstones in the Steelville Cemetery and uploading them to an online data base, known as Billion Graves, accessible to the public so individuals could locate their loved ones. Prior to his project, the Steelville Cemetery had no records of who was buried where, or any list-ing of the deceased whatsoever. Harrison’s contributions and commitment to the Steelville community have helped prepare him as a leader who will excel in his future collegiate and professional careers. It is my great pleasure to congratulate Har-rison Colbert on his accomplishment of be-coming an Eagle Scout before the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF LEGISLATION TO EXPAND EMPLOYEE OWNER-SHIP 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, today Congressman C
OLLIN PETERSON and I intro-duced legislation that will expand employee ownership throughout America. This legislation is a bold proposal that, if enacted, will put management and labor on the same side, thus fostering cooperation rather than conflict. President Jefferson recognized ownership of private property as the keystone of a free soci-ety. Only a few decades after Jefferson’s pres-idency, Abraham Lincoln pushed for, and Con-gress delivered, the Homestead Act of 1862, which has proven to be one of the most im-portant manifestations of Jefferson’s vision for broad-based ownership of property. More re-cently, President Reagan supported employee stock ownership, labeling it ‘‘the next logical step . . . a path that benefits a free people.’’ The belief that all citizens should be able to acquire property and wealth made our country the envy of the world. This legislation is con-sistent with the vision of our founding fathers because it empowers employees—not just a select few at the top of the management struc-ture—to share in the development, success, and profits of a company. Our proposal would enhance accountability, productivity, and pros-perity by making sure all employees—both in-side and outside of management—keep an eye toward the long-term interests of their company. Our proposal would provide certain tax ben-efits to employees who are recipients of a broad distribution of voting company stock, so long as that stock is held for a specified amount of time. Specifically, when an em-ployer makes an across-the-board distribution of voting stock, the value of the grant would not be counted as an employee’s taxable in-come, provided that the same number of shares is granted to every employee and the stock is held for five years. If held for ten years, employee stockholders can begin to sell or exchange a portion of their stock for other similarly-priced stock free of capital gains. Thus, after 20 years, the stock would be totally tax free. The provisions of this bill are carefully craft-ed to allow for the empowerment of employ-ees and the diversification of an employee’s portfolio. The phase-in of the capital-gains-free treatment is meant to ensure that the com-pany stock will not simply be dumped all at once. One of the most important aspects of my bill is that it would, unlike traditional ESOPs, allow employees to directly own the stock granted to them, including all voting rights granted to any other normal stockholder. This would empower employees to exercise oversight of their man-agers in an enlightened and responsible man-ner, and create a spirit of corporate unity rath-er than the adversarial labor-versus-manage-ment environment that is all too pervasive in corporate America today. It also gives the American working people the chance to ben-efit not just from physical and mental labor, but to profit from capital—from corporate in-come, as well as their own time and energy. I ask my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation and let us lead the way forward to prosperity for millions of Americans in the years to come. f 
HONORING JUNE JESSEE 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in honor of June Jessee, the daughter of Matt and Genny Jessee who passed away earlier this month at the age of three. Soon after June was born, she was diag-nosed with a catastrophic form of epilepsy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12FE8.014 E12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE179 February 12, 2016 
found in babies, causing her to have dozens of seizures a day and severely stunting her cognitive development. After learning of a promising new treatment therapy, that uses cannabidiol derived from marijuana, Matt and Genny became hopeful. The treatment, however, was not legal in their home state of Missouri and the Jessee family moved to Colorado. In the meantime, Matt took their family’s story to state lawmakers and last fall the state legalized cannabidiol for seizure patients and the family was able to move back home to Missouri. Currently, federal law prohibits the medical use of this treatment. I am supportive of fed-eral legislation like the Charlotte’s Web Med-ical Hemp Act, that would allow for cannabidiol therapy to become more accessible for chil-dren like June. June’s story has brought to light the lack of treatment options for children who suffer from epileptic seizures, and she will be missed by many. I continue to keep the Jessee family in my thoughts and prayers and will continue to advocate for research into this important area. 
f 
ILLINOIS 18TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT SERVICE ACADEMY NOMINEES 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to proudly announce the service academy nominees for Illinois’ 18th congressional dis-trict. Twenty-two remarkable individuals have been selected for admittance into the U.S. Military Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, or U.S. Air Force Academy. These young men and women have gone through a rigorous and competitive application process, making them the most impressive and outstanding group of individuals. This group gives me confidence in America’s future. I would like to thank the members of our se-lection panel including veterans and commu-nity leaders who volunteered their time, tal-ents, and attention to this process. I would also like to thank the parents for raising these exceptional young adults. Finally, I would like to thank the nominees themselves for their dedication to serving this great nation. The Illinois 18th congressional district serv-ice academy nominees are: Randy Meneweather II of Washington, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy; Matthew Helmich of Virginia, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy; Mason Pohlman of Jacksonville, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy; Joseph McCabe III of Morton, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy; Ashton Williams of Springfield, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy; Eric Betts of Camp Point, IL, U.S. Military Acad-emy; Maximilian Rawls of Dunlap IL, U.S. Mili-tary Academy; Jace Taliaferrero of Pleasant Hill, IL, U.S. Military Academy; Jacob Lowman of Nauvoo, IL, U.S. Military Academy; Elias Sanchez of Green Valley, IL, U.S. Military Academy; Bradley Novak of Brimfield, IL, U.S. Military Academy; Jeston Rademaker of Mapleton, IL, U.S. Military Academy; William Lucie of Basco, IL, U.S. Military Academy; Morgan Riley of Peoria, IL, U.S. Naval Acad-emy; Jacob Armbrecht of Springfield, IL, U.S. Naval Academy; Nathaniel Fierstos of Spring-field, IL, U.S. Naval Academy; Spencer Myers of Golden, IL, U.S. Naval Academy; Reed Groesch of Springfield, IL, U.S. Naval Acad-emy; Tucker Schmidt of Petersburg, IL, U.S. Naval Academy; August Will of Hudson, IL, U.S. Naval Academy; Faith Kim of Wash-ington, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Naval Academy; Kelsie Taylor of Pekin, IL, U.S. Air Force Academy, U.S. Naval Acad-emy, U.S. Military Academy. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF HADLEY ROFF 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Hadley Roff, a proud San Franciscan, beloved friend, and deeply respected and be-loved public servant, who passed away last month at the age of 85. Hadley was the hallmark of the era when re-porters walked the beat in search of stories that touched the communities they served. Learning from and listening to citizens as a newspaper reporter informed Hadley’s public service career in San Francisco City Hall and in the Congress. As a Santa Cruz native, Hadley remained committed to the Bay Area throughout his life. After graduating from Stanford University in 1954, Hadley became a journalist for the News, the Call Bulletin, and, later, the Exam-iner. For Hadley, exercising freedom of the press was his first foray into a lifetime of pub-lic service. In 1967, Hadley embarked on decades of service in San Francisco City Hall when he became Mayor Joe Alioto’s press secretary. A few years later, in 1970, Hadley moved to the nation’s capital where he served the peo-ple of California working for Senator John Tunney of California. In 1972, Hadley worked on the presidential campaign of Senator Ed Muskie of Maine. Hadley also served as press secretary to the liberal lion, the late Senator Ted Kennedy. Hadley never lost his passion for improving the lives of Bay Area residents. In 1979, he returned to San Francisco to serve as deputy mayor to then-Mayor Dianne Feinstein. After nearly a decade of service to Mayor Feinstein, Hadley remained a fixture at City Hall during the Administrations of San Francisco Mayors Art Agnos and Frank Jordan. A true public servant, Hadley strived to meet the needs of local residents under four very different San Francisco mayors, with four very different personalities, and governing styles. Mayors called upon Hadley to confront chal-lenges and create solutions while treating ev-eryone with respect and dignity. He served as president of the San Fran-cisco Fire Commission and Director of the San Francisco Urban Institute. He may have been the most popular and widely loved public fig-ure in San Francisco over the past fifty years. We were all thrilled when Hadley’s dear friend, the late Susie Trommald, became his wife. Susie and Hadley shared a zest for life that inspired others to take notice. In their 30 years of marriage, they brought joy and pleas-ure to any gathering, and to their many friends. It was an honor for many of us to join Hadley in a celebration of Susie’s life after her passing. I hope it is a comfort to Hadley’s two sons, Jim and Tim, his devoted brother-in-law Elliott and his dearest friends that so many join them in mourning Hadley’s passing and celebrating his life. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $18,991,325,677,268.42. We’ve added $8,364,448,628,355.34 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 46, I was speaking with constituents and unintentionally missed the vote on roll call No. 46, H.R. 2187, the Fair Investment Opportuni-ties for Professional Experts Act. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, on Roll Call Number 46 on suspending the rules and passing H.R. 2187 the Fair Invest-ment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act, I am not recorded because I was de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 47 on suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4168 the Small Business Capital Formation En-hancement Act, I am not recorded because I was detained. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 48 on or-dering the Previous Question on H. Res. 594—the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3700—Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE8.019 E12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE180 February 12, 2016 
HONORING AMANDA WEINSTEIN 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Amanda Weinstein, a young student from my district who was re-cently recognized for exemplary volunteer service. Amanda was named one of the top honorees in Florida by the 2016 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, an an-nual honor given to the most impressive stu-dent volunteers throughout our Nation. Currently a senior at North Broward Pre-paratory School, Amanda founded the ‘‘Family Central Teen Advisory Board’’ in 2013. Since then, she has encouraged fifty teens to share in her mission to assist the parent organization Family Central, a nonprofit that helps children and families in need. Amanda, who had been volunteering with Family Central for ten years, organizes toy, food, clothing and school sup-ply drives, and has also created a tutoring and mentoring program. Among thousands of volunteers who partici-pated in this year’s program, Amanda’s dedi-cation and strive for excellence stood out as exceptional. I applaud Amanda for her initia-tive in seeking to make our community a bet-ter place to live. I happily congratulate Amanda and wish her the best of luck in her future academic and community pursuits. It is with great pleasure that I honor her, and I know that she will con-tinue to inspire young South Floridians to live by her example. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SAINT MARY’S COLLEGE OF CALI-FORNIA MEN’S RUGBY TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2015 DIVISION 1A RUGBY NATIONAL CHAMPION-SHIP 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with Congressman S
WALWELL to con- gratulate the Saint Mary’s College Men’s Rugby team for winning the 2015 Division 1A Rugby National Championship on May 9, 2015 in Atlanta, Georgia. In their quest for back-to-back national championships, the Saint Mary’s Gaels earned a spot in the national semifinal by defeating Utah University 72–26, and then defeated Davenport University by a score of 48–32 to reach the championship match. In a repeat of the 2014 Division 1A Rugby National Cham-pionship, the second ranked Saint Mary’s Gaels defeated Life University by a score of 30–24 to complete the defense of their na-tional title. The Saint Mary’s College Rugby team has now reached the National Championship in three consecutive seasons and have earned the title of National Champion in back-to-back years. Saint Mary’s College is a distinguished California institute of higher education with academic and athletic traditions grounded in core Lasallian values that have found con-sistent success both in the classroom and on the field. Congressman SWALWELL and I are proud that the 2015 Saint Mary’s College Men’s Rugby team members are distinguished by their commitment to the highest degree of scholarship, athleticism, and teamwork. The 2015 Men’s Rugby team has represented their school honorably. At this time I, along with Congressman S
WALWELL , would like to recognize the out-standing achievement by the members of the 2015 Men’s Rugby team: Roberto Arellano, Dylan Audsley, Alec Barton, Trey Boone, Alex Brewer, Jack Carso, Placido Castrejon, Billy Coen, Mason Colombo, Tony DeLaNuez, Dante DiMario, Nico Docolas, Jack Dowling, Alex Drake, Alejandro Duran, Michael Garrett, Henry Hall, Vili Helu, Xavier Hunter, Timothy Johnston, Patrick Keating, Cory Kroeger, Charles Loudon, Frank Maitia, Cooper Malo-ney, Canon Marin, Gabriel Marin, Mike McCar-thy, Chris McDonnel, Kingsley McGowan, Declan McNeice, Austen Middleton, Alec Mills, Nate Mills, Kevin O’Connor, Michael O’Neill, David Onyike, Ryan Pratt, Danilo Rapadas, Casey Reilly, Bradley Roberts, Kraig Roscoe, Nick Schlobohm, Paul Tiernan, Michael Tillson, Marcus Viscardi, Dino Walden, Peter Waldren, Thomas Wallace, Ethan Waller, An-thony West, Cameron Wiggins, Holden Yungert, Francis X Vignoles. Congressman S
WALLWELL and I would also like to recognize the coaches of the 2015 Men’s Rugby team: Timothy O’Brien, John Everett, Mark Bass, Jon Straka and Athletic Trainer Shelley Taketa are highly skilled and dedicated to the success of the 2015 Saint Mary’s College Men’s Rugby team. I join with Congressman SWALWELL in invit- ing our colleagues to join us in recognizing the members of Saint Mary’s College of California Men’s Rugby team, its coaches, fans, and ath-letic department for winning the 2015 Division 1A Rugby National Championship through their hard work, dedication, and athletic excel-lence. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LINDA HORAN OF ALSTEAD, NEW HAMPSHIRE 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 12, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today we honor Ms. Linda Horan, of Alstead, New Hampshire, a ‘‘tenacious labor leader’’ and an ‘‘advocate for the people.’’ I was deeply saddened to hear the tragic news that Ms. Horan lost her battle to cancer. My thoughts and prayers, along with those of the entire Granite State, are with Ms. Horan’s family and friends during this difficult time. Through her dedicated service as a social justice activist and advocate, she made her family, her state, and her nation proud. As her IBEW 2320 colleagues so eloquently summa-rized, ‘‘Sister Horan will forever be in our hearts and her memory will live on in our spirit as we continue to fight for the rights of work-ers and people everywhere in our attempt to channel her eternal drive for equality.’’ The greatest tribute we can provide for Linda Horan is to continue to remember her passion and drive, and to celebrate her life by combatting injustices. Her contributions will not be soon forgotten, as her beloved union’s scholarship fund now carries her name. Hope-fully, this will inspire future generations to fol-low in her footsteps and continue strength-ening civic life in New Hampshire. We owe our deepest gratitude to Linda Horan for helping to make the Granite State a better place for us all to live. In responding to such tragedies, our community comes together and shows its ca-pacity for resilience and strength. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12FE8.025 E12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D141 Friday, February 12, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 31, Adjournment Resolution. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S885–S887 Measures Introduced: One resolution was intro-duced, as follows: S. Con. Res. 31.
                     Page S886 
Measures Passed: Liu Xiaobo Plaza: Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 2451, to designate the area between the intersections of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, Northwest and International Place, Northwest in Washington, District of Colum-bia, as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                       Pages S886–87 
Adjournment Resolution: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 31, providing for a conditional adjourn-ment or recess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives.
                               Page S887 
Authorizing Leadership to Make Appoint-ments—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that, notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the Presi-dent of the Senate, the President Pro Tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
                      Page S887 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Majority Leader, the junior Senator from Alaska, and the junior Senator from Missouri, be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions, on Fri-day, February 12, 2016 through Monday, February 22, 2016.
                                                                         Page S887 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that when the Senate completes its business on Friday, February 12, 2016, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, February 15, 2016, at 11:00 a.m., and Thursday, February 18, 2016, at 9:00 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, February 18, 2016, it next convene at 3:00 p.m., on Monday, February 22, 2016, unless the Senate receives a message from the House of Representatives that it has adopted S. Con. Res. 31; and that if the Senate receives such a message, it stand adjourned until 3:00 p.m., on Monday, Feb-ruary 22, 2016.                                                             Page S887 
Washington’s Farewell Address—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 3:00 p.m., on Monday, Feb-ruary 22, 2016, Senator Coons be recognized to de-liver Washington’s Farewell Address.
               Page S887 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years. Azita Raji, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Sweden. Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be Legal Ad-viser of the Department of State. Samuel D. Heins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Norway. John L. Estrada, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., of Virginia, to be an Under Secretary of State (Political Affairs). David McKean, of Massachusetts, to be Ambas-sador to Luxembourg.
                                  Pages S886, S887 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S886 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S886 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12FE6.REC D12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD142 February 12, 2016 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:19 a.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, Feb-ruary 22, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S887.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4551–4579; and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 116 were introduced.
                              Pages H816–17 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H818–19 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 408 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 82. 
                                                                    Pages H779–88, H802–03 
Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act: The House passed H.R. 2017, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clar-ify certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A, by a yea-and-nay vote of 266 yeas to 144 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 81. 
                                                                                 Pages H789–H802 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule. 
                                                                                      Pages H795–96 
Agreed to: McMorris Rodgers amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–421) that ensures that businesses will not be penalized for inadvertent human error in preparation or variation of ingredients (by a recorded vote of 309 ayes to 100 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 79).
                      Pages H796–98, H800 
Rejected: Schrader amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–421) that sought to strike ‘‘off-premises’’ order-ing exception from bill (by a recorded vote of 148 ayes to 258 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 80).
                                                  Pages H798–99, H800–01 H. Res. 611, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2017) was agreed to yesterday, Feb-ruary 11th. Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to S. Con. Res. 31, providing for a conditional adjourn-ment or recess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives.
                               Page H811 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H805. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H800, H800–01, H801–02, and H802. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and at 1:50 p.m., pursuant to S. Con. Res. 31, the House stands adjourned until 2 p.m. on Tuesday, February 23, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on Office of the Inspector General. Testimony was heard from Phyllis K. Fong, Inspector General; Gil H. Harden, Assistant Inspector General for Audit, Office of the Inspector General; and Ann Coffey, Assistant Inspector General for Investiga-tions, Office of the Inspector General. DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 2017 BUDGET REQUEST AND READINESS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Air Force 2017 Budget Request and Readiness’’. Testi-mony was heard from General David L. Goldfein, USAF, Vice Chief of Staff, U.S. Air Force; Lieuten-ant General John W. Raymond, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations; and Lieutenant General John Cooper, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff for Logis-tics, Engineering, and Force Protection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12FE6.REC D12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D143 February 12, 2016 
ASSESSING THE DEVELOPMENT OF AFGHANISTAN NATIONAL SECURITY FORCES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘As-sessing the Development of Afghanistan National Se-curity Forces’’. Testimony was heard from Kent Breedlove, Senior Defense Analyst for Afghanistan, Defense Intelligence Agency; Christine Abizaid, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Afghani-stan, Pakistan and Central Asia, Department of De-fense; Colonel Stephen L. A. Michael, USA, Deputy Director, Pakistan, Afghanistan and Transregional Threats Coordination Cell, Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; John Sopko, Special Inspec-tor General for Afghanistan Reconstruction; and Mi-chael Child, Deputy Inspector General for Overseas Contingency Operations, Department of Defense. OUTBREAKS, ATTACKS, AND ACCIDENTS: COMBATTING BIOLOGICAL THREATS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Outbreaks, Attacks, and Accidents: Combatting Bi-ological Threats’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12FE6.REC D12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD144 February 12, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, February 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senator Coons will be recognized to deliver Washington’s Farewell Address. Following the reading, Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5:30 p.m. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Caro-lina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, with a vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the nomination. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Tuesday, February 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E176 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E176 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E175 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E179 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E176, E177 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E177 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E178 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E175 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E180 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E176 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E180 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E173 Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E175 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E178 Hurd, Will, Tex., E174 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E173 King, Steve, Iowa, E178 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E180 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E177, E179 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E173 Mica, John L., Fla., E177 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E174 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E173 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E179 Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E175 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E178 Scott, Austin, Ga., E179 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E174 Smith, Jason, Mo., E178 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E179 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Feb 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12FE6.REC D12FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST