Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4279 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 2016 No. 108 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 6, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable E
VAN H. J
ENKINS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
CONSENSUS BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of continued terror around the globe and here at home, the American people are rightfully asking what solu-tions exist within the Halls of Con-gress, and they are rightfully asking questions about national security and, yes, about the Second Amendment and about firearms. The numbers don’t lie. Eighty-five percent of Americans believe that if you are being investigated for terror, you should not be able to purchase a firearm; but 88 percent of Americans also believe that this body should fol-low the Constitution. The congressional approval rating— not 58 percent, not 88 percent—is some-where around 10 percent. Why? It is be-cause the American people want to see a Congress that is governing, a Con-gress that is solving problems. We each run on closely held convictions, and we should honor those every day in the Halls of this body. The days of reaching consensus seem to be imperiled, seem to be just out of reach. We prioritize the politics of blame over the politics of governing. We prioritize the politics of November over the politics of now. In the past few weeks, this conflict has played out in very real time on very closely held issues, personal issues right here in this well. My friends on the left want to vote on a bill that will lose. It will lose. We on the right are often chastised for bringing up legisla-tion that will be vetoed, with the ques-tion, ‘‘Why even go down that road?’’ The same questions can be asked about why do we demand a vote on a bill that will lose, and it will lose based on con-stitutional convictions about a lack of due process in the current draft of the no fly, no buy bill. Eighty-eight percent of Americans support the Constitution, and that in-cludes due process. Current restrictions on firearm purchases are all post-adju-dication—if you have been adjudicated mentally incompetent, if you have been adjudicated and convicted of a violent crime, if you have been adju-dicated and separated dishonorably from the Armed Forces. But a no fly, no buy list with no proc-ess says there is no adjudication, and that raises constitutional convictions, which is why that bill would go down. My friends on the right are rightfully concerned over a slippery slope about the Second Amendment, a fundamental right to purchase and bear firearms. We can’t let this debate end in inac-tion, which is the great fear of the next 2 weeks. The truth is we can protect the Second Amendment, we can protect due process, and we can protect com-munities throughout the country, which is why I have introduced H.R. 5544 as a consensus bill. Is it perfect? Perhaps not, but work with me to make it better. It says this: If you are being inves-tigated as a terror suspect, you can’t buy a firearm. But if your government denies you the right to purchase that firearm, your government has 10 days to notify you they did so because you are being investigated. You are then entitled to a due proc-ess hearing within 30 days at which the government has the burden of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to prove why you shouldn’t be able to pur-chase a firearm. The individual is enti-tled to see all unclassified evidence, and the hearing remains private to pro-tect the interests of the individual and the interests of government. My bill would also notify law en-forcement if somebody who is the sub-ject of a closed investigation later tries to purchase a firearm. We can probably make it better together. We can add re-imbursement of court fees. We can allow a provision in the Collins bill that says law enforcement should be allowed to let a transfer go through if it helps an investigation as opposed to hindering it. To the left, it provides no fly, no buy with due process. To the right, it pro-tects the Second Amendment. The Sec-ond Amendment is not infringed be-cause someone is being investigated. It is infringed because someone is denied the right to purchase a firearm, which is why my bill finally provides due process and puts the burden of proof on the government if that right is denied. We can do this. We can actually do this. We can reach consensus on both sides of the aisle. The real scandal in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.000 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4280 July 6, 2016 
this town right now is not about sit- ins. The real scandal is not about inac-tion. The real scandal is that this isn’t that hard. This isn’t that hard. Eighty-five percent of Americans say no fly, no buy. Eighty-eight percent say support the Constitution. So let’s do that. Let’s stand with those who support no fly, no buy. Let’s stand with those who support the Constitution. And let’s give some level of hope to cling to, to the 90 percent of this coun-try who disapprove of what is hap-pening in this Chamber right now. A demand for a bill that will go no-where only promises inaction that makes its way into political commer-cials in November. Ignoring the fact that America wants no fly, no buy is also catering to the politics of Novem-ber. Let’s cast aside this current debate and recognize that the solutions are right in front of us if we extract the politics out of this. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last week Congress concluded with a spotlight on gun safety and the yawn-ing chasm between the attitudes of the Republican-controlled Congress and the needs and desires of the American people. Why should America be the only de-veloped Nation on the planet that can-not protect its families from gun vio-lence? Obviously, there are no simple solutions in a Nation where there is a gun for every adult, where a half-dozen people have been killed in recent years by their pets, and even babies kill par-ents and their siblings with guns. Too many people feel that more guns and fewer protections is the solution, obscuring the fact that the over-whelming majority of the American public agrees that there are things we can do and that it is irresponsible and cynical not to try. For more than 24 hours last week, my Democratic colleagues and I discussed many of these solutions on the floor of the House, demanding action on three. For instance, over 90 percent of the American public and a majority of gun owners agreed that there should be no anonymous secret purchases of weap-ons. There should be a universal back-ground check. People who cannot buy firearms at a gun store should not be able to buy guns over the Internet or at gun shows anonymously. The American public supports us in our efforts to make it harder for people the government has deemed too dan-gerous to buy a plane ticket to pur-chase assault weapons. And it is past time to eliminate the outrageous pro-hibition against the Centers for Dis-ease Control to even study the epi-demic of gun violence that kills three or four Americans every hour. These solutions are not really that hard. They would be a signal that we are serious about trying to change the gun violence equation that kills about 90 people every day. I returned to Oregon last week and had encouraging meetings with dozens of people who have been leading the charge in my home State, who are re-doubling their efforts. They have dem-onstrated that steps can be taken through the political process and are committed to building upon their com-monsense actions. For example, they led the charge to prevent people with a history of domestic violence and re-straining orders from purchasing guns. The Oregon Legislature finally en-acted universal background checks, like we are seeking at the Federal level, and the Oregon House of Rep-resentatives even passed legislation last session that would have closed the so-called ‘‘Charleston Loophole’’ where law enforcement has a 10-day delay for a purchase if the police are unable to determine that purchaser’s qualifica-tions. I was impressed and encouraged that these ordinary citizens, so devoted to this cause, are committing to taking on the issue further at the State and local level and making it an issue in the political elections in the fall wher-ever they can. It is only that type of activity that will overcome the inertia, the temerity, and the cynicism of peo-ple who are apologists for gun violence. The same way we embarked upon a decades-long crusade to reduce traffic fatalities that cut that death rate in half, we need to embark on a similar crusade to reduce gun violence. The Members who took to the floor over 24 hours showed a powerful expres-sion of policy and emotion that used to be seen on the floor of this House but is, sadly, seldom in evidence today. But it is not too late. Congress should do its part to at least allow the issue the attention and the consideration we would give to any other public health crisis and end the shame of being the only developed Nation on the planet that cannot protect its families from gun violence. 
f 
WEST VIRGINIA FLOOD The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
IGELL ). The Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
EN-
KINS) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, West Virginians are facing tremendous hardship from devastating floods we experienced nearly 2 weeks ago. In a matter of hours, more than 20 people were killed, hundreds of homes destroyed, and thousands of residents’ lives were turned upside-down. Through the heartbreak, stories of heroism have emerged. Neighbors have offered a helping hand to strangers. Our churches and schools have opened their doors to people in need and those who have lost their homes are still vol-unteering at our command centers and food lines. This is what makes West Virginia special. When things get tough, we get working. We band together and we are stronger together. I have traveled throughout our flood- ravaged communities doing what I can to support our recovery. Along the way, I have met brave people, selfless people, and some of the kindest people you would ever get a chance to know. In the basement of the Summersville Baptist Church, thousands of family photographs from just one family lay on tables curled and soaked in flood-water. Church youth group members worked to take each picture out of its frame or album and spread them out to dry. This parishioner may have lost her home, but this spirit of community is helping preserve her memories. In Rainelle, I met an 18-year-old who had just joined the volunteer fire de-partment. His job after the floodwaters receded was to recover and retrieve bodies and then stand guard over them in the fire department. He has seen and done things that no one should have had to experience, but he kept doing his job as a volunteer for his commu-nity, serving his community. I met a lady sheltered the first night in Ansted who was rescued after hours in her one-story home that had filled with 4 feet of water. She survived the horrific event by relying on her deep faith, knowing she was in God’s hands. The road ahead will be tough. We have a very long way to go. We will al-ways remember and honor those whom we lost, and we will offer our love and support to those rebuilding their lives. I know we will rebuild. We will repair our schools, restock our library shelves, repave our roads, and recon-struct our bridges. We will be there for each other. We are West Virginians, and it is our home. f 
b1015 THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). The Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the American people have had enough. They have had enough with the epi-demic of gun violence in our country. They have had enough with House Re-publicans’ obstruction of bipartisan, pro-Second Amendment legislation to help keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them—terrorists, crimi-nals, domestic abusers, and the dan-gerously mentally ill—because whether it is in a movie theater, on a college campus, at an elementary school, in a church, in a nightclub, or on the streets of our cities, we have lost far too many innocent lives to gun vio-lence. Let me give you some numbers: 3
1⁄2, that is the number of years since the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.002 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4281 July 6, 2016 
terrible tragedy at Sandy Hook Ele-mentary School; 34,000, that is the number of people who have been killed by someone using a gun since Sandy Hook; 1,182, that is the number of mass shootings in our country since Sandy Hook; 30, that is the number of mo-ments of silence observed by this House for victims of gun violence since Sandy Hook; 521, that is the number of days the House has been in session since Sandy Hook; and zero—zero—that is the number of votes that have been taken in this House to keep guns out of dangerous hands in the last 3
1⁄2years. Just a few weeks ago, we experienced the worst mass shooting in our coun-try’s history at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. Forty-nine innocent people lost their lives in that nightclub, 49 people who were someone’s son, daugh-ter, someone’s brother, sister, some-one’s significant other, someone’s friend, and someone’s loved one. After this horrific shooting, the American people don’t want to see their elected representatives fall back into the same old pattern of mass shootings followed by moments of si-lence, thoughts and prayers, but no real action taken to help prevent the next tragedy. The American people want to see Congress pass meaningful legislation to help keep our commu-nities and our loved ones safe. Eighty-five percent of Americans are in favor of banning individuals on the terrorist watch list from being able to legally buy guns. Ninety percent of Americans support strengthening and expanding our background check sys-tem. There are two bipartisan, pro-Second Amendment bills that would do just that: The first bill, H.R. 1076, known as the no fly, no buy, was introduced by our Republican colleague P
ETER KING. This bill says that if you are on the FBI’s terrorist watch list, then you don’t get to walk into a gun store, pass a back-ground check, and leave with the weap-on of your choice. If there is one thing both sides of the aisle should be able to agree on, it is keeping guns away from suspected terrorists. Bring that bill up for a vote. The second bill, H.R. 1217—with 186 coauthors, Democrats and Repub-licans—would close a dangerous loop-hole in our background check system that allows criminals, domestic abus-ers, and the dangerously mentally ill to bypass a background check alto-gether and, instead, purchase their guns online or at a gun show or through a classified ad. This is a huge loophole, and it costs lives. You don’t have to look any further than the sister of Elvin Daniel from Wisconsin. His sister Zina had a re-straining order against her husband which prevented him from passing a background check when he tried to buy a gun in a store. Nevertheless, Zina’s husband was able to go online and buy the same gun, a 40-caliber semiauto-matic handgun, and he took that gun and used it to kill Zina and two other people in a store in Wisconsin. This bill would close these kinds of loopholes and help stop criminals from getting guns. Everyone says they want to keep guns away from dangerous peo-ple, but the only way to know if some-one is dangerous is to conduct a back-ground check. Background checks are our first line of defense against crimi-nals, domestic abusers, and the dan-gerously mentally ill in getting guns. Last year, 260 Members of this House—including 76 of my Republican colleagues—voted to fund the back-ground check system at record levels. Let me tell you, if you are willing to fund the system at historic levels, you should have no problem using the sys-tem. Bring this bill up for a vote. Both of these bills are not only bipar-tisan, they respect the Second Amend-ment rights of law-abiding citizens. I am a gun owner. I own guns. I support the Second Amendment. If these bills did anything to violate those rights, my name wouldn’t be on them. As a re-sponsible gun owner, I understand that if gun violence continues unabated, then eventually we will see laws that place overly burdensome restrictions on our right to own guns. Bring these bills up for a vote. f 
BRING HOME OUR POW AND MIA SERVICEMEMBERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I organized a discussion here on Capitol Hill focused on a resolution I have introduced which I believe could have a major im-pact on our Nation’s ability to return more than 80,000 American citizens who served in the Vietnam war, Korean war, and World War II who are still missing in action. I authored H. Con. Res. 56 because I am thankful every day as the father of an injured Army soldier that he re-turned home safely. I cannot imagine the pain and anguish of the wives, the husbands, the mothers, the fathers, the sons and daughters who wait for dec-ades, and even generations, to receive word regarding their loved one who was taken as a prisoner of war or is missing in action. We need to make the greatest effort possible to bring home the men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. We need to fulfill that promise that we leave no man behind. That is why this resolution states that, in order to en-sure transparency and efficiency, coun-tries that enter into trade agreements, trade deals with our Nation, must as-sist in the research and the recovery efforts of America’s missing service-members. I am proud to represent the Pennsyl-vania Fifth Congressional District, which covers a broad expanse of my State’s northern and central territory. Over the years, I have heard from the families of servicemen, such as Major Lewis P. Smith II, of Bellefonte, Centre County, a Vietnam soldier who was listed missing in action; Captain Darl Bloom of Morrisdale, Clearfield Coun-ty, who served in Vietnam as a pilot and is listed as missing in action; and Lieutenant David Myers of State Col-lege, Centre County, who also served in Vietnam and is listed as missing in ac-tion all these decades later. These brave men and the thousands of others across our Nation who remain listed as missing or as prisoners of war deserve our most diligent efforts. When a servicemember makes the ultimate sacrifice, it is our duty to ensure that they are returned home to their loved ones. I appreciate the support of this measure from groups dedicated to our servicemembers and veterans. It is time to bring home the men and women over the past several genera-tions who have made the ultimate sac-rifice in the name of freedom. f 
NO MORE MOMENTS OF SILENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to introduce you to Caroline Nosal. Caroline was described by her friends as wonderful and sassy. She had a sharp wit and would say exactly what she thought. Friends said she was a vi-brant friend with a great smile. Her parents said she was curious, caring, and kind. She loved books. She wasn’t a book-ish person, but she loved books, all kinds of books. Once with a friend shopping in a used bookstore, she picked up an old, well-read copy of an 18th century animal husbandry book, a subject she knew nothing about but just wanted to get because it was new to her. She did that a lot. She was passionate about animals as well. Once while driving to work, she accidentally hit a bird. She stopped, put it in a box, and took it to the Hu-mane Society on her way to work. Even though she was late to work, she knew she had done the right thing. But in early February of this year, in Madison, Wisconsin, Caroline Nosal was shot to death by a troubled, dis-gruntled coworker who used to harass her and who had just bought a gun 24 hours earlier. Only months before this tragedy oc-curred, Governor Scott Walker and the legislature in Wisconsin changed a dec-ades-old Wisconsin law that had re-quired a 48-hour waiting period to buy a handgun, a measure that, if in place, might have saved Caroline. You see, the assailant got fired, went out and bought the gun with the plan to immediately shoot her; but since he had never fired a gun, instead, he took it to target practice so he could learn how to shoot it. He bought the gun on Monday, and on Tuesday used it to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.004 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4282 July 6, 2016 
shoot Caroline Nosal in the chest and in the head. Later, after police picked him up, he said it was easy to kill Nosal, that he was angry with her. He said: ‘‘I’m glad I didn’t hit her. I don’t know what else, I guess I’m sorry, but . . . I don’t know if I am sorry, I’m just glad I didn’t hit her.’’ Instead, he shot her twice to her death. Last Wednesday, House Democrats from across the country held a Na-tional Day of Action for commonsense gun violence prevention. I held a rally in Madison, Wisconsin, where a couple hundred people showed up to support commonsense changes. It was at that rally where I met Caroline’s father, Jim Nosal. Jim and his wife, Jane, are reminders that gun violence can affect any family and that people have a right to be free of gun violence in their communities. The Day of Action fol-lowed our historic taking over of the House floor to demand action on gun violence, especially following the Na-tion’s largest mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. We are urging Congress to act on commonsense gun reform, common-sense gun reform measures like ex-panded background checks and no fly, no buy. These ideas aren’t necessarily progressive pipe dreams; they are the first necessary steps toward preventing gun violence. In a recent poll, 92 per-cent of respondents said they were in favor of expanding background checks. While the Speaker may claim that the House Democratic sit-in was dis-respectful to the institution, what is truly disrespectful is to stand idly by and allow more tragic stories like Caroline’s to unfold. In Congress, we have the opportunity to save lives and reduce the gun violence epidemic in our country. Instead, the majority has decided to trot out a toothless bill crafted by the NRA that does nothing to keep gun violence out of our com-munities. If the Speaker won’t listen to the House Democrats’ calls for real action to prevent gun violence, maybe he will listen to those of his own constituents. The night of the sit-in, we put out a call for comments, and over 500 people commented, including dozens from the Speaker’s district and neighboring dis-tricts. Let me read just a few of those comments. Jane, from Racine, said: ‘‘We’ve had too many moments of silence. It’s time for action.’’ Karen in Kenosha: ‘‘It breaks my heart as a veteran teacher to now have to teach students to barricade doors and fight back against a person who is trying to kill them with a semiauto-matic weapon. What horrible damage is being done to their young psyches as they try and learn with this threat of violence ever present? Please vote for gun control now.’’ Jim, from Mount Pleasant, said: ‘‘As a law enforcement officer, I support background checks. We’ve seen officers injured by people with legal guns.’’ Gloria, from Racine, said: ‘‘There’s nothing worse than hugging a mom who lost her child to gun violence. I’m tired of going to those vigils.’’ And, finally, Quinn, 9 years old, from Somers, Wisconsin: ‘‘People don’t want to get shot and die.’’ Speaker R
YAN, you don’t have to lis-ten to us. Listen to your constituents. Listen to 9-year-old Quinn, who doesn’t want to get shot and die. Listen to par-ents like Jim and Jane Nosal, who want to spare other families the pain that they have had to endure. No more moments of silence. It is time for moments of action, Mr. Speaker. It is time for moments of ac-tion. 
f 
FLOODING IN WEST VIRGINIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on June 23, my home State of West Virginia experienced some of the worst flooding in our State’s history. Here is a picture of a damaged home in Elk View, in Kanawha County, West Virginia, very typical of what was seen during the flooding. More than 20 West Virginians lost their lives, hundreds lost their homes, and thousands lost access to water and electricity for an extended period of time. Like my col-league, E
VAN JENKINS , from West Vir-ginia’s First Congressional District, who spoke earlier, my thoughts and prayers are with all those who have suffered through this terrible tragedy. I traveled throughout the flood-dam-aged areas last week and was truly moved by what I saw. I saw and met a pastor who emptied his entire bank ac-count to buy food for his neighbors. I saw an army of volunteers, all of dif-ferent political, ethnic, and socio-economic backgrounds, donating their time and money to help. I saw mem-bers of the National Guard using their military training to help those in need. Mr. Speaker, I saw West Virginians coming together in the most trying of times, as resilient as ever, and full of hope: a hope that we can rebuild, a hope that recovery is not a question but a certainty. West Virginia will re-build, and we will rebuild stronger than ever. But this is going to be a long road to recovery. Our communities have been tested. As we continue to rebuild, I want to make sure that all of my constituents in the Second Congressional District know that I am here to help. If you need a hand in applying for FEMA as-sistance or figuring out which Federal programs you are eligible for, please call me at my office in Charleston at 304–925–5964, or my Washington, D.C., office at 202–225–2711. I am blessed to be part of a wonderful community in West Virginia’s Second District. I am grateful for the strength and hard work of so many. b1030 While the flood waters may have re-ceded, our work is far from over. Re-covery will take weeks, months, even years, for many West Virginians. So our call to service remains, and I have no doubt that my fellow West Vir-ginians will continue to answer this call. God bless West Virginia. f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) for 5 minutes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, Democrats sat on the House floor for more than 26 hours. For a full day and night, we demanded justice for victims of gun violence and action to prevent the next tragedy; not just thoughts and prayers, but action. Republicans turned off the mics. They turned off the cameras and just left. They cannot silence our voices be-cause we are speaking for the 80 per-cent-plus of Americans who support commonsense reforms to stop gun vio-lence, like background checks and keeping guns away from terrorists. While the recent tragedy in Or-lando—a tragedy that claimed 49 inno-cent lives—sparked the sit-in, there have been too many victims of gun vio-lence throughout our country for too many years. In my district in 2012, we suffered a large campus mass shooting. These people were trying to get an education. They were studying to become nurses because they wanted to help people. But their lives were cut too short by gun violence. A man with a semiauto-matic weapon killed Tshering Bhutia, Doris Chibuko, Sonam Chodon, Grace Kim, Kathleen Ping, Judith Seymour, and Lydia Sim. Sadly, these aren’t the only members of my community who have lost their lives or loved ones to gun violence. Let me remember some of the victims of gun violence in my own community once again. In my district, for example, there were 89 gun deaths in 2015. What is worse, many of these were children. Since July 2009, nearly 50 students in the Oakland Unified School District have been slain. Let me be clear: that is 50 kids. Why isn’t the Speaker allowing us to do anything about this? Just this past weekend, in my com-munity, four people were gunned down in two separate incidents. Every day in my community and places around this country, this senseless violence con-tinues. How can House Republicans just ig-nore this bloodshed? Let me talk about a few additional victims so you can just understand their lives and share the horror that cut their loves so short. Davon Ellis. This is Davon. Davon was a star football player and an excel-lent student at Oakland Technical High School. My nephew was walking with him when he was gunned down. Antonio Ramos. Antonio was shot on September 29, 2015. Antonio was a tal-ented artist working on an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4283 July 6, 2016 
antiviolence mural. He was one of 60 artists working on Oakland’s super-heroes mural project. He was shot by someone trying to steal his camera. Chyemil Pierce. Chyemil was 30 years old. She was shot on March 13, 2015. She was a mother of three that was shot by a stray bullet while shielding her children. She had walked her 7- and 9-year-old children home from school at about 4:45 p.m., in broad daylight. Two others were injured in this shoot-ing. Torian Hughes. Torian was the grandson of my friend, Oakland Coun-cil president Lynette Gibson McElhaney. He died by a gunshot just a few days before Christmas. Mr. Speaker, how many more Torians? How many more Antonios? How many more Chyemils will die pro-tecting their children? Enough is enough. It is past time to do something. It starts with enacting background checks on all gun sales and making sure that guns stay out of the hands of those who cannot fly on air-planes. That is just common sense. The American people know it. It is about time the Republicans listen. I am so proud that my community, California’s East Bay, has rallied to support our efforts. Some family mem-bers attended our National Day of Ac-tion last week and pleaded with us to do something. I want to share what one of my con-stituents said during our sit-in 2 weeks ago on the House floor. She called my office, in tears, with a powerful mes-sage for all of us, especially Speaker R
YAN. She said: ‘‘I am a victim of gun vio-lence, and I really appreciate what you are doing.’’ She made one simple request—a re-quest that the entire House Demo-cratic Caucus has been making: ‘‘I hope you can settle down and get a vote.’’ I dare the Speaker to call her back and tell her: Sorry, we are trying to gain consensus. Some Members still have reservations. Sorry, reelection support from the NRA is more impor-tant than addressing the epidemic of gun violence. Call her, Mr. Speaker, and tell her that the NRA and its millions matter more than her. We need to keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. Vote on our bills for background checks for all. Enough is enough. 
f 
ALZHEIMER’S AWARENESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. R
IGELL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RIGELL. Mr. Speaker, I found in my public service that one of the great privileges of serving are the opportuni-ties it has afforded to me to meet with so many amazing Americans and Vir-ginians from all walks of life. Many of these occasions have been moments of great joy: greeting servicemembers when they have returned home from serving abroad, graduation ceremonies. There have also been moments of profound sadness and serious moments where not only me, but I am sure my colleagues here, have had the oppor-tunity—and the difficult one—to actu-ally meet with those who have lost a servicemember in service to our coun-try or those whose families have really been hit so hard with a debilitating, in-deed, fatal disease. One of those fatal diseases that I come to the floor this morning to speak about is Alzheimer’s. I believe probably every Member of this House has been affected by it in some way; both sides. It certainly affected my own family. Alzheimer’s damages and eventually destroys brain cells. It leads to mem-ory loss and other challenges in brain function. It usually develops slowly and gradually gets worse. Ultimately, Alzheimer’s is fatal. Every 66 seconds, Mr. Speaker, a fel-low American is diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s. But let’s be clear: we are not talking about statistics here. We are talking about people. To my left is the Garner family. I have learned so much from the Garner family about Alzheimer’s. If you ever wonder if engaging your local Rep-resentative makes a difference; indeed, it does. This family is an example of that. This is Jim; his wife, Karen; and their two beautiful children. I got to know Jim when he was diagnosed in the early stages of Alzheimer’s. He was an officer in the United States Air Force at Langley. He served with dis-tinction. Alzheimer’s cut that short. This is Frankie. Their daughter, Frankie, is amazing. She is one of the strongest advocates I know for a cause that she believes in. I have learned a lot from her and her entire family. Jim passed away this past April, just days before his 54th birthday. Karen kept a blog about her experiences, and with her permission, I want to read from that blog. This is Karen speaking: I want people to see what Alzheimer’s dis-ease does to a wonderful human being. I want to break the misconception that Alz-heimer’s disease is just old people forgetting someone’s name or getting lost. I want to erase the stereotypical patient idea. I want the stigma that follows a diagnosis to be a thing of the past. 
Well, we have got a long way to go before that is a complete reality across our Nation, but she and the family have helped me understand this. I am grateful to them and to the Alz-heimer’s Association for helping me further grasp at a deeper level just how this disease is harming our country. Now, if we look at it, here are some of the statistics that we have got to keep in mind. It is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. Of the 10 top killers of Americans, Alz-heimer’s is the only disease that can-not be prevented, cured, or even slowed. The rate of diagnosis is increasing. Right now, we have about 5 million Americans that are suffering from this disease, including 135,000 Virginians. If we fail to act, Mr. Speaker, the number of Americans living with Alzheimer’s could soar to as many as 16 million by 2020. I am a fiscal conservative. I am acutely aware of our fiscal trajectory. Yet, as I look at the cost of Alz-heimer’s—and it is far more than a cost—if we look at what is happening here statistically, here is where our ex-penses are going, Mr. Speaker. I, as a fiscal conservative, come to the House floor today to say that we need to be investing more in Alzheimer’s re-search. We worked in, I think, an admirable and bipartisan way to increase funding to over $660 million a year. Mr. Speak-er, I call for $2 billion. It is money well invested. Some things that we invest in are true expenses. Other things are true investments. This is one of them. We should fund every program and medical research opportunity that shows promise. And, indeed, there are great opportunities for promise here. We can investigate brain imaging, bio-markers, and clinical tools that may result in earlier and more accurate di-agnoses, timely interventions, and ef-fective disease monitoring. If we had advanced this, we could have done a better job for Jim and his family’s lives. We ought to really set for our country something like the great moon shot that my father was so an integral part of. Mr. Speaker, I am convinced that we can do this. We can find a cure. We can do right by the next generation. Keep in mind that it is not about statistics, but it is about people. f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, our country has witnessed over 130 mass shootings since the beginning of this year. There are 270 million guns in the United States. That amounts to 89 per 100 Americans. On average, 31 Americans are mur-dered with guns every day in this coun-try, and 151 are treated in America’s emergency rooms. Gun violence costs this country $230 billion every year, which amounts to $200 per person. Gun death rates fell 56 percent in my State of California, from 1993 to 2010, because the legislature engaged in evi-dence-based research policy initiatives that have dropped that rate. Between 2004 and 2013, 316,000 Ameri-cans were killed by firearms. During that same timeframe, 313 Americans died from terrorist attacks, both inter-nationally and domestically. Approximately 40 percent of all gun sales are private and are, therefore, ex-empted from the current background checks. Studies show that every day that background checks are used, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.007 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4284 July 6, 2016 
system stops more than 170 felons, 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugi-tives from buying a gun in the United States. Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list have bought weapons in the United States. A gun in a home in the U.S. is 22 times more likely to be used to kill or injure in a domestic homicide, suicide, or un-intentional shooting, instead of being used in self-defense. From 2012 to 2013, at least 100 chil-dren were killed in unintentional shootings in the U.S.; almost 2 each week. Guns have killed more Ameri-cans in 12 years than AIDS, war, and il-legal drug overdoses combined. On average, 55 Americans kill them-selves with firearms each day in this country. In States that require back-ground checks for private handgun sales, there are 48 percent fewer fire-arm suicides, while the rates of suicide by other methods are nearly identical. Suicides involving firearms are fatal at least 85 percent of the time in this country compared to the second most used attempted suicide level, which is pills. They are only successful 3 per-cent of the time. Mr. Speaker, for those of us who have lost a family member to firearm gun violence, this is an issue that cannot be reconciled with the current majority opinion. Twenty-eight years ago, my father took his life with a firearm. He had been under the care of a physician for 10 years to deal with depression. We still don’t know how he got his gun. He is buried across the river, as a World War II vet, in Arlington. Mr. Speaker, for those of us who re-spect the Second Amendment, but also expect the Congress to act rationally on this public health issue, we expect Congress to respect victims of gun vio-lence. For that reason, we demand, we ask respectfully, and we expect the Speak-er and the majority to bring up for a vote two simple bills. We want a vote on the no fly, no buy bill, and we want a vote to close the loopholes on back-ground checks. The victims of gun vio-lence expect no less. 
f 
b1045 CONFRONTING OUR CHANGING OCEANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, my constituents and I are blessed to live, to work, and to play in the para-dise that is south Florida. And those of us who have fallen in love with south Florida all want our kids and our grandkids to enjoy the same positive experiences that define our unique community. That sense of wanting to be able to pass down that south Florida lifestyle to future generations is really what has motivated me to action on the threat my community faces from a changing ocean. Sea level rise has been occurring steadily along southeast Florida for the last hundred years, and we should be concerned about increas-ing coastal flooding and saltwater in-trusion into our drinking water sources. Meanwhile, new research at the Uni-versity of Miami suggests that ocean acidification is not only slowing the growth of corals off our coast, but is actually causing the underlying reef structure to begin to dissolve. To counter the threats from changing ocean conditions, we must develop strategies to protect people’s liveli-hoods and the coastal waters upon which south Florida’s local economy depends. One such strategy that could pay huge dividends is the restoration of the coral reefs off south Florida. This is ac-tually, Mr. Speaker, the third-largest barrier reef in the entire world. Our reefs have been declining for 40 years, and recent coral disease outbreaks and bleaching events have proved to be dev-astating. To save south Florida’s reefs, I am introducing the Conserving Our Reefs and Livelihoods Act, or the CORAL Act. The CORAL Act would widen the scope of reef restoration and conserva-tion research to include the impact of ocean acidification, warming seas, and invasive species on coral reefs. It would allow for the release of emergency re-sponse funds to study coral disease and bleaching events as they happen, in-stead of as a postmortem. It would expand the focus of the law from simply focused on conservation, to gearing Federal agencies and their partners to play active roles in restora-tion and recovery. And it would pro-mote innovative work toward under-standing the genetic diversity of cor-als, so that researchers can captive- breed native corals that are specially adapted to current and future ocean conditions for use in restoration projects. The environmental and economic benefits of coral reefs are strongly intertwined, and the CORAL Act would give everyone a place at the table to help develop consensus-based and sci-entifically rigorous conservation and restoration efforts—efforts that produce real results for Floridians. Restored reefs will increase economic activity through better fishing, diving, recreation, and tourism; and healthy coral growth will allow reefs to keep pace with rising seas to limit the po-tentially devastating impacts of storm surge on our coasts in the future. Mr. Speaker, having fled the oppres-sive Castro regime in Cuba with my parents decades ago, I know that south Florida is special because it serves as a place of hope for so many. We cannot allow changing ocean conditions to rob us of our livelihoods, of our lifestyle, of our identity as an optimistic commu-nity. My CORAL Act is only a start for south Florida, but it will help in under-standing the impacts of ocean acidifi-cation, warming seas, coral disease, and invasive species on our reefs so that we can develop effective solutions, so that we can salvage our reefs, and so south Florida will continue to thrive as part of an ever-changing landscape and as an enduring source of hope and in-spiration to people from around the world. f 
WE NEED COMMONSENSE GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, Col-umbine is in my district, and I was in Congress when the terrible shooting in Columbine happened. Who will forget that day, all those students marching out of the school with their hands held up so they could show the police that they weren’t those terrible shooters. Who can forget the terrible tragedy reflected in the mothers’ faces when they saw that their children weren’t those children that were bused to safe-ty? Who can forget the lingering aspects that Columbine has shown us, year after year, tragedy after tragedy? I can’t tell you the number of times I have repeated that horror in my own life, watching on TV when the Aurora shooting, just a few miles from my house, occurred. A masked man came in and, with an assault rifle and high- capacity magazine clips, shot so many people in just a few minutes. Just a few weeks ago, when we saw, in Florida, one lone gunman with an assault rifle and high-capacity maga-zines just mowing down so many people who were having fun, who can forget the reflection in those mothers’ faces? But for every terrible tragedy that we have like that, we have thousands of more people who are killed on our streets, in our urban areas, and around our country, and who are killed in ter-rible domestic violence cases. Just last week, when I was at home in Denver, just a few blocks from my husband’s law office, a man walked into an office and shot a woman, and then turned the gun on himself. I can’t tell you how I felt that day, when my husband sent me an email, seemingly out of the blue, that said: ‘‘Don’t worry. I’m on lockdown. I’m okay.’’ This has become just routine in Americans’ lives, and it is wrong. It is wrong. We can’t continue like this as a country. We can’t continue to have a moment of silence every time there is a mass murder, and to tut-tut every time we hear of someone like that woman who was shot in my district, and then do nothing. This is why we had our sit-in before the July Fourth recess. And I will tell you what, those actions woke up my constituents. My office here in Wash-ington, D.C., and my office in Denver, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.008 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4285 July 6, 2016 
Colorado, were inundated with phone calls from people saying: ‘‘What can we do? We so desperately want something to happen.’’ This is what I said then, and this is what I say now: We cannot stop until we pass commonsense gun safety legis-lation. What does this mean? Well, for start-ers, you would think Congress, both sides of the aisle, both sides of the Cap-itol, could say, if you are on a terrorist watch list, you should not be able to buy a gun. Surely we can stipulate to that. You would think that we would agree with the vast majority of American people, Democrats and Republicans, people all around the country, that people should have thorough and suffi-cient background checks before they can obtain a weapon. You would surely think that we would allow the Federal Government to conduct research on gun safety so that we would know, as a matter of public health, what we need to do to keep our children safe in their schools, our children safe on their street cor-ners, and in their school yards. You would think, beyond that, that we could have a rational discussion, not marred by the very powerful gun lobbyists, saying: What can we do to make sure that somebody, for whatever reason they might have, doesn’t get an assault weapon and walk into a theater and kill scores of people with a high- capacity magazine in just a few min-utes? You would think we could do that, and I am hoping that we will do that. I am hoping that the tide has turned. Today, we will take up mental health legislation that was developed in my committee, the Energy and Commerce Committee. It is a bipartisan bill. I worked hard with Chairman M
URPHY  and Chairman U
PTON on this bill, and also with the Democrats on our side of the aisle, Congressman P
ALLONE and Congressman G
REEN and others. It is a good bill, but it is just a first step. We need to do a lot more with mental health in this country and, beyond that, we need to do a lot more on gun safety. Nobody should assume that this bill we are voting on today is a sub-stitute for a rational, thorough, bipar-tisan conversation on gun safety. I look forward to taking the terrible tragedies that we have seen the 20 years I have been in Congress and to dedicating commonsense gun safety legislation to all those lives that were lost. 
f 
PURSUE COMMONSENSE GUN VIOLENCE LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, when I arrived home last night, I found this note; and I won’t say the name of the family who sent it, but I will just brief-ly read a bit of the content. ‘‘Dear Congresswoman DeLauro, thank you for standing up for gun leg-islation. My three kids and I traveled from Westport, Connecticut, to D.C. today to support all those who are tak-ing a stand. I hope my children remem-ber that our government will speak up for those who can’t and protect those it serves.’’ Stand up and protect. That is the oath of office that we take. That is what our job is. And I rise today to urge my colleagues across the aisle to pursue commonsense gun violence leg-islation. We need to vote, to vote on legisla-tion that makes an impact on the epi-demic of gun violence in this country. The people of this great Nation are de-manding a vote, and we have a moral obligation and a responsibility to take action. We need to move a no fly, no buy bill, one that actually prevents potential terrorists from getting dangerous weapons, and 85 percent of the Amer-ican public supports this legislation. When we were elected to serve, we were charged with the responsibility, the responsibility to give constituents, our constituents, a voice in Wash-ington, D.C. They are crying out for ac-tion, and if we do not provide that ac-tion, what were we sent here to do? I say very frankly to the American public, if we are not addressing this need, send us home. Send us home. But our work cannot stop just with no fly, no buy. We need to address the issue of universal background checks. I would go a step further. I would ban as-sault weapons. I think we need to hold gun manufacturers accountable for crimes committed with their guns. I believe we need additional mental health resources, and to fund mental health programs sufficiently so that people get the help that they need. And we need to conduct research on gun vi-olence. For each of us, it is personal. In every community in this country the effects of gun violence have left scars, scars that are never going to heal. Again, in my State, in Connecticut, we know how devastating this can be. After the tragedy at Sandy Hook Ele-mentary, we lost six incredible, caring adults and 20 beautiful children, and we said, never again. Yet, since Sandy Hook there have been hundreds of gun deaths in Connecticut, brothers, sis-ters, children, babies. The same story is true across our country, on the streets of our cities every day, in movie theaters, in churches, in nightclubs, in safe havens. The massacre in Orlando was one of the deadliest shootings in American his-tory. Forty-nine people at the Pulse were killed; wounded, 53. I would just like to take a moment to remember just one of them, Kimberly Morris, though her friends called her K.J. She was from Connecticut and she worked at the Pulse Nightclub in Or-lando. She had recently moved from Hawaii to Orlando to help care for her mother and her grandmother. b1100 Friends said she always wore a smile. A former basketball teammate of K.J.’s from Post University in Water-bury, Connecticut, said that K.J. was ‘‘the sweetest person—I don’t think I’ve ever seen her upset. What I would say is that she had a happy soul.’’ She was only 37 when she was mur-dered at Pulse nightclub. Her death and the deaths of the other 48 people who were killed in this atrocious hate crime have left a void that cannot be filled for their families, for their friends, for the LGBT community, and for the American people. The victims’ families do not get a break from grief, so we will not take a break until we get a bill—a bill with concrete, enforceable measures that will stop the killings. We must bring comprehensive, commonsense gun vio-lence prevention measures to the floor of this people’s House and reject meas-ures that fall short of the standards this country deserves. It is the very least that we can do for the families who suffer grief that most of us will never understand. That is what our job is. That is what you elected us to do, to protect people, to protect the Amer-ican people. Not one more death, not one more empty moment of silence followed by inaction. The American people deserve concrete gun violence legislation. They deserve to know that their elected offi-cials are standing up for them and pro-tecting them. f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you talk to the Speaker of the whole House, P
AULRYAN, and let him know that we are not going away and this subject on gun violence is not going away. We have had too many people killed, too many people maimed, and too many people trauma-tized to not take up a vote on two com-monsense pieces of legislation. The first one is no fly, no buy. No fly, no buy. If you are on the terrorist watch list, you can’t get a gun. The second is universal background checks to make sure that people with dan-gerous mental instability, domestic vi-olence, and felons can’t get a gun. These are two very simple and straightforward bipartisan pieces of legislation. They have got to come up for a vote. We are not going to go away. We have had too many killings. Like D
IANA DEGETTE , I represent the Denver area. We are no stranger to mass shootings. I am going to read the names of the kids and the teacher killed at Col-umbine and the names of the people killed in the Aurora movie theater so that their deaths are not in vain and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.009 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4286 July 6, 2016 
that we actually take up some legisla-tion instead of the Republican major-ity continually ducking the conversa-tion: Rachel Scott, 17. Daniel Rohrbough, 15. Dave Sanders, the teacher, 47. Kyle Velasquez, 17. Steve Curnow, 14. Corey DePooter, 17. Cassie Bernall, 17. Daniel Mauser, 15. I was just on a telephone townhall with Daniel Mauser’s father last week talking to my constituency about gun violence. Columbine happened in 1999, and 17 years later you can hear the pain in that father’s voice about that death. Matt Kechter, 16. Kelly Fleming, 16. Isaiah Shoels, 18. John Tomlin, 16. Lauren Townsend, 18. All were cut down just as they were beginning the prime of their life. Then the Aurora movie theater 4 years ago, July 20—4 years ago. Have we had one hearing since then, Mr. Speaker? Not one. Not one. Not one vote, not one hearing. Jonathan Blunk, 26. A.J. Boik, 18. Air Force Staff Sergeant Jesse Childress, 29. Gordon Cowden, 51, a father pro-tecting his kids in that theater. Jessica Ghawi, a reporter. Navy Petty Officer Third Class John Thomas Larimer, an expert in cyber security for the Navy. Matt McQuinn, 27, died protecting his girlfriend. Micayla Medek, 23. Veronica Moser-Sullivan, 6. Alex Sullivan, 27, again, saving his girlfriend. Alex Teves, 24. Rebecca Wingo, 32. We can’t keep this up. We want a vote. We did something unprecedented last week by having a filibuster in the House, which turned into a sit-in, to make our voices heard that this can’t keep going on. We all had a good friend, Gabby Gif-fords, shot in a mass shooting in Tuc-son, Arizona, 5
1⁄2years ago. Have we had one hearing? No. Have we had one vote? No. We are asking for two things, Mr. Speaker, two votes. That is it. It is common sense: no fly, no buy and uni-versal background checks. We are not going away. This subject is not going away. We want a vote. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, once again, we are on this floor, many of us just asking—just asking—Congress to do its job, just asking Congress to act. Just a few minutes ago, an American woman was standing right here on the steps of our Capitol—your Capitol, America—and she was talking about how she has never talked publicly about the incident that took her 10- year-old daughter’s life, about a man who should not have been able to buy a gun. He went online and bought a 9-milli-meter handgun. He came to her home, broke into the backdoor and said that he was going to kill her. She ran for her 10-year-old daughter to flee from this man, and in the process, she was shot, and so was her daughter. She told the gruesome story about how her daughter died in her arms—her 10-year- old little girl. But, ladies and gentlemen, that is the story of 32,000 families every year in our great Nation. Many of you may be thinking: Well, I live in a small town somewhere where everybody knows each other; that is not going to happen. I am sorry. It happens everywhere. Some people might think: Well, that just happens in the big cities like Chi-cago. I am sorry, ladies and gentlemen, it happens in every ZIP Code around the country. We are less safe today, ladies and gentlemen, than we have ever been in America. Today, there are more weap-ons—firearms—in America than there are people. More than 320 million Americans live in our great Nation, and there are more than 320 million guns across America. There are reasons why we are less safe today than we have ever been be-fore in America, and it is not because of terrorists. It is because Congress re-fuses to act. Let me give you an example. In 1996, the United States Congress banned the Centers for Disease Control from studying gun violence and also said that you will not—you shall not— give our best minds in our greatest uni-versities the grants they would need to actually find out why are so many peo-ple dying. What are the reasons why that is happening? So Congress refuses to be informed. Congress literally, on this issue, has chosen to remain igno-rant on purpose, and that contributes to 10-year-old little girls who die be-cause a man went online and bought a gun and there were no background checks. Most Americans believe that, for God’s sake, a background check is sen-sible. Why not? But yet Congress re-fuses to have a vote on the floor of this House so that we could debate that issue and then vote it up or down. Every Member of this House who runs for office utters the words, ‘‘pub-lic safety is my number one issue.’’ I do, and so does every person who runs for office. Every person who gets elect-ed to this House of Congress gets elect-ed for a 2-year term. That means that, in the time that we get sworn in on the floor of this prestigious House, by the time we run for office—and if we are fortunate enough to get elected again— more than 60,000 Americans will die due to gun violence in those 2 years. That doesn’t make sense. I would hope and think that we are electing people to do sensible things, to do things the right way, and to do things that are right for America that will keep us safe. All we are asking for, la-dies and gentlemen, is to have a vote on sensible laws that would help keep our streets safer. I announced on this floor that I am now a grandfather. It is such a beau-tiful feeling. But in my lifetime, my children’s lifetime, and now in my grandson’s lifetime, our streets are not safer. Ladies and gentlemen, let’s demand that our Speaker allow a vote on sen-sible gun legislation in this House. f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago today, I sat down right there on this floor next to J
OHNLEWIS. Gath-ered around were House Democrats de-manding a simple demand: that we have a vote on two bills that would make our streets safer from gun vio-lence. Last week when I went home, I stood with hundreds of people on Federal Plaza in Chicago demanding the very same thing. We sat down as we stood up for gun safety. Right now, hundreds of people are outside, some standing on the steps, 91 of them wearing orange T-shirts, rep-resenting the average of 91 Americans killed by guns every day in the United States of America. I am from Chicago, and just last night, NBC News ran a story on gun vi-olence in Chicago, titled, ‘‘City Under Siege.’’ Over the Fourth of July week-end, 50 people were shot in Chicago. Three of the victims were children, in-cluding two young cousins, 8 and 5 years old, who were shot while cele-brating with their family. On one street, someone put a handmade sign that read, ‘‘Don’t shoot kids at play.’’ The stories of children caught in the middle of the ongoing gun violence epi-demic are seemingly endless. Just last week, D’Antignay Brashear was walking down the street in Chi-cago with her 4-year-old son, Kavan, when he was shot in the face. Speaking about the shooting the next day, D’Antignay said: ‘‘He was with me. He was holding my hand.’’ She thought he was safe. We cannot accept the status quo when children are unsafe walking down the street holding their mother’s hand. Kavan survived. But his mother said: ‘‘How am I going to explain to him when he looks in the mirror and sees his face?’’ I wonder, how do we explain to Kavan and his mother that this House refused to take action to prevent this from happening to him or to any other child? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.011 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4287 July 6, 2016 
b1115 Inaction in the face of these daily tragedies is simply not acceptable any-more. Chicago and Illinois are trying to re-spond to this crisis, but we need Fed-eral action. Chicago has increased its police presence. Law enforcement takes an illegal gun off the streets of Chicago every 75 minutes. Illinois has enacted reasonable gun violence pre-vention measures. There is no way for Chicago or Illi-nois to keep up with the influx of guns that are coming from across State lines. Sixty percent of the firearms used in Chicago gun crimes come from out of State. Most come from just one State: Indiana. The bloodshed in Chi-cago doesn’t start with the pull of a trigger; it starts when the gun is pur-chased without necessary precautions. In Indiana, no license or permit is re-quired to purchase a gun. There is no registration of weapons. There is no waiting period to purchase a gun. There are no restrictions on assault weapons. Any individual can take ad-vantage of the lack of gun violence pre-vention laws in Indiana, and they do. Individuals purchase firearms at gun shows with no background checks at all and drive them back to Chicago, across the State line, where they wind up on our city streets. No State can address the gun vio-lence epidemic alone. We need Federal action to require background checks on all gun purchases. Universal com-prehensive background checks will keep guns out of the hands of crimi-nals, domestic abusers, and the se-verely mentally ill. Universal back-ground checks will not stop every gun death, no—no single piece of legisla-tion, not all the legislation in the world—but they will certainly help. They will save lives. We simply can’t stay silent any longer. Each day, eight people are shot in Chicago, the American people are demanding action, and it is time that the House listened to them. Speaker R
YAN, call the bills. Maybe they will pass and maybe they won’t. The American people want to see what we are doing here on the floor of the House to make sure that no more chil-dren holding their mom’s hand crossing the street are shot again. Give us a vote. 
f 
LIFT THE RELOCATION BURDEN FROM MILITARY SPOUSES ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support our military families. Beside our Nation’s brave service-members are strong families that re-main resilient through countless relo-cations and deployments. Military spouses wear their own patches of serv-ice and share a true sense of duty to our country. They sacrifice a great deal throughout the constant moves and the unknown, all while supporting their husband or wife in uniform. These spouses are often employed in professions that require new licensing for each new location, such as teachers and nurses—vital occupations in a military community. These dedicated spouses must be allowed to maintain their hard-earned professional licenses and certifications as they relocate. That is why this week I am intro-ducing the Lift the Relocation Burden for Military Spouses Act. Military spouses serve, too, and my bill will help maintain employment continuity and greater predictability for them and their families. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. f 
VOTE ON NO FLY, NO BUY AND BACKGROUND CHECKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, as we started what is com-monly referred to as ‘‘our 5 minutes,’’ the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) talked about a proposal that he would like to bring forward to this body. We wish him well in that. He also wondered aloud why it would be that Democrats are so interested in bring-ing two commonsense proposals that he feels might fail—because it is our constitutional responsibility to the citizens that we are sworn to serve and represent. Speaker R
YANhas said: ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues. We will take them head on . . . we should not hide our disagreements. We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest disagreements honestly stated.’’ The Speaker is right. He is an honor-able man. He met with J
OHNLEWIS and myself last evening. J
OHN LEWIS is the con-science of the House of Representatives and, I dare say, the soul of this Nation. The Speaker and J
OHN LEWIS engaged in a conversation that was reverent in its tone and respectful. We stated, as no one better than J
OHN LEWIS can, with great clarity about what is hap-pening all across the Nation—the cata-strophic loss of life due to gun violence and the utter frustration on the part of people on this side of the aisle and, frankly, families and people all across this great Nation, simply asking for the dignity of a vote—our constitu-tional responsibility. The Speaker did say to us and asked aloud in a quandary, not as a deal or not as any rationale, but today there is an important bill, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, authored by T
IMMURPHY , a Republican, sup-ported by Democrats who worked to-gether. Democrats would have done more and felt the bill could have been more comprehensive and better funded. The important thing is that the Nation wants to see us move forward. We said to the Speaker we would take this message back to our caucus. And I say, appealing as Lincoln would, to the better angels of your side, as we embrace this issue today and support this effort bipartisanly, think long and hard about joining us. There has to be more than five of you on the other side who will come with us and support commonsense legislation. Background checks that are fundamental that law enforcement knows are what we abso-lutely need to assist in this goal of making sure that we keep this country safer are what is required. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that in the midst of our disagreement, in the midst of our dissent and continued presence on this floor, to articulate our deep feelings and commitment to the citizens we are sworn to serve, you will permit that the majority will allow a vote to take place on this floor which will demonstrate to this great country that this United States Congress can work. It will start today. It will happen when that bill comes to the floor. This side of the aisle joins with you to get an important piece of legislation passed and adopted as it relates to the mental health crisis in this country. As DIANA DEGETTE said, it should not be considered a substitute, but what it should be considered is a step that we can work together in a common cause. It is what the American people expect from us. We should give them no less. Minimally, we deserve a vote, a vote on no fly, no buy and a vote on back-ground checks. 
f 
VOTE ON NO FLY, NO BUY AND BACKGROUND CHECKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. H
ONDA ) for 21⁄2minutes. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, Omar Mateen should not have had access to a gun, yet he walked into the Pulse nightclub and murdered 49 people and injured many more. Syed Farooq and Tashfeen Malik should not have had access to guns, but were able to buy several weapons, which they used to kill 14 people in San Bernardino. Gerald Villabrille should not have had access to a gun, yet he shot two po-lice officers in Fremont, California, early last month. That is in my dis-trict. These aren’t isolated incidents. Rath-er, they represent an epidemic in this country. With most epidemics, we im-mediately set about trying to find a cure, or at least a treatment. But with gun violence, we have settled for mo-ments of silence. Well, enough of that. A couple of weeks ago, Democrats got together and said, Enough is enough. We took to the House floor to demand House Speaker R
YAN and Re-publican leadership bring bills that would counter this epidemic to a vote. In response, Speaker R
YAN called our efforts to get a vote a stunt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.013 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4288 July 6, 2016 
Eighty-five percent of Americans support no fly, no buy gun legislation and more than 90 percent support uni-versal background checks. Yet, Speak-er R
YANhas refused to bring these two measures up for a vote, shutting out the voices and views of the American people. He is opposing popular com-monsense legislation. Mr. Speaker, you have the power to allow people to take the vote on the floor. Mr. Speaker, you have the power to make sure that people in this coun-try will be safe with commonsense laws to prevent gun violence. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 26 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend James R. Shaw, Agnus Dei Lutheran Church, Fredericksburg, Vir-ginia, offered the following prayer: Heavenly Father, Son, and Holy Spir-it, grant unto those gathered, rep-resenting all people of this great Na-tion: Knowledge to pursue the good when the outlook seems dark; Wisdom to vote for what is best for all; Courage to choose the unpopular, but better; Boldness to go where creativity has never gone; Love to care for the poor and needy; Faith to step forward and lead the misguided; Understanding to provide for what is truly needed; Mercy to forgive those who have transgressed; Hope for a prosperous future as op-portunities unfold; The eyes of a child to approach life’s work with diverse wonderment; Ears to hear the still small voice of God; Hands to set free the persecuted and the oppressed; A sense for those things hidden which may prove dangerous; And a vision of joy for all languages and cultures. In Thanksgiving for Your providence, we pray in Jesus’ name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. R
ICE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. RICE of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING JAMES R. SHAW The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to in-troduce to my colleagues our guest chaplain for the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives today, Reverend James R. Shaw. Pastor Shaw serves the Agnus Dei Lutheran Church in Fredericks-burg, Virginia. After working for a Fortune 500 com-pany in the IT management division, Reverend Shaw graduated summa cum laude from Concordia University in Wisconsin and proceeded to obtain his Master of Divinity from Concordia Theological Seminary, Fort Wayne, In-diana. Reverend Shaw accepted a call to Pilgrim Lutheran Church in Decatur, Illinois, in February 2008. He is now serving as missionary at large on be-half of the United Lutheran Mission Association at Agnus Dei in the Spot-sylvania/Fredericksburg area of Vir-ginia. He has gone on to serve congrega-tions as a pastor, currently serving a small startup, Agnus Dei Lutheran Church, Fredericksburg, Virginia. He also serves as VP of administration, CIO/CTO, and professor of church his-tory and ethics at Walther Theological Seminary, Decatur, Illinois. Mr. Speaker, Agnus Dei Lutheran Church is a church that is indeed alive. Reverend Shaw and the entire church family minister each day through wor-ship services, daily prayer, and by serv-ing those in need through ministries that support families by providing grief and crisis counseling. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues today to welcome Reverend Shaw, his wife, Peggy, and the rest of his family who have joined him today. May God bless his family and may God bless the church family at Clearwater’s Calvary Baptist Church as well as our country today. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 further requests for 1- minute speeches on each side of the aisle. CONGRATULATIONS TO COASTAL CAROLINA UNIVERSITY (Mr. RICE of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am so excited to rise today to congratulate a small university of 10,000 students in Horry County, South Carolina: Coastal Carolina University. Coastal Carolina may be small in size, but it is huge in achievement. CCU has had a couple of remarkable achievements in the last several weeks. You see, Coastal Carolina is the alma mater of 2016 U.S. Open champion, Dustin Johnson, and the home of the 2016 NCAA World Series champion, Coastal Carolina University Chan-ticleer baseball team. After falling behind in game one, the Chants came back to win the final two games in a nail-biting best-of-three se-ries. The Arizona Wildcats were an ad-mirable opponent and came to play, but the perseverance, dedication, and true love of the game carried the Chants to victory. Year after year, the Chants field re-markable athletes in every sport, and their achievements are often oversized. But this year’s Chanticleer baseball team ran the table, and when the last pitch was thrown in Omaha, they brought the national title home. Not only is this the first NCAA title for CCU baseball, it is the school’s first na-tional title in any sport. I want to recognize a few players who hail from the Seventh District of South Carolina: infielder and pitcher, Jordan Gore; first baseman, Kevin Woodhall, Jr.; and the all-star designated hitter, G.K. Young. Of course, this team’s success wouldn’t be possible without the lead-ership of head coach Gary Gilmore and his remarkable coaching staff. A grad-uate of CCU himself, Coach Gilmore has led the Chants baseball team for 22 successful seasons. This national title is a win for all the players, the coaches, CCU, and all fans across South Carolina. Congratula-tions, Coastal Carolina University. Go, Chants. f 
THE NRA HAS SPOKEN (Ms. SPEIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, on the Fourth of July in my district I held a sit-in at a local movie theater to de-clare our independence from the NRA. The gun lobby doesn’t have a single vote in this House. Or does it have 247? I ask that question because we can’t even get a vote on the floor—just a vote—to prevent suspected terrorists who can’t buy a plane ticket in the United States, but they can go out and buy a gun, no questions asked. The NRA has spoken. Only a bill that would require the FBI to establish by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.014 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4289 July 6, 2016 
probable cause that the person is a ter-rorist and do so in a court of law and do so within 3 days, otherwise the gun would be turned over to the terrorist. And, by the way, you would also have to inform the terrorist that they are on the suspected or known list. It is a laughable proposal. It is a fig leaf, and it is a joke if it wasn’t such an impor-tant issue. The NRA spends $3.7 million on the candidates in the House and the Sen-ate. It is time for them to no longer have a seat in this House. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE COASTAL CAROLINA CHAN-TICLEERS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last Thursday, Coastal Caro-lina University won their first-ever na-tional title in the College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska. The Chanticleers defeated the Ari-zona Wildcats 4–3 in the final game of the series. I am grateful to recognize the entire team, and especially hon-oring four members from the Second Congressional District: Andrew Beckwith of Blythewood, Connor Owings and Mike Morrison of Gilbert, and Brandon Miller of Aiken. Andrew, a junior at Coastal Carolina, first demonstrated his skills at Blythewood High School in South Carolina’s Second District. He led Blythewood to a 27–7 record and se-cured a 4A State championship in 2013. Andrew was also named the most out-standing player of the 2016 College World Series. Prior to attending Coastal Carolina, seniors Connor Owings and Mike Morri-son led Gilbert High School to a 2A State championship. Both Connor and Mike earned recognition on the Big South Presidential Honor Roll from 2013 to 2015. Freshman Brandon Miller, from Aiken High School, earned Second Team All-Area by the Augusta Chron-icle. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations to Coastal Carolina University, represented by Congress-man T
OMRICE. 
f 
WE WILL CONTINUE TO PUSH FOR A VOTE (Mrs. NAPOLITANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, we are here because a lot of the families from everywhere are asking for gun control. Families in our district want the House to act. Poll after poll indi-cates public support to prevent gun vi-olence. Democrats want to pass real reform, but the House Republicans refuse to allow a vote. We want action in this House, but Congress passes nothing. No more silence. Watch who is preventing the action: the gun lobby, NRA, and our Republican colleagues. The last meaningful legislation on gun control was in 1994, the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act. Crimes involving guns happen fre-quently, too often, 91 a day, motivated mostly by hate and racism. We need dialogue in this House of the people. This is where the action is, on the floor and in committee. I would like to thank all of my friends and people in the district who called, wrote, and posted on social media. They all want action. They want Congress, the House to pass and do something. We must keep guns out of the hands of individuals with violent histories and domestic abusers. We need to pass no fly, no buy so that no one on the terrorist watch list is allowed to pur-chase a gun. There needs to be uni-versal background checks in all States. Do not stigmatize those with mental illness who are more often victims rather than perpetrators of gun vio-lence. We will continue to push for a vote. I encourage all of you to continue the calls to the Speaker and my House Re-publican colleagues. This is too crit-ical. We must act now. Give us a vote. f 
HONORING ELIE WIESEL (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and contributions of Elie Wiesel. Mr. Wiesel was a passionate ad-vocate for peace, human rights, and the dignity of all people. His moral author-ity on international affairs served as a constant reminder and challenge to global leaders to always stand up against violence and genocide, even when it may be easier to do nothing. He sought to use his public platform to highlight atrocities in Darfur, Ethi-opia, South Africa, and Yugoslavia; and he called on leaders to take action. He was a strong advocate for the State of Israel, the need for a Jewish home-land, and the spiritual importance of Jerusalem to the Jewish people. Mr. Wiesel’s belief in the moral abso-lute of peace was shaped by his per-sonal experience during the Holocaust, which claimed the lives of his father, his mother, and his sister. Generations of children now have learned about the horrors of the Holocaust through his firsthand account in the novel ‘‘Night.’’ Mr. Speaker, Elie Wiesel was a vi-sionary scholar and activist. His mes-sage of peace and never forgetting the atrocities of the Holocaust will live on for generations to come. REDUCE THE SCOURGE OF GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, last week, a few days after my colleagues and I sat down right here in the House to demand action on legislation to re-duce gun violence, I went home to Maine. I heard from so many of my constituents who asked: Is something finally going to happen in Washington on this issue? Well, I don’t have a crystal ball, and we live in an unpredictable time, so that is a hard question to answer. But it was especially hard to answer last week when the person asking was the daughter of the principal who was killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School or the parents of a young woman shot and killed in Maine by a handgun that had been sold without a background check. The question was not just for me; it was for all of us. Will we finally do something to reduce the scourge of gun violence that is sweeping this country? Will we finally do something to limit access to guns by criminals and sus-pected terrorists? Erica wants to know because her mother was killed by an assault rifle as she protected students at Sandy Hook. Judi and Wayne want to know because their daughter was shot with a hand-gun while she slept in her apartment. Mr. Speaker, I hope our answer is yes. 
f 
90TH ANNUAL NATIONAL CHERRY FESTIVAL (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, this week northern Michigan is proud to host the 90th Annual National Cherry Festival in Traverse City. The festival consists of over 150 events and activi-ties with over 500,000 attendees over the course of 8 days. The cherry festival celebrates not only the delicious Michigan cherry treats on dinner tables for millions of Americans, but the enormous economic impact of cherry production. In fact, just this past year, Michigan compa-nies produced 75 percent of the Na-tion’s tart cherries, with 50 percent of those grown in Michigan’s First Dis-trict. This past month we were proud to bring a little bit of the festival here to Washington, D.C. The cherry festival queen, Danielle Bott, came to visit my office, bringing along some great cher-ry festival spirit and pie. I was honored to show her around the Capitol and in-troduce her to Speaker R
YAN. I want to thank all the organizers of the cherry festival, the thousands of volunteers, and the hardworking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.016 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4290 July 6, 2016 
Michigan farmers who bring us cherries and all the delicious Michigan agricul-tural products. We are so happy to enjoy the fruits of their labor. 
f 
b1215 BRING THE BILL UP FOR A VOTE (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker and Members, earlier this morning, hundreds of survivors of gun violence and victims of gun violence gathered out in front. Catherine Bodine from Ohio told us a story about how she was wounded and her daughter Samantha was murdered. That murderer couldn’t legally buy a firearm because he was a felon. He couldn’t pass a background check. So he went online, found the gun, bought it, and wounded Catherine and mur-dered her daughter. H.R. 1217 is a bipartisan piece of leg-islation with 186 coauthors. It is bipar-tisan and it is pro-Second Amendment. Ninety percent of the American people believe we should expand and strength-en background checks and close those loopholes, a loophole that allowed that murderer to kill Samantha. Mr. Speaker, please bring this bill up for a vote. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CALHOUN HIGH SCHOOL LADY WARRIORS (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Calhoun High School Lady Warriors on winning back-to- back Illinois class 1A State softball championships. The team, which fin-ished the season with a 40–2 record, de-feated Princeville by a score of 3–0 on June 4 to secure its second consecutive championship. In addition to their State title, the Lady Warriors set team and individual softball records for the entire State of Illinois. They were the first softball team since 2010 to win a State cham-pionship after earning 40 wins, and the first class 1A team to do so. During the team’s championship run, junior pitcher Grace Baalman broke two Illinois High School Association softball records. She now holds the record for the most strikeouts in a game, with 39 strikeouts in the 17-in-ning semifinal game and most strike-outs in a season, with 589. The Lady Warriors are setting a standard for athletic excellence in Cal-houn County. In addition to the con-secutive State softball titles, Calhoun High School’s girls basketball team also won a class 1A State championship this spring. Congratulations to this group of stu-dent athletes on another championship season, and I hope to have the oppor-tunity to congratulate them on a soft-ball championship three-peat next year. f 
PROTECT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to add my voice to the millions calling on Congress to protect the American people. It is impossible to ignore the terrible reality that gun violence is just far too common in this country. The most re-cent shooting in Orlando, the deadliest mass shooting in our history, is a trag-ic reminder that Congress has yet to take action to protect the American people. That is why, 2 weeks ago, I and a number of my colleagues sat down on the floor of this House to stand up and say that we have had enough. That is why I went home to Michigan and stood with my own constituents back home to call for commonsense gun ac-tion. It is simple, simply requiring that a person who is on the terrorist watch list, too dangerous to purchase an air-plane ticket, should not be able to walk into any shop and buy a gun at any time, for any purpose. It is also a commonsense provision the American people support. We should close the loophole on background checks so that all weapon purchases are subject to a background check, rather than bringing false bills written by the NRA. It is far too long. We need to act. I call on Congress to act. 
f 
WIOA AND THE CENTRALINA COUNCIL OF GOVERNMENTS (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, passage of the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act was an important step for the millions of Americans who are looking for work and for the em-ployers who have job opportunities that remain unfilled due to the skills gap. In a nine-county region in North Carolina, the Centralina Council of Governments and Centralina Work-force Development Board are utilizing the new law to foster a modern work-force that local businesses can rely on to compete. WIOA funds have been used to de-velop an innovative online career search tool that matches the region’s students and job seekers with in-de-mand careers, needed skills, and local education. They have also been used in the Centralina region to provide skills development for in-demand jobs, place-ment for dislocated workers and career advisers, and business services rep-resentatives through local NCWorks Career Centers. I applaud the work of the Centralina COG and the Workforce Development Board and am pleased they are making the most of the modern workforce de-velopment system provided by WIOA. f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, it has been more than 3 weeks since 49 inno-cent people were shot to death in Or-lando. From Orlando to Oregon, Ameri-cans are saying enough is enough and demanding that Congress take mean-ingful action to prevent gun violence. This week, Congress should close the loophole that allows convicted felons, domestic abusers, and terrorists to buy guns without a background check. Con-gress should dedicate resources to the Centers for Disease Control to study gun violence. It is a public health cri-sis. Congress should take steps to keep deadly, military-style weapons out of the hands of dangerous people. Enough is enough. We have lost too many children, too many mothers, fa-thers, sisters, brothers, coworkers, friends, and neighbors. It is long past time for Congress to take meaningful action to save lives. Let’s do what 90 percent of Ameri-cans want us to do. Let’s pass the bi-partisan universal background check bill today. Enough is enough. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JOE BUSSONE (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of longtime Sycamore, Illinois, resident Joe Bussone, who passed away on June 14 at age 89. Bussone joined the Navy after high school and served on three different landing ship tanks in the Pacific dur-ing World War II. He was proud of his country and believed it was an honor to serve its people. Following the war, Joe went to Brad-ley University in Peoria, Illinois, and then joined General Electric as a prod-uct engineer. In DeKalb, Bussone ran his own business and was known for promoting the efforts of local non-profits, including Family Service Agency, local Kiwanis and Rotary Clubs, the Knights of Columbus, St. Mary’s Catholic Church, and others. At the intersection of Elm and Cali-fornia, he would often sell poppies and other items to raise money for local charitable causes. In his honor, the city named a nearby alley Joe Bussone Boulevard. As a commander at the local VFW post, Bussone always en-couraged his fellow veterans of all gen-erations. A respected community leader and loved by the family he leaves behind, Joe’s humble service will be missed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.017 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4291 July 6, 2016 
GUN VIOLENCE SIT-IN (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, last week, I brought our historic gun violence sit-in back home to my district in Los Ange-les to give my constituents a chance to make their voices heard. Over 100 peo-ple joined me to demand action from this Congress. Many of them had mes-sages for you, Speaker R
YAN, and I promised that I would bring their sto-ries back to Washington and make sure that you heard them. Shannon Ross stood with tears in her eyes at our sit-in, holding a photo of her cousin, as she explained that she had been shot and killed just blocks away from where our event was held. Sarah Wirtz, whose niece was killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School, talked about the painful decision her sister had to make, deciding whether to bury her daughter with her favorite stuffed animal or keep it to remember her by. A war veteran from Compton told the crowd that, even though his son was shot and killed 24 years ago, he still cries every day. Nora, a mother from San Pedro, said that she lives in fear of her son being shot because he is gay. Mr. Speaker, I am calling on you to listen to the stories of the people in my community and communities across this country. Empathize with the pain they feel every day, and allow us to vote on real solutions to prevent gun violence. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH ACT (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge passage of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, which Con-gressman T
IMMURPHY introduced into Congress. I am a proud cosponsor. Federal mental health programs are a patchwork of antiquated programs across many agencies. Jails have be-come de facto mental health facilities. As a caregiver to a family member with a mental health diagnosis, I know how difficult finding proper treatment can be. The country is also experiencing an epidemic of drug use, closely related to mental health disorders. It is time we recognize these problems for what they are: diseases creating a public health emergency. Mr. M
URPHY ’s bill creates a leader-ship post at the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administra-tion. Among other provisions, it re-moves legal barriers to families trying to help loved ones and provides incen-tives for more mental health profes-sionals to join the field. It authorizes State grants and requires better data analysis. Last year, for the first time in a dec-ade, the U.S. death rate rose due to in-creased drug abuse and suicide. To turn the tide, I urge my colleagues to vote for the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. f 
PREVENTING GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, every day, 170 felons, 50 domestic abusers, and 20 fugitives are prevented from buying a gun after a background check raised a red flag. Unfortunately, loopholes allow buy-ers to circumvent background checks at gun shows and over the Internet, which represents 40 percent of all gun purchases. This practice is neither safe nor smart. It is not fair to responsible gun buyers or sellers. Closing these loopholes has broad bi-partisan support. In fact, 90 percent of Americans—and 81 percent of Repub-licans—support background checks for all gun purchases. Congress can and should do more to prevent gun violence. Background checks can keep guns out of the hands of violent criminals, fugitives, and peo-ple under investigation for terror ac-tivity. It is time for a vote on this common-sense and bipartisan measure. Let’s close these loopholes and keep guns out of the hands of terrorists and crimi-nals. 
f 
IMMIGRATION POLICIES HURT AMERICANS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, two recent reports demonstrate the de-gree to which Federal immigration laws are not enforced by this adminis-tration. A new study by the Center for Immi-gration Studies shows that almost 1 million illegal immigrants have been ordered deported but remain in the country. The administration doesn’t seem to care. A second report found that the administration refuses to take the steps necessary to send criminal immigrants back to their countries of origin. As a result, thousands of dan-gerous criminal immigrants are re-leased into our neighborhoods; one- third commit additional crimes, in-cluding murder and sexual assault, against innocent Americans. Our borders are not secure. One-half million people come into the U.S. ille-gally every year. But the administra-tion, instead of enforcing laws, wants to give amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. The immigration policies of this administration continue to hurt Americans. VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Auburn, Washington, March 31, 2013: Nicholas Lindsay, 25; Lorenzo Duncan, 23; Antuan Greer, 21. Suwanee, Georgia, July 22, 2015: Jerry Manning, 75 years old; Rebecca Manning, 37; Jacob Smith, 9; Jared Smith, 8. Baltimore, Maryland, January 23, 2013: Deshaun Jones, 15. Chattanooga, Tennessee, January 23, 2015: Demetrius Davis, 19. St. Louis, Missouri, January 25, 2013: Terry Robinson, Jr., 28. Cedar Bluff, Alabama, November 16, 2015: Sylvia Duffy, 71; Clara Edwards, 68; Pamela O’Shel, 48. Jonesboro, Arkansas, May 3, 2014: Crisanto Islas, 38; Richardo Lopez, 31; Floza Davila, 12; Brayam Davila, 10. f 
b1230 FIDUCIARY RULE (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, 33 percent of Americans have no retirement savings. This is why it is so difficult to understand why the De-partment of Labor recently finalized a ‘‘fiduciary rule’’ that will harm the ability of Americans, especially those of modest means, to save for retire-ment. By imposing new and needlessly bur-densome standards on financial experts who provide investment advice to Americans, the ‘‘fiduciary rule’’ will price many retirees out of the market, causing a ‘‘guidance gap’’ which will lead to Americans saving less money or worse, not saving at all. We can’t allow this burdensome rule to wreak havoc on the financial future of American citizens. I am proud to stand up for low- and medium-income Minnesotans who are trying to save for retirement today by voting to prevent the implementation of this misguided rule. Despite the President’s veto, I remain committed to preventing this rule from harming the futures of everyday Minnesotans. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, 1 week ago, in my district, we gathered with survivors of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.019 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4292 July 6, 2016 
gun violence and supporters of gun re-form to hold our own sit-in, in Carl Schurz Park, protesting the fact that this Congress has not acted on sensible gun violence reform. No more moments of silence. We want action on the floor to protect our people. We heard from many victims like Kim Russell. Her life was spared, but her friend was murdered when robbers broke into their home. She lives in fear that the attacker will get his hands on another gun and kill other people. We need to answer to Kim and to the families of the 49 gunned down in Or-lando and to the thousands of other victims of gun violence and the hun-dreds of other victims that are outside today on the steps of the Capitol urg-ing us to vote, urging us to act. Have a vote. If you want to vote against it, fine, but let’s have a vote on two sensible bills: no fly, no buy, and comprehensive background checks. Let’s protect our people. Let’s act on sensible gun protection. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE MENTAL HEALTH LEGISLATION (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, it has been over 2 years since my colleague from Pennsylvania, Mr. T
IMMURPHY , first introduced this comprehensive mental health bill. And every day since then, the country watched as Rep-resentative M
URPHY , a clinical psychol-ogist, continued his uphill battle to overhauling our frequently and signifi-cantly broken mental health system. Slowly but surely, strides were made. Not only did his message resonate here in Congress, but it brought a lot of hope to many suffering around the country with this illness. It is no surprise to anyone here today that we have a mental health crisis in this country. Yet, the chaotic system that exists today, while may be well- intended, is the exact reason why so many individuals are left to fend for themselves, many times finding them-selves in prison, homeless, or hospital-ized. The system is broken, but this bill gives us the option to change that. By replacing the duplicative and ineffec-tive programs with evidence-based care, reforming outdated privacy laws, enhancing coordination with oversight from actual experts in psychology, and increasing access to psychiatric re-sources, we can provide hope to those suffering that help is on the way for them. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this extremely important bill, H.R. 2646, and thank Congressman M
URPHY for his diligence and for stick-ing to it. TERRORIST LOOPHOLE/UNIVERSAL BACKGROUND CHECKS (Miss RICE of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, before I was elected to Congress, I was a prosecutor for more than two dec-ades, and I am thinking today of all the times I have sat with devastated mothers and fathers whose sons and daughters had just been taken from them. I think about how small our debates must seem to them, how insulted they must be when they hear Members of Congress suggest that there is simply nothing we could have done to prevent their child’s murder. There are meaningful actions we can take today. We can require background checks for all commercial gun sales in America. And when the FBI and the Attorney General have reason to be-lieve that someone is engaged in ter-rorist activity, we can give them the authority to prohibit that person from buying a gun. That is common sense. These two actions will save lives and will not in any way restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding American citizens. While I appreciate that the Speaker may allow at least one vote on a bill related to gun violence this week, it is not a meaningful bill. It allows the government to prohibit the sale of a gun to a suspected terrorist only if they can show probable cause that the person is engaged in terrorist activity with a 72-hour deadline. Victims of gun violence deserve more than that. Their families and friends deserve more than that. The American people deserve and demand more than that. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF EDNA YODER (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for a very special moment, to recognize a wonderful woman, mother, grandmother, and great grandmother, someone who has been one of the most important role models in my life, my grandmother, Edna Yoder. Last week, Edna marked the mile-stone of her 105th birthday, and we gathered as a family to celebrate her. The Lord has blessed her with great health and good spirits, and I cannot be more thankful for her and proud to have her as part of my family. She is a sweet, caring, and loving woman who values the important things in life: her faith in God and her family. She is a true example of what makes America such a strong and vi-brant Nation. Born in 1911, as one of 14 children, she spent her life on the farm working tire-lessly, milking cows at dawn and bring-ing in the wheat harvest in the hot Kansas sun. She has seen hard times and good times, lived through 18 dif-ferent Presidential administrations, 22 different Speakers of the House, with a front seat to the great American cen-tury. Today, Grandma, on behalf of the United States Congress, I wish you a belated happy 105th birthday and many more to come. I love you. f 
UNDOCUMENTED TEXAS VALEDICTORIANS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Mayte Ibarra and Larissa Martinez, two undocumented valedictorians from Texas, for their academic achievement and bravery amid the anti-immigrant rhetoric that was wielded their way. Mayte and Larissa’s educational ex-cellence is living proof of the American Dream. No matter what your immigra-tion status may be, if you work hard and dream, anything is possible. Their determination and academic success, despite the personal obstacles that were in front of them, helped get them into the University of Texas and Yale. Larissa’s valedictorian speech re-minds us of how important immigra-tion reform is. I want to read you a quote. ‘‘The most important part of the immigration debate and the part most often overlooked is the fact that immi-grants, undocumented or otherwise, are people too. They are people with dreams, aspirations, hopes, and loved ones.’’ We should all take this message to heart, Mr. Speaker, no matter what your political background may be. We can no longer ignore the anti-immi-grant rhetoric that we hear today. In-stead, let’s praise Larissa and Mayte’s academic success and work to remove barriers to prevent any hardworking student from achieving the American Dream. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CORA WILSON, STOP THE VIOLENCE (Ms. SEWELL of Alabama asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, in honor of Cora Wilson, let’s stop the violence. I rise today to tell the story of Cora Wilson, a 34-year-old mother from Birmingham, Alabama, who was shot and killed by her ex-boy-friend in front of her eight children on May 12, 2016. Like many women who suffer from domestic violence, Cora Wilson en-dured abuse for too long. On a Wednes-day night in May of 2016, her abuser ig-nored the restraining order and showed up at the house, where he killed Ms. Wilson and shot four of her children. I cannot mourn this tragedy with my community without doing all that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.021 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4293 July 6, 2016 
can to prevent such events from hap-pening in the future. Congress must act now. The intersection between domestic violence and gun safety is paramount. While I am a supporter of the Second Amendment, the rights protected in the Second Amendment are not im-mune from government regulation. In fact, Congress has repeatedly failed to pass commonsense gun safety reform. Make no mistake, strengthening the background checks, eliminating gun show loopholes, and preventing poten-tial terrorists will not limit the rights of lawful gun owners to protect and de-fend themselves. The rising tide of gun violence in our communities must stop. In memory of Cora Wilson and the thousands of other domestic violence senseless deaths, let’s act now. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against congres-sional inaction on gun violence. I represent the 11th District of Illi-nois, which includes the great cities of Aurora and Joliet. And I am also the only Ph.D. scientist in Congress. As a scientist, I always look at the facts, and the facts are crystal clear that gun violence is a public health crisis and Congress needs to do more to keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. It is not just the mass shootings that we read about on national news. In the cities in my district, gun violence of all kinds is an issue that we struggle with every day. Leading medical groups have taken note of the effects of gun violence on our communities and have called for change. Just this month, the American Med-ical Association called gun violence a public health crisis. When the foremost medical group in our country calls for action, it is time for Congress to listen. But Congress will not even allow the Centers for Disease Control to study the causes of gun violence and its ef-fects on our communities. We need a rational and effective ap-proach to gun violence for the sake of our communities and the safety of the American people. 
f 
GUN OWNERSHIP IS NOT AN ABSOLUTE RIGHT (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, our laws allow law-abiding citizens the right to possess guns. But why should that right allow those who are reasonably suspected of terrorist activity to pur-chase weapons of mass destruction? Gun ownership is not an absolute right. Some weapons should be banned, and some people should not be allowed to buy guns. Specifically, let’s start today with the proposition that if you are on the terrorist watch list, you should be placed on the gun no buy list. Yes, if you are on the terrorist watch list, you should not be able to buy a gun. Why defend people who are reason-ably, reasonably, reasonably suspected by the FBI to be terrorists or terrorist sympathizers? H.R. 5611 fails to value the safety, se-curity, and the lives of the American people. It is simple. We must vote on legislation that truly says, no fly, no buy. Speaker RYAN, bring up the King- Thompson bill, H.R. 1076, to assure that those individuals on the terrorist no- fly list should not be able to buy guns. Speaker R
YAN, protect the American people. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois) laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Armed Services: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: I will be taking a leave of absence from the House Committee on Armed Services (HASC) since I have been selected to serve on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. As a rep-resentative of San Antonio, TX, Military City USA, it has been a privilege and an honor to serve on this committee. During my time with HASC, I have worked with my colleagues to meet the needs of our men and women in uniform and provide the Department of Defense with the capability required to meet the security challenges of the 21st century. The federal government’s most important responsibility is ensuring the safety of the American people. I look forward to con-tinuing my efforts in Congress to protect our nation and its people. Sincerely, J
OAQUIN CASTRO , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO THE PERMANENT SELECT COM-MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces, without objection, the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to clause 11 of rule X, clause 11 of rule I, and the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, and notwithstanding the re-quirement of clause 11(a)(1)(D) of rule X, of the following Member of the House to the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence: Mr. C
ASTRO , Texas. There was no objection. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4361, FEDERAL INFORMA-TION SYSTEMS SAFEGUARDS ACT OF 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MO-TIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 803 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 803 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and amend-ments specified in this section and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-59. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules ac-companying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. Any Mem-ber may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. S
EC. 2. It shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of July 7, 2016, or July 8, 2016, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV, relating to a meas-ure addressing the Federal Aviation Admin-istration. 
b1245 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.022 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4294 July 6, 2016 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to my friend from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. During consideration of this res-olution, all time yielded is for the pur-pose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin at the end of the Reading Clerk’s recitation of the rule. It makes in order that at any time on July 7 or 8 the Speaker can entertain motions to suspend the rules and bring up the FAA bill. In addition to serving on the Rules Committee, I serve on the Transpor-tation Committee. We have been work-ing very hard with the Senate to try to bring an FAA extension to a conclu-sion. We are very close to getting that done. But without the passage of this rule, we would not be able to consider that expeditiously later in the week. So among the many reasons to support the rule today, I would like to encour-age my friends who care about trans-portation and who care about the Fed-eral Aviation Administration during this holiday season to support the rule on those merits alone. But the primary purpose of the rule today, Mr. Speaker, is to bring up H.R. 4361. It is a bill designed to make some relatively minor, but important, changes to the way we interact with Federal Government employees. For example, Mr. Speaker, it ought to go without saying that focusing on pornography in the workplace during your daily activities should be prohib-ited. I would have guessed that it was. It certainly is in my office, but that commonsense provision is contained in this bill. It extends the probationary period, Mr. Speaker. As you know, when you get involved as a Federal Government employee, the stereotypical answer is that you can never be fired. You can be completely derelict and never be re-lieved from civil service. That is not true, and most of our Federal Govern-ment workers are incredibly conscien-tious. But it is true that we often do not have a long enough probationary period to find out whether or not some-one is going to be a good civil servant. This extends the length of that proba-tionary period from 1 year to 2 years so that we will have time to look at those employees. It adds accountability to what they call the Senior Executive Service, Mr. Speaker. That is that area just above civil service folks oftentimes at the highest points in their career providing incredibly valuable work to the govern-ment. But it has been a challenge for folks to provide managerial account-ability to those individuals, and we have added those improvements to the underlying text as well. This is a compilation of many dif-ferent ideas that have all been vetted individually. We have combined them together. Again, they are independent ideas, but they are all focused around the idea of how do we give the tax-payers the best bang for their buck when it comes to America’s civil serv-ice system. Now, this came out of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Mr. Speaker, but that is not to say that folks will not have some other ideas on how to make this bill better. I would like to tell you, Mr. Speaker— and I don’t do so with a small amount of pride; I do so with a great amount of pride—that every single Member who brought amendments to the Rules Committee yesterday and said they had ideas about how to improve this bill, every single Member that brought amendments got amendments. We talk about how to run this insti-tution, Mr. Speaker, in a way that gives folks a voice. We have seen in re-cent times that how folks express their voice varies in this institution. I think it is important that we find a respect-ful way to have a dialogue about the ideas. The Rules Committee is not al-ways able to make everything in order. In fact, we weren’t able to make every-thing in order last night either, but every single Member who came to make their case, every single Member who submitted ideas to the committee was heard and will have an opportunity to bring their ideas here on the floor of the House. Mr. Speaker, this is the way we ought to be doing business. This is the way that the Rules Committee was de-signed to operate. It is a rule that all of my colleagues can be proud of. I hope that we will quickly dispense with this rule so that we can get on to the underlying legislation. I encourage all my Members to vote in the affirmative. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to the rule and the under-lying bill, H.R. 4361. Once again, this rule is not open. It does not make in order all amendments that were offered at our meeting yes-terday. It makes in order some of them, but not all of them. In fact, much less would be offered here on the floor if we allowed this under an open rule where Members would have the op-portunity to offer germane amend-ments while we were having the de-bate. This is a silly bill. It would simply attempt to prevent the President from being President for the rest of his term of office. We elect Presidents of the United States to 4 years in office. I un-derstand the gentleman from Georgia may not have voted for this particular President. There have been Presidents in the past that I haven’t voted for, but according to our Constitution, their term is 4 years. It is a particularly silly effort be-cause it is a bill that requires the President’s signature. Of course, the President, rightly so, has said that he will veto it. Why would a President support a bill that says: I am agreeing to not do anything for the final 6 months of my Presidency? This bill is really more of a talking point just trying to further delegitimize the current President of the United States. It is part of a sys-tematic effort throughout this great President’s time in office to delegitimize him and prevent him from doing the duty to which he was elected, to serve as our Commander in Chief and chief of the executive branch in government which, of course, involves rulemaking authority, which has al-ways been the prerogative of the execu-tive branch. Now, we can write tighter legisla-tion, and we probably should. That is a matter of legislative prerogative to prevent future Presidents of both par-ties from interpreting the authority we give them in ways that are contrary to this body’s goals. But you certainly can’t fault a President when you leave them the discretionary authority in bills that pass this body to become law simply trying to make them work. Now, this is a messaging bill, again, to delegitimize the President. Well, it turns out that we Democrats have our own messaging that we want to do as well, and we are going to be spending a lot of our time here today, as we have been, talking about meaningful legisla-tion to address gun violence. Americans have demanded meaning-ful action on gun violence in the wake of the worst mass shooting in Amer-ica’s history at the gay club in Orlando just recently, and continual violence and the threat of terrorism continue to be a scourge in our communities. Now, before heading on the holiday break, my Democratic colleagues took strong, necessary action with regards to their actions on the floor. The de-mands are simple, and a number of my colleagues will talk about them. One, a vote on a bipartisan bill that the Presi-dent would sign if it reached his desk that would simply expand background checks, which my home State of Colo-rado has already done. But, again, until we close this gun show loophole, even residents of my State that are convicted felons, who, through due process of law, lost their right to bear arms, can simply drive an hour to Wyoming and go to an open-air gun show without any background check. Even though they are a con-victed felon, they can purchase a weap-on. So we do need a better system of background checks, and, of course, a bill to address people that are on the terrorist watch list from acquiring ar-senals to commit terrorist acts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.025 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4295 July 6, 2016 
Enough is enough. Every single one of my colleagues has a personal experi-ence with these kinds of incidents in their district. Communities have suf-fered long enough, and, frankly, it is time for action. We can’t only do mo-ments of silence; we need to take ac-tion. Of course, this bill we are considering is just a continuation of the Repub-lican effort to delegitimize President Obama at the end of his term, just as many of my colleagues from the other side have attempted to do throughout his presidency. Do you know what? President Obama was elected. Do you know what? Presi-dent Obama was reelected. He is the President. He will be President until January when we inaugurate a new President. Taking actions like denying him even hearings or votes on Supreme Court nominations or passing a bill saying that Federal agencies have to stop their work just because you don’t like who the President is is really dis-respectful to our constitutional system of governance. This bill would virtually prevent the President of the United States from doing his job by stopping all rules re-gardless of when the rules were pro-posed or how long they have been working on various regulatory im-provements. It also has several provisions that are needless or antagonistic toward Fed-eral employees. For instance, if Fed-eral employees are underperforming or defrauding, we need to make sure that we have the tools to make personnel decisions, and this bill prevents that. Many of the majority claim that some of these ideas come from the business community. But, of course, it is not a practice in the business com-munity to demean employees and then turn around and ask them to do more for less. Instead of wasting time on this bill that is never going to become law—it is not going to pass the Senate; if some-how it did, the President would veto it; it is not going to become law—let’s start work on bills that, for instance, make it harder for terrorists to acquire arsenals to commit acts of terror, and to make sure that convicted felons can’t simply cross State lines to ac-quire a weapon that would be illegal because there is no background check and so there is no way of finding that out. Those are the kinds of things we need to do. Let’s get back to work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I look forward to working with my friend from Colorado to fight terrorism in this country. We have bill after bill after bill after bill that we are working on collaboratively here. We need go no further than the Defense Appropria-tions bill, which we all know needs to move across this floor. We know NDAA is a perennial challenge that we work on together and collaboratively in order to give folks the tools that they need. And certainly not to diminish the role this body has in fighting ter-rorism, this body also has a role in gov-erning the civil service system. This happens to be a civil service bill today. Instead of bringing seven different rules on seven different bills and tak-ing up all of that floor time talking about the civil service, we have com-bined them all into one bill so that we can move expeditiously and we can take care of the business that is impor-tant to do. Far from taking tools away from the civil service, this bill adds tools to the civil service. Instead of a 1-year proba-tionary period, it is 2. Instead of hav-ing to demote someone, you have a pos-sibility of removing someone. If the be-havior is egregious, this is an addition of tools to the civil service arsenal. We heard testimony in the Rules Committee last night, Mr. Speaker, of a survey of Federal Government em-ployees who themselves said it is too difficult in the current system to get rid of underperformers in their midst. Who among us does not want to work in a team of excellence? I am very inspired by the commit-ment of so many of the men and women in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker. Folks that are depicted in the media as scoundrels, I am proud to work with so many folks here because they are hard- working public servants who want to do the right thing for their constitu-ents back home even when we disagree. b1300 But I will tell you that, far from being a bill targeting this President, this bill has nothing to do with the President. Far from this being an op-portunity to try to rein in the Presi-dent’s powers, I would remind my friend from Colorado, Mr. Speaker, that the Constitution gives absolutely no rulemaking authority to the Presi-dent whatsoever. I will say that again. The President of the United States under the United States Constitution has absolutely no rulemaking authority whatsoever. Every bit of rulemaking authority granted to the President of the United States is, in fact, a grant, and it is a grant that comes from the United States Congress. To characterize having this institu-tion do oversight on its delegation of its responsibilities to the chief execu-tive officer, to characterize that as some sort of anti-Obama agenda is lu-dicrous. In fact, I would tell you, Mr. Speaker, it has been Presidents of both parties as lame ducks, while they are on their way out the door, when they are no longer accountable to anyone in America any longer, who have pursued their most aggressive rulemaking role in those lame duck days, in those final 2 months after the last election their Presidency has taken place. I don’t un-derstand how we are served by that on either side of the aisle, on either end of Pennsylvania Avenue. And I would remind the entire Cham-ber that the rulemaking that goes on in executive branch agencies is rule-making in pursuit of the goals that we have legislated. To suggest that failing to implement rules and regulations is somehow harming the President is lu-dicrous. It is this Congress that has passed the laws that need to be imple-mented. We are equally harmed in this way. My challenge to the White House, Mr. Speaker, is don’t put it off. For Pete’s sake, whatever you have got going on out there that is so mission critical that it could be described as an attack on the integrity of the adminis-tration for us to try to rein it in today, let’s go ahead and get it done today, let’s go ahead and roll that rule out to-morrow, let’s go ahead and see it done in August, there is time in September and October. Every American citizen is instinc-tively suspicious of what goes on in this town in lame duck sessions. They are suspicious because time and time again they see things happen in lame duck sessions that could never have happened otherwise. Far from being an attack on the ad-ministration, Mr. Speaker, this bill is in service to the American people, and that is why I am proud to represent it today. I do hope we can get expedi-tiously again to the passage of this rule and to the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I think it is obvious that this bill is targeted at the current President, Barack Obama, because it affects him during the period between the next election and when the next President, whoever she is, takes office next Janu-ary. Clearly, that is the President that it is targeted after. I have never heard these Republicans have the same con-cerns about either President Bush or any prior Presidents, as has been done systematically against this particular President, that prevented him from doing his authority that this body has sent him bills to do. He is doing his job, and we should let him do his job until the next President takes office. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, we will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up the non-partisan no fly, no buy legislation that will allow the Attorney General to bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. The Republican majority refused even debate closing this glaring loop-hole for the first half of the year. Only after Democrats took action did the Republicans decide to propose a tooth-less version of this bill that will do nothing to keep our communities safer. This country can’t wait any longer for Congress to take meaningful action on this issue. We are happy to have a discussion if we want to talk about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.026 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4296 July 6, 2016 
how we can have better transparency and oversight of these lists and ensure that due process is followed. Democrats care a lot about those issues, and we are happy to join those discussions and work out any issues that might exist in a bill that really is common sense. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY), to discuss our pro-posal, one of our leaders on this effort. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I find it par-ticularly ironic that we are here talk-ing about suspicion of the public, talk-ing about accountability. I will tell you, that is why my colleagues are here today, that is why several hundred Americans came to the Capitol today: to demand accountability of this body, to demand action by this body, because in 3
1⁄2years since the slaughter of schoolchildren in my community of Newtown, this body has done nothing, nothing at all. Today, we are bringing up another useless messaging bill to provide fodder for TV ads in the fall, rather than re-sponding to the needs of the American people. They are here. Ninety of them die every day when we do nothing about guns. So, in fact, we do need to be talking about accountability. But it is the accountability of the elected Members of Congress to bring forth reasonable, commonsense legislation, bipartisan legislation, that will help save lives. This is about immediate needs of the American people that have been going unanswered now for 3
1⁄2years. That is the sort of accountability we should be talking about today. The two bills we are asking for ac-tion on are simple. No fly, no buy. If you are too dangerous to get on an air-plane, you pose a threat to the Amer-ican people and national security of this country and you should not be le-gally allowed to buy an arsenal. And second, and critical, the basis, and it is, frankly, about accountability, we need to have background checks on each and every commercial sale of guns. If we aren’t asking a question, we are not going to know if we are keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous peo-ple. The Internet has now become the go- to place, whether you are a terrorist, a domestic violence abuser, a felon, or dangerously mentally ill. It is our re-sponsibility to take action to close these loopholes, to do our best to actu-ally write the laws that our law en-forcement are charged with enforcing. So with all due respect to my col-leagues about important issues about Federal employee accountability, we need to be accountable in this institu-tion. It is our job to protect and defend the American people. That is why we are here today and that is why we are going to be here every day we are in session to raise these issues. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I will tell my friends, I have only had a voting card in this institution for 51⁄2 years, but I have learned enough in those 5
1⁄2years to know that we can’t consider every issue every day. The gentlewoman from Connecticut just had her State ObamaCare exchange taken over by Federal regulators this week because it is so financially unsta-ble. It was the 14th of 23 of these ex-changes that have failed in the inter-vening year. Not failed the American taxpayer, though they have, but failed the American citizens who were forced into them. I will wait to hear if anybody is going to come to the floor today to wonder why it is we are not focused on abol-ishing those punitive actions, if we are going to have anybody come to the floor today and ask what we are going to do for those 400,000 people in Con-necticut who we forced into an ex-change that is now in receivership. We can’t do every issue every day. I hope we will get to these issues as well, Mr. Speaker. But let’s not minimize what this bill is today. I am not going to characterize any-one’s motives, Mr. Speaker, but the reason this bill was necessary to begin with is because the Federal labor unions that represent Federal Govern-ment employees were standing between us and some serious national security concerns. Now, that hasn’t been raised yet. But I want to make sure that if we are going to go down some rabbit holes, that we try to come back to why this is so important. At the Department of Homeland Se-curity, Mr. Speaker, they saw an up-tick in the infections of their computer system. Now, they are mandated by Federal law to protect the Federal IT infrastructure. And when they delved further, Mr. Speaker, what they found was that individuals accessing their personal email, their Web mail, from their office computer was providing the gateway for these infections at the De-partment of Homeland Security. So, as you would expect, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security—and this was in the Immigration and Customs Enforcement subdivision—said no more Web mail until we get this figured out. The labor union filed suit. The labor union appealed that decision and said: No, no, no, no, I understand that you are trying to protect national security here, but we think we have collective bargaining rights and that our employ-ees have the right to access their per-sonal email on their work time and you cannot take this step to protect na-tional IT infrastructure security with-out coming to the labor union collec-tive bargaining table first. That is just nonsense. That is just nonsense. Now, you don’t have to take my word for it, Mr. Speaker. I don’t claim to be a labor union attorney. I have never done that kind of work. But I will read from the report. This is the dissenting member, because when the labor union appealed to the labor union board, the board came down in their favor. The dissenting member of the board wrote this. He said: It is obvious to me (after having served for seven and a half years as the chief informa-tion officer at the U.S. Department of Labor) that neither the FLRA— 
That is the board. 
—nor the arbitrator possesses the specialized knowledge or expertise that would permit us to decide when a Federal agency ought to ad-dress specific security risks or permit us to second-guess how that agency should exer-cise those responsibilities. 
This is a member of the labor board saying: Guess what? Having been the chief information officer, I can tell you this board has no skills that enable it to make decisions in this area. He goes on: 
I cannot conclude that Congress intended for our statute to be read so expansively as to impose additional— 
In this case bargaining. 
—requirements on Federal agencies before they can act to secure the integrity of their Federal IT systems, the breach of which could directly impact our Nation’s security and economic prosperity. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a member of the labor board saying: I cannot believe that what Congress intended was to give labor relations so much power in this country that agency heads would be prevented from acting in the name of national security. And he was right. He was right. But you don’t have to take my word for it that he is right. If this rule passes, if this bill comes to the floor, we are going to pass it again today. If you wonder what it was Congress in-tended, you need wait no further in the middle of the afternoon here on a Wednesday to find out what Congress intended because we are going to act on it again. It is lunacy, it is lunacy to suggest that collective bargaining rights have to run in conflict with national secu-rity. But that is the way the labor board came down. And only with the passage of this statutory change will we be able to see that Congress’ origi-nal intent is fulfilled. Mr. DEUTCH. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s discussion and analysis of these issues, but it begs just a couple of questions. There is some extensive discussion about what Congress intended and how a statute will be interpreted and whether interpreting that statute, act-ing in the name of national security, whether the statute should be clear so that it can be acted upon in the name of national security. So I ask my friend, if that is the case, if we are so worried about IT in-frastructure and the security risks of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.028 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4297 July 6, 2016 
IT infrastructure and what Congress intended in a statute, then clearly the gentleman would agree we ought to be more concerned. In fact, it should be our fundamental concern to worry not just about the security risk to IT, but the security risk to the lives of people who live in our communities. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, the gentleman knows what bills we are discussing, the gentleman knows it well. I had con-stituents in the office today. They brought their young children in. They are in town for the Fourth of July. And the dad said: R
OB, sometimes I think folks are just trying to pick a fight up there. They are not even trying to find a solution or a pathway forward. My friend knows what FISMA re-quires, and it has nothing to do with the topic that the gentleman is pur-suing. The gentleman knows what the labor act requires, and it has nothing to do with the topic that the gen-tleman is pursuing. And the gentleman knows that this bill is not trying to ad-dress a frivolous issue. It is an impor-tant issue that ought to be a uniting issue. b1315 I understand that, as Members of this Chamber, we all have different axes that we have to grind, that we all have different topics that are hot in our dis-tricts back home, and that we all have different ideas about how to move this country forward. What ought to be number one on that list for me is the FairTax, Mr. Speaker. This doesn’t happen to be FairTax day, but it is civil servant improvement day; and there is not a Member in this Chamber who believes we got it right the first time. There is not a Member in this Chamber who doesn’t believe that we can do better both for civil servants themselves and for the tax-payers who fund them. Mr. Speaker, the rule that we are de-bating right now made amendments in order from every single Member of this body who had ideas about how to change it. I want to make that clear, Mr. Speaker. We may hear some con-versation about voices in this Chamber and whether or not they will have an opportunity to be heard on this bill. On this bill, in this moment, on this day, for this issue, every single Member who said ‘‘pick me’’ had a chance to have his voice heard. Mr. DEUTCH. Will the gentleman yield for a question? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. DEUTCH. I understand what we are debating here; but I would just ask the gentleman that, as we have a dis-cussion about national security and the security risk to infrastructure: Isn’t it true that the threat of a sus-pected terrorist purchasing a gun and the failure—— Mr. WOODALL. Reclaiming my time from the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, per-haps we are not going to be able to come together on solving civil service issues today. Perhaps we are not. Per-haps we are just going to have to bring this bill to the floor without the kind of collegial debate that I would have hoped for. We will just have a vote on it, and we will see where the vote lies, but it doesn’t have to be that way, Mr. Speaker. It doesn’t have to be that way. I tell my constituents at town hall meetings all the time that what has disappointed me the most in this Chamber has been the focus that folks put on those things that divide us in-stead of on those things that unite us. If folks treat me shabbily on the lit-tle issues, Mr. Speaker, how do I gain the trust with them to work with them on the difficult issues? If folks go around the process on the little issues, how do we gain the trust with one an-other to work together on the big issues? We have got to get the little things right. It provides a framework for suc-cess that we will use to conquer the big issues, too. I have unlimited faith and expectations for this body, Mr. Speak-er, but let’s get this little thing right today. Let’s build that trust. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding. Mr. Speaker, our time is spoken for, so I appreciate our being able to ask some questions even if we weren’t able to complete them on our time. I think the gentleman from Florida’s point was that many of the arguments by the gentleman from Georgia can be applied to the need to actually prevent terror-ists from acquiring arsenals to commit terrorist acts. Are we concerned about cybersecu-rity? Yes. Again, our time is spoken for. Mr. WOODALL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. POLIS. No. I will be happy to enter into a discourse with the gen-tleman on his time, but I have a num-ber of speakers here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), a leader on the issue of fighting against terrorism. Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I think it is clear to the American people the extraordinary irony of this argument by our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle in that they are deeply focused on na-tional security interests and the pro-tection of infrastructure while they refuse to debate, for a moment, the fact that thousands of people on the terrorist watch list have purchased guns. Ninety-five percent of the people who have been killed in this country by ter-rorists since September 11 have been killed by a firearm, and there is no legal prohibition against preventing those individuals from going into a gun store and buying as many weapons as they want. So if we are really inter-ested in protecting the American peo-ple and the infrastructure and the na-tional security of this country, let’s start with the simple proposition: pre-vent suspected terrorists from buying guns. Mr. Speaker, since we adjourned the last time, 2 weeks ago, 543 Americans have been killed by gun violence. In my home State, since the beginning of this year, five people have been killed, and 36 people have been wounded in the State of Rhode Island by gun violence. Every day, 91 Americans lose their lives to an incident of gun violence. We kill each other with guns at a rate that is 297 times higher than in Japan, 49 times higher than in France, and 33 times higher than in Israel, just to give you some comparison. We have a gun violence epidemic in this country. We have a lot of statistics, and we have heard a lot of numbers. Earlier today, many of us stood on the steps of the Capitol with the survivors of gun violence, with mothers and fathers, with sons and daughters, with people all across this country who have suf-fered and whose lives have been changed forever because of gun vio-lence. We heard from Catherine Bodine, from New Paris, Ohio. She was shot, and her 10-year-old daughter was killed because a convicted domestic abuser— someone who was legally prohibited from owning a gun—was able to pur-chase a firearm in a private sale with-out there being a background check. We heard from Antwan Reeves, a fa-ther of four, who was sitting in a parked car with his cousin, Los Ange-les Rams’ wide receiver Stedman Bai-ley, in November of last year, when someone drove past and sprayed their car with bullets. Antwan was shot 11 times as he shielded his kids in the back seat. His cousin was shot twice in the head, but, miraculously, he sur-vived. We heard from Barbara Parker, whose daughter, Alison Parker, a re-porter, was on live television when she was shot and killed, along with her cameraman, by a disgruntled former coworker in Roanoke, Virginia. We heard from Jill Robinson, whose 43-year-old son died in Baltimore after he was shot in the head, chest, and leg during a robbery gone wrong. We heard from DeAndra Yates, whose 13-year-old son was hit by a stray bul-let at a birthday party in Indianapolis. Once an aspiring athlete, DeAndre is now a paraplegic who has lost the power of speech. We heard from Kate Ranta, who was shot by her estranged husband after he broke into her apartment in Coral Springs, Florida. Kate’s father was also shot. The incident took place in front of her 4-year-old son. Finally, we heard from Andrew God-dard, whose son, Colin, was shot and killed in his French class at Virginia Tech during one of the worst mass shootings in American history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.029 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4298 July 6, 2016 
This epidemic is affecting Americans all across our country—young and old, rich and poor, Black and White, gay and straight. There are 33,000 Ameri-cans who lose their lives every year in an incident of gun violence. For these families, a moment of silence is not enough; and for these families, the con-versation they are hearing from the Republicans is not enough. As much as you try to change the subject, we will not. We heard their stories today. It is time for the entire Congress to hear their calls and to take up commonsense bills that will reduce the ongoing bloodshed in this country. Mr. Speaker, preventing suspects who are on the terrorist watch list from buying guns and having universal background checks are bills that will make a difference in the lives of all Americans. Bring those bills to the floor. Do it today. Let’s have a debate. Let’s hear the arguments. Do it for every American whose life has been changed by this epidemic. We owe it to them. We can have lots of debates, but these are urgent issues that are facing our country. We owe it to the Amer-ican people. I ask my friend from Georgia: Will you use your influence in the Repub-lican caucus to bring these bills to the floor? To urge the Speaker? You are an eloquent debater. Bring these bills to the floor. Defend your op-position so as to let the American peo-ple have a vote. Let’s honor the memo-ries of all who have been hurt by gun violence in this country, and let’s do something today. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would say to my friends that I be-lieve in this institution, and I believe in the debates that we have here. I was very disappointed in what I saw before the Fourth of July when folks took away the voices of many of us on the floor, and did so in violation of the rules that I hold to be very important; but I am grateful to my friends for the way that they are doing their debate today. They have an important issue that they want to spend time on, and I would be happy to reserve so that they could continue to do that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to be clear. We would rather have this debate time under the rule for a bill that allows for the consider-ation of the no fly, no buy bill; but given that that rule hasn’t come up be-fore the Rules Committee yet, this and the 1 minutes and the sit-ins are, real-ly, the only alternatives that are left to what I believe to be a majority of this body that cares a lot about keep-ing weapons out of the hands of terror-ists. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
AR-
SON), a leader on the issue to reduce gun violence. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I thank the gentleman from Colorado. I asso-ciate myself with his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my col-league from Georgia that the dis-appointment that you had before the Fourth of July break pales in compari-son to the disappointment of the fami-lies in the State of Connecticut and of the families all across this Nation who have witnessed firsthand devastation that defies comprehension and defini-tion. It is that palpable feeling and their frustration for people who are sworn to serve the constituents they represent and to be denied even a vote. As for the bill for which this rule is currently being discussed, I agree with what Mr. POLIS had to say, but I would say this: At least you are getting a vote. P
AUL RYAN has said—and I have great respect for our Speaker—‘‘we will not duck the tough issues. We will take them head on . . . We should not hide our disagreements. We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest disagreements honestly stated,’’ except we don’t ever get to state them because there is never a bill that comes before the floor. J
OHN LEWIS and I had a candid dis-cussion with the Speaker last night at the Speaker’s invitation. The Speaker is an honorable man, and his respect for J
OHNLEWIS and for J OHNLEWIS’ ex-planation in talking about why we are here and why people are gathering out-side of this building on a daily basis and throughout the social media, I think, is indicative to what is hap-pening here in our call for a vote. Later today, on a rule and on a bill that T
IMMURPHY is putting forth, the Speaker said: Geez, I hope we can all come together on that. We went back to our caucus and to our people, and they all said: We under-stand the importance and magnitude of that bill. We understand the work that has gone into it. We will work and participate even in the midst of strong disagreement and differences because of the respect for the institution and also the work that went into that. We just ask that you respect our concerns, and, more impor-tantly than our concerns, the concerns of hundreds of thousands of constitu-ents all across the country who are asking for one simple thing: the re-sponsibility, and then the dignity that comes from a vote. It doesn’t matter where we sit in the final analysis. It matters where Congress stands, and we need to stand up and be counted. As has been said, the gentleman from Georgia is an eloquent debater. I have great respect for people on the other side of the aisle. It is now long overdue that we have an honest debate, whether we disagree or not, and to honestly state them. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to tell my friend from Connecticut how much I appreciate his comments. You don’t solve big issues by fussing at each other on TV. You solve big issues by sitting down with each other and talking about them. I appreciate the gentleman’s accepting the Speaker’s invitation. It was an earnest effort to try to find a pathway forward. I am proud to serve in a House that is led by someone who is committed to finding pathways forward and to doing them in the collaborative way that the gen-tleman from Connecticut described. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend from Colorado. Mr. Speaker, I would, respectfully, tell my friend from Georgia that pre-venting guns from falling into the hands of suspected terrorists is a big issue, but it is a small issue for us to address. It is very straightforward. I oppose the rule today because I find it hard to believe, given the threat of sus-pected terrorists’ buying guns, that, rather than debating that, we are de-bating a bill about eliminating pornog-raphy from our agencies. That is the priority. America is watching. What is this House going to do in response to the continued threat of gun violence? Last month, in my home State of Florida, we suffered the worst mass shooting in our Nation’s history. We shut down the House to demand a vote on legislation that will make our com-munities safer. Now, this week, we have a proposal before us that looks like it was blessed by the gun lobby. The fact is that gun companies have had their way in Washington for too long, and it is about time that we put the safety of the American people first. This morning, I met with my con-stituent Kate Ranta and joined her on the Capitol steps. She is a brave sur-vivor of gun violence. Her words that she shared on the Capitol steps deserve to be heard in the people’s House; so I will share them. ‘‘I am far too familiar with the dan-gerous and deadly relationship between guns and violence against women in America. ‘‘Three-and-a-half years ago, my es-tranged husband stalked me to my apartment, an address I had not given him. b1330 ‘‘He shot through the door with a 9- millimeter handgun. My father and I were standing behind that door pushing against it. My son was standing di-rectly behind us and the bullets flew through the door. ‘‘My father and I were both shot in front of my son when he was only 4 years old. He screamed, ‘Don’t do it, daddy. Don’t shoot mommy.’ ‘‘He then watched me crawl in my own blood and begged for my life. He was only 4.’’ Kate’s domestic abuser shouldn’t have been able to get a gun, but our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.030 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4299 July 6, 2016 
broken and disjointed laws just don’t work. Thirty-two States don’t require background checks on all gun trans-fers. Those who we know are dan-gerous, those we know who want to hurt their own family, the presence of a gun, Mr. Speaker, in a domestic vio-lence situation makes it five times more likely that the woman will be killed. Our broken gun laws make it as easy as a mouse click to get a handgun or a rifle with a 30-round magazine. Or they can go to one of the estimated 2,000 gun shows held every year in America. They can get these guns with no ques-tions asked. We must close these loop-holes. Kate won’t stop speaking out for her family and for others like hers. I won’t stop speaking out for them. We have to have a vote to close the background check loophole. I also value the way this body works. I value debate. But it is not debatable. It is not debatable that if you buy a gun in a gun store and have to have a background check that you shouldn’t have to have the same check if you buy it at a gun show or if you buy it online. It is not debatable. It is not debatable that suspected terrorists shouldn’t be able to buy guns. Let’s move forward and do the right thing for the American people. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous question so that the House can consider legislation to close an outrageous legal loophole that allows known terrorists to pur-chase deadly weapons. Mr. Speaker, I am a United States Marine. I carried an M16A4 in Iraq, and I know something about firearms. I know that marines go into battle armed with these weapons because they are an effective tool for killing people. I know that military-style weapons fire rounds at velocities exceeding 3,000 feet per second. And as a surgeon in Or-lando said, ‘‘the bullets have more en-ergy to them—more speed—so they cause more tissue injury.’’ I know that causing more tissue injury is the very point of these weapons. I know that high-capacity magazines enable shooters to kill more people be-fore law enforcement can stop them. I also know that these magazines have no useful purpose for hunting or for sports shooting. I know that, despite all of this, House Republicans oppose keeping assault ri-fles and high-capacity magazines off our streets. Incredibly, they even op-pose legislation that would prevent ter-rorists who want to kill Americans from purchasing military-style weap-ons. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I know that it is shameful and horrifying that chil-dren in America today conduct active- shooter drills in their classrooms. I know it is shameful and horrifying that, in the wake of Orlando, some of our LGBT brothers and sisters still live in fear in the 21st century. And I know that it’s within our power to stop the carnage in our communities by passing commonsense gun violence legislation. Let’s defeat the previous question, and let’s finally get serious about end-ing the epidemic of gun violence in America. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We are going to have an opportunity to vote on this rule here in about 15 minutes. And when we dispose of this rule and then we bring up the under-lying bill and then we vote on that un-derlying bill, we are going to make a difference on the one issue that is be-fore us today. I do hope that we will be back in here to have more of a conversation. I re-gret that we didn’t start that conversa-tion sooner. I regret that when Repub-licans controlled the House, the Sen-ate, and the Presidency, they did not solve the challenge of violence in this country. And I regret that when the Democrats controlled everything in this Nation—the House, the Senate, and the White House—they did not solve the challenge of violence in this country. Mr. Speaker, if it were easy, we would have done it before. But I am ab-solutely certain of one thing, and that is that the solution is going to be found with earnest discussion, not shrill re-criminations. Of that, I can be sure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I say to my friend from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) that I don’t think anybody is saying that this will somehow solve the issue of violence in this country. We all know that is a complicated issue. There are economic factors. There are social factors. But it should be com-mon sense that terrorists shouldn’t be able to assemble arsenals to commit acts of mass violence against our fel-low Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I am going to vote against the previous question today so we can bring up amendments that will address the issue of gun violence prevention in our country. Eighty-five percent of Americans be-lieve that we should pass the no fly, no buy bill. Ninety percent of Americans believe that we should expand and en-hance background checks for those folks who are trying to buy guns. And we have a perfect opportunity to do it. There are two bills in the House, both of them bipartisan, that address these two issues. Both of them are bi-partisan. Both of them are pro Second Amendment. Both bills help keep guns away from criminals, terrorists, and the dangerously mentally ill. Earlier today, some 300 victims and survivors of gun violence assembled outside. I listened to what they had to say. Later, I met with one of the women, one of the victims, Catherine Bodine from Ohio. She was wounded, and her 10-year-old daughter, Samantha, was killed. The murderer was a felon. He could not pass a background check, could not go to a licensed gun dealer and buy a gun. So instead he went online, and he bought a gun online. He wounded this woman, and he killed her 10-year-old daughter, Samantha. We should do everything we can to prevent those sorts of tragedies from happening, and we have a chance to do it with the two bills that are in this House. The background check bill, the bill that would have prevented this murderer from buying a gun online, is not only bipartisan, it is not only pro Second Amendment, it has 186 bipar-tisan coauthors. This is easy to do. This isn’t a heavy lift. Bring the bill to the floor for a vote. Let America see us do our work. Let the Representatives of the Amer-ican people have a vote on a back-ground check bill that will, in fact, save lives. We know that background checks save lives. Every day, 170 felons are prohibited from buying guns through licensed dealers because of background checks. Every day, 50 domestic abusers are prohibited from buying guns through licensed dealers because of background checks. Why not expand it to include all com-mercial sales of firearms, not just 60 percent of the commercial sale of fire-arms? This makes sense. It is bipar-tisan. It is pro Second Amendment, and it will save lives. It works. We know it works. It will stop criminals. It will stop terrorists, and it will stop the dangerously mentally ill. It will make it much more difficult for them to get guns. Will it stop all violence? No. Nothing can do that, but this is our first line of defense. This is something that this Congress can do that will save lives. Please bring these bills for a vote. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would ask my friend from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) if he has any further speakers remaining. Mr. POLIS. We have a lot of speak-ers, hundreds of them. As much time as you want to give us, we will be happy to use. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time so those speakers can continue. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. E
SHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I am on the floor today to urge our Republican col-leagues to allow the two bills that have been spoken of over and over and over and over again to be brought to the floor. You know the statistics. Abraham Lincoln said that the senti-ment of the American people is every-thing. The sentiment of the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4300 July 6, 2016 
people has been expressed. There is over 90 percent support for one bill and 85 percent support for the other. We all know that our top responsi-bility as Members of Congress is the se-curity of our country and its people. This is a national security issue. This is a national security issue. No one in my district can believe that we would allow someone that the FBI has placed on their terrorist list to be able to go out and purchase weap-ons. This simply doesn’t make any sense. The American people are worthy of so much more. The other bill, the background check, Mr. T
HOMPSON gave a magnificent de-scription of that. You know, above the Speaker’s chair, it says, ‘‘In God we trust’’—‘‘In God we trust.’’ Do you think for a moment that God is proud of where we are and what we are not doing? Members gather here, and they have moments of silence, moments of si-lence, thoughts and prayers. You know what? Maybe we should gather and pray for ourselves that God will give every single Member of this House the courage to stand up and to do the right thing for our country and to lessen this devastating violence that is taking and claiming too many lives of the Amer-ican people. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to share with the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. E
SHOO ) that I don’t know how things work on the other side of the aisle, but I will tell you, at every Republican Conference meeting we have, we open it in prayer. We pray for ourselves; we pray for you; we pray for this Chamber; and we pray for the President of the United States. I think that is time well spent, and I am glad that we still open this House in prayer every day of the week. Again, there is more that we can ac-complish beginning on that foundation of those things that unite us than we can on those foundations of things that divide us. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
EDLIEU). Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to respectfully request that my constituents and your con-stituents receive the dignity of having their Member of Congress cast a vote on gun safety legislation, specifically, on background checks and making sure that terrorists don’t buy guns. I served on Active Duty in the U.S. Military. I am still in the Reserves. I fired guns. I have taken them apart, cleaned them, and put them back to-gether. I have two marksmanship awards from the United States Air Force, and I know how lethal these weapons are, which is why we need gun safety legislation. Every day, 297 people are shot. That means that in the next 5 minutes, someone else will be shot. Who will that be? Will it be a child? Will it be someone that you know? Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, we have many more speakers, but we are out of time. I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Jonathan Blunk, A.J. Boik, Air Force Staff Sergeant Jesse Childress, Gordon Cowden, Jessica Ghawi, Navy Petty Of-ficer Third Class John Thomas Larimer, Matt McQuinn, Micayla Medek, Veronica Moser-Sullivan, Alex Sullivan, Alex Teves, Rebecca Wingo, those are the victims of the Aurora shooting. Jennifer Markovsky, Ke’Arre M. Stewart, Garrett A. Swasey, those are the victims of the recent shooting at the healthcare clinic in Colorado Springs. It is time for action. As we stand here today, we are still reeling from the deadliest mass shooting in our country’s history at the Pulse night-club in Orlando, targeted against the gay community. It is time for action. It is our duty in Congress, our moral duty as parents, sisters, brothers, husbands, and wives to protect our fellow Americans. We can do that and protect the Second Amendment. We can and must do both. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule and the under-lying bill. Demand the leadership of this House bring up the bipartisan background check bill and the no fly, no buy bill to prevent terrorists from assembling arsenals to kill our fellow Americans. Personal liberties and public safety are not mutually exclusive. We can protect both. I yield back the balance of my time. b1345 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I love serving on the Committee on Rules. We are the last committee to touch every piece of legislation before it comes to this House. It gives us a chance to perfect some of that legisla-tion, but it also gives us a chance to work through the rules of the House. There are some things that people think are glorious and glamorous about being a United States Congress-man, Mr. Speaker, and I wish someone would send me a list of those things from time to time. I will tell you one thing that is not particularly glam-orous, and that is sorting through Jef-ferson’s Manual of procedure here. What is not particularly glamorous is reading the House rules. But if one were to do those things, Mr. Speaker, if one were to do those things, what one would find is that any Member of this Chamber can bring up any bill they wish to bring up if they can get a ma-jority of the House to agree with them to do it. Not the majority of the House, Mr. Speaker, but a majority of the House. I am going to say that again. Any Member of this Chamber can bring up any bill in this House if only they go out and do the work of finding 218 votes to agree with them. Now, Mr. Speaker, it sounds like a lot of heavy lifting to get 218 votes to agree with you, but it turns out, if you can’t get 218 votes to agree with you to bring it up, you can’t get 218 votes to agree with you to pass it, so you can’t move the legislation anyway. We heard testimony from the other side about the outreach that our Speaker, PAULRYAN, is doing to try to bring together the sides of this House, and I love him for that. But we have also heard it suggested that the major-ity is using its majority to silence voices in this House—and it can’t be done. It can’t be done. If you have 218 votes, you can do anything you want in this institution, and if you don’t have the 218 votes, you can’t do anything at all. Time and time again, Mr. Speaker, we have seen this Chamber moved from the filing of a discharge petition, the gathering of 218 votes, and this House coming together to move issues for-ward. There is no shortage of avenues for a Member of Congress to have their voice heard. What there is a shortage of sometimes is finding the folks who want to do the hard work to make it happen because, I promise you, Mr. Speaker, it is easier to come down here on the floor of the House and make a speech than it is to go door to door and gather 218 votes to move a priority of mine. It is hard. It is hard. Now, we have done that on the under-lying bill, brought together different pieces of legislation designed to make incremental changes to provide tax-payers more bang for their buck and civil servants more tools at their dis-posal. We did it because agency heads who were trying to implement proce-dures in the name of national security were stymied. We did it because Fed-eral employees, when surveyed, said they feel like they are surrounded by underperformers, and folks can’t get rid of those underperformers in a capa-ble and efficient way. We are respond-ing to those changes. When folks came to the Committee on Rules and said: We know how to do it better—and by ‘‘folks,’’ Mr. Speaker, I just want to be clear, I am not talk-ing about Republican folks. I am talk-ing about Republicans, Democrats, every Member of this Chamber who came to the Committee on Rules and said: I have a plan to do it better. We said: Bring your amendment to the floor of the House, and let’s have a vote. Bring your amendment to the floor of the House, and let’s have a vote. Do not let someone tell you that when P
AUL RYAN is trying to run an open facility that it is not happening right here in this Chamber. It is hap-pening here today, and it happens over and over and over again. Every Member who does the hard work and the heavy lifting to craft an idea—not to craft a speech, Mr. Speaker, but to craft an amendment, not to come down here and make a point, but to come down 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.033 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4301 July 6, 2016 
here and make a difference. Every sin-gle Member who said: I have a dif-ference that I can make on this legisla-tion, the Committee on Rules said: Bring your amendment to the floor, and we will have a vote. Let’s succeed together on the little things, Mr. Speaker. If the hard things were easy, we would have done them already. The hard things are hard, and that is the problem. Let’s get together on these things that are common sense. Let’s get together on these things that bring us together. Let’s get together on these things where every single voice in the Chamber is being heard. Let’s succeed, let’s make a difference, and then let’s come back tomorrow and do it again. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 803 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. f 
HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS ACT OF 2016 Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2646) to make available needed psychiatric, psycho-logical, and supportive services for in-dividuals with mental illness and fami-lies in mental health crisis, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2646 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE Sec. 101. Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use. Sec. 102. Improving oversight of mental health and substance use pro-grams. Sec. 103. National Mental Health and Sub-stance Use Policy Laboratory. Sec. 104. Peer-support specialist programs. Sec. 105. Prohibition against lobbying using Federal funds by systems ac-cepting Federal funds to pro-tect and advocate the rights of individuals with mental illness. Sec. 106. Reporting for protection and advo-cacy organizations. Sec. 107. Grievance procedure. Sec. 108. Center for Behavioral Health Sta-tistics and Quality. Sec. 109. Strategic plan. Sec. 110. Authorities of centers for mental health services and substance abuse treatment. Sec. 111. Advisory councils. Sec. 112. Peer review. TITLE II—MEDICAID MENTAL HEALTH COVERAGE Sec. 201. Rule of construction related to Medicaid coverage of mental health services and primary care services furnished on the same day. Sec. 202. Optional limited coverage of inpa-tient services furnished in in-stitutions for mental diseases. Sec. 203. Study and report related to Med-icaid managed care regulation. Sec. 204. Guidance on opportunities for inno-vation. Sec. 205. Study and report on Medicaid emergency psychiatric dem-onstration project. Sec. 206. Providing EPSDT services to chil-dren in IMDs. Sec. 207. Electronic visit verification system required for personal care serv-ices and home health care serv-ices under Medicaid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.034 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4302 July 6, 2016 
TITLE III—INTERDEPARTMENTAL SERI-OUS MENTAL ILLNESS COORDINATING COMMITTEE Sec. 301. Interdepartmental Serious Mental Illness Coordinating Com-mittee. TITLE IV—COMPASSIONATE COMMUNICATION ON HIPAA Sec. 401. Sense of Congress. Sec. 402. Confidentiality of records. Sec. 403. Clarification of circumstances under which disclosure of pro-tected health information is permitted. Sec. 404. Development and dissemination of model training programs. TITLE V—INCREASING ACCESS TO TREATMENT FOR SERIOUS MENTAL ILLNESS Sec. 501. Assertive community treatment grant program for individuals with serious mental illness. Sec. 502. Strengthening community crisis response systems. Sec. 503. Increased and extended funding for assisted outpatient grant pro-gram for individuals with seri-ous mental illness. Sec. 504. Liability protections for health professional volunteers at com-munity health centers. TITLE VI—SUPPORTING INNOVATIVE AND EVIDENCE-BASED PROGRAMS Subtitle A—Encouraging the Advancement, Incorporation, and Development of Evi-dence-Based Practices Sec. 601. Encouraging innovation and evi-dence-based programs. Sec. 602. Promoting access to information on evidence-based programs and practices. Sec. 603. Sense of Congress. Subtitle B—Supporting the State Response to Mental Health Needs Sec. 611. Community Mental Health Serv-ices Block Grant. Subtitle C—Strengthening Mental Health Care for Children and Adolescents Sec. 621. Tele-mental health care access grants. Sec. 622. Infant and early childhood mental health promotion, intervention, and treatment. Sec. 623. National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative. TITLE VII—GRANT PROGRAMS AND PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION Subtitle A—Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act Reauthorization Sec. 701. Youth interagency research, train-ing, and technical assistance centers. Sec. 702. Youth suicide early intervention and prevention strategies. Sec. 703. Mental health and substance use disorder services on campus. Subtitle B—Other Provisions Sec. 711. National Suicide Prevention Life-line Program. Sec. 712. Workforce development studies and reports. Sec. 713. Minority Fellowship Program. Sec. 714. Center and program repeals. Sec. 715. National violent death reporting system. Sec. 716. Sense of Congress on prioritizing Native American youth and sui-cide prevention programs. Sec. 717. Peer professional workforce devel-opment grant program. Sec. 718. National Health Service Corps. Sec. 719. Adult suicide prevention. Sec. 720. Crisis intervention grants for po-lice officers and first respond-ers. Sec. 721. Demonstration grant program to train health service psycholo-gists in community-based men-tal health. Sec. 722. Investment in tomorrow’s pediatric health care workforce. Sec. 723. CUTGO compliance. TITLE VIII—MENTAL HEALTH PARITY Sec. 801. Enhanced compliance with mental health and substance use dis-order coverage requirements. Sec. 802. Action plan for enhanced enforce-ment of mental health and sub-stance use disorder coverage. Sec. 803. Report on investigations regarding parity in mental health and substance use disorder benefits. Sec. 804. GAO study on parity in mental health and substance use dis-order benefits. Sec. 805. Information and awareness on eat-ing disorders. Sec. 806. Education and training on eating disorders. Sec. 807. GAO study on preventing discrimi-natory coverage limitations for individuals with serious mental illness and substance use dis-orders. Sec. 808. Clarification of existing parity rules. TITLE I—ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE 
SEC. 101. ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE. 
(a) A SSISTANT SECRETARY .—Section 501(c) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY AND DEPUTY AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Administration shall be headed by an official to be known as the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use (hereinafter in this title referred to as the ‘Assistant Secretary’) who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—In selecting the As-sistant Secretary, the President shall give preference to individuals who have— ‘‘(i) a doctoral degree in medicine, osteo-pathic medicine, or psychology; ‘‘(ii) clinical and research experience re-garding mental health and substance use dis-orders; and ‘‘(iii) an understanding of biological, psy-chosocial, and pharmaceutical treatments of mental illness and substance use disorders. ‘‘(2) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Assistant Secretary, with the approval of the Secretary, may appoint a Deputy Assistant Secretary and may employ and prescribe the functions of such officers and employees, in-cluding attorneys, as are necessary to ad-minister the activities to be carried out through the Administration.’’. (b) T
RANSFER OF AUTHORITIES .—The Sec- retary of Health and Human Services shall delegate to the Assistant Secretary for Men-tal Health and Substance Use all duties and authorities that— (1) as of the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act, were vested in the Admin-istrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration; and (2) are not terminated by this Act. (c) E
VALUATION .—Section 501(d) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (17), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (18), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(19) evaluate, in consultation with the As-sistant Secretary for Financial Resources, the information used for oversight of grants under programs related to mental illness and substance use disorders, including co-occur-ring illness or disorders, administered by the Center for Mental Health Services; ‘‘(20) periodically review Federal programs and activities relating to the diagnosis or prevention of, or treatment or rehabilitation for, mental illness and substance use dis-orders to identify any such programs or ac-tivities that have proven to be effective or efficient in improving outcomes or increas-ing access to evidence-based programs; ‘‘(21) establish standards for the appoint-ment of peer-review panels to evaluate grant applications and recommend standards for mental health grant programs; and’’. (d) STANDARDS FOR GRANT PROGRAMS .— Section 501(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa(d)), as amended by sub-section (c), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(22) in consultation with the National Mental Health and Substance Use Policy Laboratory, and after providing an oppor-tunity for public input, set standards for grant programs under this title for mental health and substance use services, which may address— ‘‘(A) the capacity of the grantee to imple-ment the award; ‘‘(B) requirements for the description of the program implementation approach; ‘‘(C) the extent to which the grant plan submitted by the grantee as part of its appli-cation must explain how the grantee will reach the population of focus and provide a statement of need, including to what extent the grantee will increase the number of cli-ents served and the estimated percentage of clients receiving services who report positive functioning after 6 months or no past-month substance use, as applicable; ‘‘(D) the extent to which the grantee must collect and report on required performance measures; and ‘‘(E) the extent to which the grantee is proposing evidence-based practices and the extent to which— ‘‘(i) those evidence-based practices must be used with respect to a population similar to the population for which the evidence-based practices were shown to be effective; or ‘‘(ii) if no evidence-based practice exists for a population of focus, the way in which the grantee will implement adaptations of evidence-based practices, promising prac-tices, or cultural practices.’’. (e) E
MERGENCY RESPONSE .—Section 501(m) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS THROUGH FOL -
LOWING FISCAL YEAR .—Amounts made avail-able for carrying out this subsection shall re-main available through the end of the fiscal year following the fiscal year for which such amounts are appropriated.’’. (f) M
EMBER OF COUNCIL ON GRADUATE MED-
ICAL EDUCATION .—Section 762 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290o) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respec-tively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use;’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘(4), (5), and (6)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(5), (6), and (7)’’. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa et seq.), as amended by the previous provisions of this section, is further amend-ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4303 July 6, 2016 
(1) by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Administrator’’ each place it appears (including in any headings) and in-serting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’, except where the term ‘‘Administrator’’ appears— (A) in each of subsections (e) and (f) of sec-tion 501 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa), includ-ing the headings of such subsections, within the term ‘‘Associate Administrator’’; (B) in section 507(b)(6) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb(b)(6)), within the term ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Health Resources and Serv-ices Administration’’; (C) in section 507(b)(6) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb(b)(6)), within the term ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services’’; (D) in section 519B(c)(1)(B) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb-25b(c)(1)(B)), within the term ‘‘Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’’; or (E) in each of sections 519B(c)(1)(B), 520C(a), and 520D(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb-25b(c)(1)(B), 290bb-34(a), 290bb-35(a)), within the term ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion’’. (h) R
EFERENCES .—After executing sub-sections (a), (b), and (f), any reference in statute, regulation, or guidance to the Ad-ministrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration shall be construed to be a reference to the Assist-ant Secretary for Mental Health and Sub-stance Use. 
SEC. 102. IMPROVING OVERSIGHT OF MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE PRO-GRAMS. 
Title V of the Public Health Service Act is amended by inserting after section 501 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 501A. IMPROVING OVERSIGHT OF MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) A CTIVITIES .—For the purpose of ensur-ing efficient and effective planning and eval-uation of mental illness and substance use disorder programs and related activities, the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Eval-uation, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, shall— ‘‘(1) collect and organize relevant data on homelessness, involvement with the criminal justice system, hospitalizations, mortality outcomes, and other measures the Secretary deems appropriate from across Federal de-partments and agencies; ‘‘(2) evaluate programs related to mental illness and substance use disorders, including co-occurring illness or disorders, across Fed-eral departments and agencies, as appro-priate, including programs related to— ‘‘(A) prevention, intervention, treatment, and recovery support services, including such services for individuals with a serious mental illness or serious emotional disturb-ance; ‘‘(B) the reduction of homelessness and in-volvement with the criminal justice system among individuals with a mental illness or substance use disorder; and ‘‘(C) public health and health services; and ‘‘(3) consult, as appropriate, with the As-sistant Secretary, the Behavioral Health Co-ordinating Council of the Department of Health and Human Services, other agencies within the Department of Health and Human Services, and other relevant Federal depart-ments. ‘‘(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation shall develop an evaluation strategy that identi-fies priority programs to be evaluated by the Assistant Secretary and priority programs to be evaluated by other relevant agencies within the Department of Health and Human Services. The Assistant Secretary for Plan-ning and Evaluation shall provide rec-ommendations on improving programs and activities based on the evaluation described in subsection (a)(2) as needing improve-ment.’’. SEC. 103. NATIONAL MENTAL HEALTH AND SUB-STANCE USE POLICY LABORATORY. 
Title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa et seq.) is amended by insert-ing after section 501A, as added by section 102 of this Act, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 501B. NATIONAL MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE POLICY LABORA-TORY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be estab-lished within the Administration a National Mental Health and Substance Use Policy Laboratory (referred to in this section as the ‘Laboratory’). ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Laboratory shall— ‘‘(1) continue to carry out the authorities and activities that were in effect for the Of-fice of Policy, Planning, and Innovation as such Office existed prior to the date of enact-ment of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016; ‘‘(2) identify, coordinate, and facilitate the implementation of policy changes likely to have a significant effect on mental health, mental illness, and the prevention and treat-ment of substance use disorder services; ‘‘(3) collect, as appropriate, information from grantees under programs operated by the Administration in order to evaluate and disseminate information on evidence-based practices, including culturally and linguis-tically appropriate services, as appropriate, and service delivery models; ‘‘(4) provide leadership in identifying and coordinating policies and programs, includ-ing evidence-based programs, related to men-tal illness and substance use disorders; ‘‘(5) recommend ways in which payers may implement program and policy findings of the Administration and the Laboratory to improve outcomes and reduce per capita pro-gram costs; ‘‘(6) in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation, as appropriate, periodically review Federal pro-grams and activities relating to the diag-nosis or prevention of, or treatment or reha-bilitation for, mental illness and substance use disorders, including by— ‘‘(A) identifying any such programs or ac-tivities that are duplicative; ‘‘(B) identifying any such programs or ac-tivities that are not evidence-based, effec-tive, or efficient; and ‘‘(C) formulating recommendations for co-ordinating, eliminating, or improving pro-grams or activities identified under subpara-graph (A) or (B) and merging such programs or activities into other successful programs or activities; and ‘‘(7) carry out other activities as deemed necessary to continue to encourage innova-tion and disseminate evidence-based pro-grams and practices, including programs and practices with scientific merit. ‘‘(c) E
VIDENCE -BASED PRACTICES AND SERV-
ICEDELIVERY MODELS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In selecting evidence- based best practices and service delivery models for evaluation and dissemination, the Laboratory— ‘‘(A) shall give preference to models that improve— ‘‘(i) the coordination between mental health and physical health providers; ‘‘(ii) the coordination among such pro-viders and the justice and corrections sys-tem; and ‘‘(iii) the cost effectiveness, quality, effec-tiveness, and efficiency of health care serv-ices furnished to individuals with serious mental illness or serious emotional disturb-ance, in mental health crisis, or at risk to themselves, their families, and the general public; and ‘‘(B) may include clinical protocols and practices used in the Recovery After Initial Schizophrenia Episode (RAISE) project and the North American Prodrome Longitudinal Study (NAPLS) of the National Institute of Mental Health. ‘‘(2) DEADLINE FOR BEGINNING IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—The Laboratory shall begin implemen-tation of the duties described in this section not later than January 1, 2018. ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the duties under this section, the Laboratory shall consult with— ‘‘(A) representatives of the National Insti-tute of Mental Health, the National Institute on Drug Abuse, and the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, on an ongo-ing basis; ‘‘(B) other appropriate Federal agencies; ‘‘(C) clinical and analytical experts with expertise in psychiatric medical care and clinical psychological care, health care man-agement, education, corrections health care, and mental health court systems, as appro-priate; and ‘‘(D) other individuals and agencies as de-termined appropriate by the Assistant Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 104. PEER-SUPPORT SPECIALIST PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on peer-support spe-cialist programs in up to 10 States (to be se-lected by the Comptroller General) that re-ceive funding from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and submit to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report con-taining the results of such study. (b) C
ONTENTS OF STUDY .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall examine and identify best practices in the selected States related to training and credential re-quirements for peer-support specialist pro-grams, such as— (1) hours of formal work or volunteer expe-rience related to mental illness and sub-stance use disorders conducted through such programs; (2) types of peer-support specialist exams required for such programs in the States; (3) codes of ethics used by such programs in the States; (4) required or recommended skill sets of such programs in the State; and (5) requirements for continuing education. 
SEC. 105. PROHIBITION AGAINST LOBBYING USING FEDERAL FUNDS BY SYSTEMS ACCEPTING FEDERAL FUNDS TO PROTECT AND ADVOCATE THE RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS WITH MEN-TAL ILLNESS. 
Section 105(a) of the Protection and Advo-cacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act (42 U.S.C. 10805(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (10), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) agree to refrain, during any period for which funding is provided to the system under this part, from using Federal funds to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4304 July 6, 2016 
influence the enactment of legislation, ap-propriations, regulation, administrative ac-tion, or Executive order proposed or pending before the Congress or any State or local government, including any legislative body, other than for normal and recognized execu-tive-legislative relationships or participa-tion by an agency or officer of a State, local, or tribal government in policymaking and administrative processes within the execu-tive branch of that government.’’. 
SEC. 106. REPORTING FOR PROTECTION AND AD-VOCACY ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) P UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS .—Sec- tion 105(a)(7) of the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act (42 U.S.C. 10805(a)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘is located a report’’ and inserting ‘‘is located, and make publicly available, a report’’. (b) D
ETAILED ACCOUNTING .—Section 114(a) of the Protection and Advocacy for Individ-uals with Mental Illness Act (42 U.S.C. 10824(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) using data from the existing required annual program progress reports submitted by each system funded under this title, a de-tailed accounting for each such system of how funds are spent, disaggregated according to whether the funds were received from the Federal Government, the State government, a local government, or a private entity.’’. 
SEC. 107. GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE. 
Section 105 of the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act (42 U.S.C. 10805), as amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) G
RIEVANCE PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall establish an independent griev-ance procedure for persons described in sub-section (a)(9).’’. 
SEC. 108. CENTER FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH STATISTICS AND QUALITY. 
Title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 501(b) (42 U.S.C. 290aa(b)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) The Center for Behavioral Health Sta-tistics and Quality.’’; (2) in section 502(a)(1) (42 U.S.C. 290aa– 1(a)(1))— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) the Center for Behavioral Health Sta-tistics and Quality.’’; and (3) in part B (42 U.S.C. 290bb et seq.) by adding at the end the following new subpart: ‘‘Subpart 4—Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality 
‘‘SEC. 520L. CENTER FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH STATISTICS AND QUALITY. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Administration a Center for Behav-ioral Health Statistics and Quality (in this section referred to as the ‘Center’). The Cen-ter shall be headed by a Director (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Director’) appointed by the Secretary from among individuals with extensive experience and academic qualifications in research and analysis in be-havioral health care or related fields. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Director of the Center shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate the Administration’s inte-grated data strategy by coordinating— ‘‘(A) surveillance and data collection (in-cluding that authorized by section 505); ‘‘(B) evaluation; ‘‘(C) statistical and analytic support; ‘‘(D) service systems research; and ‘‘(E) performance and quality information systems; ‘‘(2) recommend a core set of measurement standards for grant programs administered by the Administration; and ‘‘(3) coordinate evaluation efforts for the grant programs, contracts, and collaborative agreements of the Administration. ‘‘(c) BIANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this section, and every 2 years there-after, the Director of the Center shall submit to Congress a report on the quality of serv-ices furnished through grant programs of the Administration, including applicable meas-ures of outcomes for individuals and public outcomes such as— ‘‘(1) the number of patients screened posi-tive for unhealthy alcohol use who receive brief counseling as appropriate; the number of patients screened positive for tobacco use and receiving smoking cessation interven-tions; the number of patients with a new di-agnosis of major depressive episode who are assessed for suicide risk; the number of pa-tients screened positive for clinical depres-sion with a documented followup plan; and the number of patients with a documented pain assessment that have a followup treat-ment plan when pain is present; and satisfac-tion with care; ‘‘(2) the incidence and prevalence of mental illness and substance use disorders; the num-ber of suicide attempts and suicide comple-tions; overdoses seen in emergency rooms re-sulting from alcohol and drug use; emer-gency room boarding; overdose deaths; emer-gency psychiatric hospitalizations; new criminal justice involvement while in treat-ment; stable housing; and rates of involve-ment in employment, education, and train-ing; and ‘‘(3) such other measures for outcomes of services as the Director may determine. ‘‘(d) S
TAFFING COMPOSITION .—The staff of the Center may include individuals with ad-vanced degrees and field expertise as well as clinical and research experience in mental illness and substance use disorders such as— ‘‘(1) professionals with clinical and re-search expertise in the prevention and treat-ment of, and recovery from, mental illness and substance use disorders; ‘‘(2) professionals with training and exper-tise in statistics or research and survey de-sign and methodologies; and ‘‘(3) other related fields in the social and behavioral sciences, as specified by relevant position descriptions. ‘‘(e) G
RANTS AND CONTRACTS .—In carrying out the duties established in subsection (b), the Director may make grants to, and enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with, public and nonprofit private entities. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘emergency room boarding’ means the prac-tice of admitting patients to an emergency department and holding such patients in the department until inpatient psychiatric beds become available.’’. 
SEC. 109. STRATEGIC PLAN. 
Section 501 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa) is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (l) through (o) as subsections (m) through (p), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(l) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2017, and every 5 years thereafter, the As-sistant Secretary shall develop and carry out a strategic plan in accordance with this sub-section for the planning and operation of evi-dence-based programs and grants carried out by the Administration. ‘‘(2) COORDINATION .—In developing and car-rying out the strategic plan under this sec-tion, the Assistant Secretary shall take into consideration the report of the Interdepart-mental Serious Mental Illness Coordinating Committee under section 301 of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016. ‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION OF PLAN .—Not later than December 1, 2017, and every 5 years there-after, the Assistant Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) submit the strategic plan developed under paragraph (1) to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress; and ‘‘(B) post such plan on the Internet website of the Administration. ‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS .—The strategic plan devel-oped under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) identify strategic priorities, goals, and measurable objectives for mental illness and substance use disorder activities and programs operated and supported by the Ad-ministration, including priorities to prevent or eliminate the burden of mental illness and substance use disorders; ‘‘(B) identify ways to improve services for individuals with a mental illness or sub-stance use disorder, including services re-lated to the prevention of, diagnosis of, intervention in, treatment of, and recovery from, mental illness or substance use dis-orders, including serious mental illness or serious emotional disturbance, and access to services and supports for individuals with a serious mental illness or serious emotional disturbance; ‘‘(C) ensure that programs provide, as ap-propriate, access to effective and evidence- based prevention, diagnosis, intervention, treatment, and recovery services, including culturally and linguistically appropriate services, as appropriate, for individuals with a mental illness or substance use disorder; ‘‘(D) identify opportunities to collaborate with the Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration to develop or improve— ‘‘(i) initiatives to encourage individuals to pursue careers (especially in rural and under-served areas and populations) as psychia-trists, psychologists, psychiatric nurse prac-titioners, physician assistants, occupational therapists, clinical social workers, certified peer-support specialists, licensed profes-sional counselors, or other licensed or cer-tified mental health professionals, including such professionals specializing in the diag-nosis, evaluation, or treatment of individ-uals with a serious mental illness or serious emotional disturbance; and ‘‘(ii) a strategy to improve the recruit-ment, training, and retention of a workforce for the treatment of individuals with mental illness or substance use disorders, or co-oc-curring illness or disorders; ‘‘(E) identify opportunities to improve col-laboration with States, local governments, communities, and Indian tribes and tribal or-ganizations (as such terms are defined in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)); and ‘‘(F) specify a strategy to disseminate evi-denced-based and promising best practices related to prevention, diagnosis, early inter-vention, treatment, and recovery services re-lated to mental illness, particularly for indi-viduals with a serious mental illness and children and adolescents with a serious emo-tional disturbance, and substance use dis-orders.’’. 
SEC. 110. AUTHORITIES OF CENTERS FOR MEN-TAL HEALTH SERVICES AND SUB-STANCE ABUSE TREATMENT. 
(a) C ENTER FOR MENTAL HEALTH SERV-
ICES.—Section 520(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–31(b)) is amend-ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4305 July 6, 2016 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (15) as paragraphs (4) through (16), respec-tively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) collaborate with the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health to en-sure that, as appropriate, programs related to the prevention and treatment of mental illness and the promotion of mental health are carried out in a manner that reflects the best available science and evidence-based practices, including culturally and linguis-tically appropriate services;’’; (3) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘through policies and programs that reduce risk and promote resiliency’’ be-fore the semicolon; (4) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘in collaboration with the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health,’’ before ‘‘develop’’; (5) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘, increase meaningful participa-tion of individuals with mental illness in programs and activities of the Administra-tion,’’ before ‘‘and protect the legal’’; (6) in paragraph (10), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘professional and paraprofessional personnel pursuant to section 303’’ and in-serting ‘‘paraprofessional personnel and health professionals’’; (7) in paragraph (11), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘and telemental health,’’ after ‘‘rural mental health,’’; (8) in paragraph (12), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘establish a clearinghouse for men-tal health information to assure the wide-spread dissemination of such information’’ and inserting ‘‘disseminate mental health in-formation, including evidenced-based prac-tices,’’; (9) in paragraph (15), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (10) in paragraph (16), as so redesignated, by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) consult with other agencies and of-fices of the Department of Health and Human Services to ensure, with respect to each grant awarded by the Center for Mental Health Services, the consistent documenta-tion of the application of criteria when awarding grants and the ongoing oversight of grantees after such grants are awarded.’’. (b) D
IRECTOR OF THE CENTER FOR SUB-
STANCE ABUSE TREATMENT .—Section 507 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘treatment of substance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘treatment of sub-stance use disorders’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘abuse treatment systems’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder treatment sys-tems’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder’’; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘individ-uals who abuse drugs’’ and inserting ‘‘indi-viduals who use drugs’’; (C) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘carried out by the Director’’; (D) by striking paragraph (10); (E) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through (14) as paragraphs (10) through (13), respectively; (F) in paragraph (12), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (G) by striking paragraph (13), as so redes-ignated, and inserting the following: ‘‘(13) ensure the consistent documentation of the application of criteria when awarding grants and the ongoing oversight of grantees after such grants are awarded; and ‘‘(14) work with States, providers, and indi-viduals in recovery, and their families, to promote the expansion of recovery support services and systems of care oriented to-wards recovery.’’. SEC. 111. ADVISORY COUNCILS. 
Section 502(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa–1(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (I); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (E), the following: ‘‘(F) for the advisory councils appointed under subsections (a)(1)(A) and (a)(1)(D), the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health; ‘‘(G) for the advisory councils appointed under subsections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B), and (a)(1)(C), the Director of the National Insti-tute on Drug Abuse; ‘‘(H) for the advisory councils appointed under subsections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B), and (a)(1)(C), the Director of the National Insti-tute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism; and’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) Not less than half of the members of the advisory council appointed under sub-section (a)(1)(D)— ‘‘(i) shall have— ‘‘(I) a medical degree; ‘‘(II) a doctoral degree in psychology; or ‘‘(III) an advanced degree in nursing or so-cial work from an accredited graduate school or be a certified physician assistant; and ‘‘(ii) shall specialize in the mental health field.’’. 
SEC. 112. PEER REVIEW. 
Section 504(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa–3(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of any such peer review group that is reviewing a grant, cooperative agreement, or contract related to mental illness treatment, not less than half of the members of such peer review group shall be licensed and experienced pro-fessionals in the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of, or recovery from, mental ill-ness or substance use disorders and have a medical degree, a doctoral degree in psy-chology, or an advanced degree in nursing or social work from an accredited program.’’. TITLE II—MEDICAID MENTAL HEALTH COVERAGE 
SEC. 201. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO MEDICAID COVERAGE OF MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES AND PRIMARY CARE SERVICES FURNISHED ON THE SAME DAY. 
Nothing in title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) shall be construed as prohibiting separate payment under the State plan under such title (or under a waiv-er of the plan) for the provision of a mental health service or primary care service under such plan, with respect to an individual, be-cause such service is— (1) a primary care service furnished to the individual by a provider at a facility on the same day a mental health service is fur-nished to such individual by such provider (or another provider) at the facility; or (2) a mental health service furnished to the individual by a provider at a facility on the same day a primary care service is furnished to such individual by such provider (or an-other provider) at the facility. 
SEC. 202. OPTIONAL LIMITED COVERAGE OF IN-PATIENT SERVICES FURNISHED IN INSTITUTIONS FOR MENTAL DIS-EASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1903(m)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(m)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I)(i) Notwithstanding the limitation specified in the subdivision (B) following paragraph (29) of section 1905(a) and subject to clause (ii), a State may, under a risk con-tract entered into by the State under this title (or under section 1115) with a medicaid managed care organization or a prepaid inpa-tient health plan (as defined in section 438.2 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation)), make a monthly capitation payment to such organization or plan for enrollees with the organization or plan who are over 21 years of age and under 65 years of age and are receiving inpatient treatment in an institution for mental dis-eases (as defined in section 1905(i)), so long as each of the following conditions is met: ‘‘(I) The institution is a hospital providing inpatient psychiatric or substance use dis-order services or a sub-acute facility pro-viding psychiatric or substance use disorder crisis residential services. ‘‘(II) The length of stay in such an institu-tion for such treatment is for a short-term stay of no more than 15 days during the pe-riod of the monthly capitation payment. ‘‘(III) The provision of such treatment meets the following criteria for consider-ation as services or settings that are pro-vided in lieu of services or settings covered under the State plan: ‘‘(aa) The State determines that the alter-native service or setting is a medically ap-propriate and cost-effective substitute for the service or setting covered under the State plan. ‘‘(bb) The enrollee is not required by the managed care organization or prepaid inpa-tient health plan to use the alternative serv-ice or setting. ‘‘(cc) Such treatment is authorized and identified in such contract, and will be of-fered to such enrollees at the option of the managed care organization or prepaid inpa-tient health plan. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of setting the amount of such a monthly capitation payment, a State may use the utilization of services provided to an individual under this subparagraph when developing the inpatient psychiatric or substance use disorder component of such payment, but the amount of such payment for such services may not exceed the cost of the same services furnished through pro-viders included under the State plan.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply beginning on July 5, 2016, or the date of the enactment of this Act, whichever is later. 
SEC. 203. STUDY AND REPORT RELATED TO MED-ICAID MANAGED CARE REGULATION. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Admin-istrator of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services, shall conduct a study on cov-erage under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) of services provided through a medicaid managed care organiza-tion (as defined in section 1903(m) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(m)) or a prepaid inpa-tient health plan (as defined in section 438.2 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation)) with respect to in-dividuals over the age of 21 and under the age of 65 for the treatment of a mental health disorder in institutions for mental diseases (as defined in section 1905(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(i))). Such study shall in-clude information on the following: (1) The extent to which States, including the District of Columbia and each territory or possession of the United States, are pro-viding capitated payments to such organiza-tions or plans for enrollees who are receiving services in institutions for mental diseases. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4306 July 6, 2016 
(2) The number of individuals receiving medical assistance under a State plan under such title XIX, or a waiver of such plan, who receive services in institutions for mental diseases through such organizations and plans. (3) The range of and average number of months, and the length of stay during such months, that such individuals are receiving such services in such institutions. (4) How such organizations or plans deter-mine when to provide for the furnishing of such services through an institution for mental diseases in lieu of other benefits (in-cluding the full range of community-based services) under their contract with the State agency administering the State plan under such title XIX, or a waiver of such plan, to address psychiatric or substance use disorder treatment. (5) The extent to which the provision of services within such institutions has affected the capitated payments for such organiza-tions or plans. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the study conducted under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 204. GUIDANCE ON OPPORTUNITIES FOR IN-NOVATION. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services shall issue a State Medicaid Director letter regarding opportunities to design innovative service delivery systems, including systems for providing community- based services, for individuals with serious mental illness or serious emotional disturb-ance who are receiving medical assistance under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). The letter shall in-clude opportunities for demonstration projects under section 1115 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1315), to improve care for such individ-uals. 
SEC. 205. STUDY AND REPORT ON MEDICAID EMERGENCY PSYCHIATRIC DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, shall, with re-spect to each State that has participated in the demonstration project established under section 2707 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note), collect from each such State information on the following: (1) The number of institutions for mental diseases (as defined in section 1905(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(i))) and beds in such institutions that received pay-ment for the provision of services to individ-uals who receive medical assistance under a State plan under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) (or under a waiver of such plan) through the demonstration project in each such State as compared to the total number of institutions for mental diseases and beds in the State. (2) The extent to which there is a reduction in expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) or other spending on the full continuum of physical or mental health care for individuals who receive treat-ment in an institution for mental diseases under the demonstration project, including outpatient, inpatient, emergency, and ambu-latory care, that is attributable to such indi-viduals receiving treatment in institutions for mental diseases under the demonstration project. (3) The number of forensic psychiatric hos-pitals, the number of beds in such hospitals, and the number of forensic psychiatric beds in other hospitals in such State, based on the most recent data available, to the extent practical, as determined by such Adminis-trator. (4) The amount of any disproportionate share hospital payments under section 1923 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–4) that institutions for mental diseases in the State received during the period beginning on July 1, 2012, and ending on June 30, 2015, and the extent to which the demonstration project reduced the amount of such pay-ments. (5) The most recent data regarding all fa-cilities or sites in the State in which any in-dividuals with serious mental illness who are receiving medical assistance under a State plan under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) (or under a waiver of such plan) are treated during the period referred to in para-graph (4), to the extent practical, as deter-mined by the Administrator, including— (A) the types of such facilities or sites (such as an institution for mental diseases, a hospital emergency department, or other in-patient hospital); (B) the average length of stay in such a fa-cility or site by such an individual, disaggregated by facility type; and (C) the payment rate under the State plan (or a waivers of such plan) for services fur-nished to such an individual for that treat-ment, disaggregated by facility type, during the period in which the demonstration project is in operation. (6) The extent to which the utilization of hospital emergency departments during the period in which the demonstration project was is in operation differed, with respect to individuals who are receiving medical assist-ance under a State plan under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) (or under a waiver of such plan), between— (A) those individuals who received treat-ment in an institution for mental diseases under the demonstration project; (B) those individuals who met the eligi-bility requirements for the demonstration project but who did not receive treatment in an institution for mental diseases under the demonstration project; and (C) those individuals with serious mental illness who did not meet such eligibility re-quirements and did not receive treatment for such illness in an institution for mental dis-eases. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report that sum-marizes and analyzes the information col-lected under subsection (a). Such report may be submitted as part of the report required under section 2707(f) of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) or separately. 
SEC. 206. PROVIDING EPSDT SERVICES TO CHIL-DREN IN IMDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1905(a)(16) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(a)(16)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘effective January 1, 1973’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) effective January 1, 1973’’; and (2) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, and, (B) for individuals receiving services described in subparagraph (A), early and periodic screening, diagnostic, and treatment services (as defined in sub-section (r)), whether or not such screening, diagnostic, and treatment services are fur-nished by the provider of the services de-scribed in such subparagraph’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to items and services furnished in cal-endar quarters beginning on or after January 1, 2019. SEC. 207. ELECTRONIC VISIT VERIFICATION SYS-TEM REQUIRED FOR PERSONAL CARE SERVICES AND HOME HEALTH CARE SERVICES UNDER MEDICAID. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1903 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b) is amended by inserting after subsection (k) the following new subsection: ‘‘(l)(1) Subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), with respect to any amount expended for personal care services or home health care services requiring an in-home visit by a pro-vider that are provided under a State plan under this title (or under a waiver of the plan) and furnished in a calendar quarter be-ginning on or after January 1, 2019 (or, in the case of home health care services, on or after January 1, 2023), unless a State requires the use of an electronic visit verification system for such services furnished in such quarter under the plan or such waiver, the Federal medical assistance percentage shall be re-duced— ‘‘(A) in the case of personal care services— ‘‘(i) for calendar quarters in 2019 and 2020, by .25 percentage points; ‘‘(ii) for calendar quarters in 2021, by .5 per-centage points; ‘‘(iii) for calendar quarters in 2022, by .75 percentage points; and ‘‘(iv) for calendar quarters in 2023 and each year thereafter, by 1 percentage point; and ‘‘(B) in the case of home health care serv-ices— ‘‘(i) for calendar quarters in 2023 and 2024, by .25 percentage points; ‘‘(ii) for calendar quarters in 2025, by .5 per-centage points; ‘‘(iii) for calendar quarters in 2026, by .75 percentage points; and ‘‘(iv) for calendar quarters in 2027 and each year thereafter, by 1 percentage point. ‘‘(2) Subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), in implementing the requirement for the use of an electronic visit verification system under paragraph (1), a State shall— ‘‘(A) consult with agencies and entities that provide personal care services, home health care services, or both under the State plan (or under a waiver of the plan) to ensure that such system— ‘‘(i) is minimally burdensome; ‘‘(ii) takes into account existing best prac-tices and electronic visit verification sys-tems in use in the State; and ‘‘(iii) is conducted in accordance with the requirements of HIPAA privacy and security law (as defined in section 3009 of the Public Health Service Act); ‘‘(B) take into account a stakeholder proc-ess that includes input from beneficiaries, family caregivers, individuals who furnish personal care services or home health care services, and other stakeholders, as deter-mined by the State in accordance with guid-ance from the Secretary; and ‘‘(C) ensure that individuals who furnish personal care services, home health care services, or both under the State plan (or under a waiver of the plan) are provided the opportunity for training on the use of such system. ‘‘(3) Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply in the case of a State that, as of the date of the enactment of this subsection, requires the use of any system for the electronic verification of visits conducted as part of both personal care services and home health care services, so long as the State continues to require the use of such system with re-spect to the electronic verification of such visits. ‘‘(4)(A) In the case of a State described in subparagraph (B), the reduction under para-graph (1) shall not apply— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4307 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(i) in the case of personal care services, for calendar quarters in 2019; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of home health care serv-ices, for calendar quarters in 2023. ‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A), a State described in this subparagraph is a State that demonstrates to the Secretary that the State— ‘‘(i) has made a good faith effort to comply with the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (2) (including by taking steps to adopt the technology used for an electronic visit verification system); or ‘‘(ii) in implementing such a system, has encountered unavoidable system delays. ‘‘(5) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘electronic visit verification system’ means, with respect to personal care services or home health care services, a sys-tem under which visits conducted as part of such services are electronically verified with respect to— ‘‘(i) the type of service performed; ‘‘(ii) the individual receiving the service; ‘‘(iii) the date of the service; ‘‘(iv) the location of service delivery; ‘‘(v) the individual providing the service; and ‘‘(vi) the time the service begins and ends. ‘‘(B) The term ‘home health care services’ means services described in section 1905(a)(7) provided under a State plan under this title (or under a waiver of the plan). ‘‘(C) The term ‘personal care services’ means personal care services provided under a State plan under this title (or under a waiver of the plan), including services pro-vided under section 1905(a)(24), 1915(c), 1915(i), 1915(j), or 1915(k) or under a wavier under section 1115. ‘‘(6)(A) In the case in which a State re-quires personal care service and home health care service providers to utilize an electronic visit verification system operated by the State or a contractor on behalf of the State, the Secretary shall pay to the State, for each quarter, an amount equal to 90 per cen-tum of so much of the sums expended during such quarter as are attributable to the de-sign, development, or installation of such system, and 75 per centum of so much of the sums for the operation and maintenance of such system. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply in the case in which a State requires personal care service and home health care service providers to utilize an electronic visit verification system that is not operated by the State or a contractor on behalf of the State.’’. (b) C
OLLECTION AND DISSEMINATION OF BEST P
RACTICES .—Not later than January 1, 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, with respect to electronic visit verification systems (as defined in sub-section (l)(5) of section 1903 of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b), as inserted by subsection (a)), collect and disseminate best practices to State Medicaid Directors with respect to— (1) training individuals who furnish per-sonal care services, home health care serv-ices, or both under the State plan under title XIX of such Act (or under a waiver of the plan) on such systems and the operation of such systems and the prevention of fraud with respect to the provision of personal care services or home health care services (as de-fined in such subsection (l)(5)); and (2) the provision of notice and educational materials to family caregivers and bene-ficiaries with respect to the use of such elec-tronic visit verification systems and other means to prevent such fraud. (c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) N
O EMPLOYER -EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIP  
ESTABLISHED .—Nothing in the amendment made by this section may be construed as es-tablishing an employer-employee relation-ship between the agency or entity that pro-vides for personal care services or home health care services and the individuals who, under a contract with such an agency or en-tity, furnish such services for purposes of part 552 of title 29, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulations). (2) NO PARTICULAR OR UNIFORM ELECTRONIC  
VISIT VERIFICATION SYSTEM REQUIRED .—Noth- ing in the amendment made by this section shall be construed to require the use of a particular or uniform electronic visit verification system (as defined in subsection (l)(5) of section 1903 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b), as inserted by sub-section (a)) by all agencies or entities that provide personal care services or home health care under a State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (or under a waiver of the plan) (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). (3) N
O LIMITS ON PROVISION OF CARE .—Noth- ing in the amendment made by this section may be construed to limit, with respect to personal care services or home health care services provided under a State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (or under a waiver of the plan) (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), provider selection, constrain bene-ficiaries’ selection of a caregiver, or impede the manner in which care is delivered. (4) N
O PROHIBITION ON STATE QUALITY MEAS -
URES REQUIREMENTS .—Nothing in the amend-ment made by this section shall be construed as prohibiting a State, in implementing an electronic visit verification system (as de-fined in subsection (l)(5) of section 1903 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b), as in-serted by subsection (a)), from establishing requirements related to quality measures for such system. TITLE III—INTERDEPARTMENTAL SERI-OUS MENTAL ILLNESS COORDINATING COMMITTEE 
SEC. 301. INTERDEPARTMENTAL SERIOUS MEN-TAL ILLNESS COORDINATING COM-MITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the designee of the Secretary, shall establish a committee to be known as the ‘‘Inter-departmental Serious Mental Illness Coordi-nating Committee’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’). (2) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT .—Ex- cept as provided in this section, the provi-sions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. (b) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall meet not fewer than 2 times each year. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and 5 years after such date of enactment, the Committee shall submit to Congress a report including— (1) a summary of advances in serious men-tal illness and serious emotional disturbance research related to the prevention of, diag-nosis of, intervention in, and treatment and recovery of, serious mental illnesses, serious emotional disturbances, and advances in ac-cess to services and support for individuals with a serious mental illness or serious emo-tional disturbance; (2) an evaluation of the effect on public health of Federal programs related to serious mental illness or serious emotional disturb-ance, including measurements of public health outcomes such as— (A) rates of suicide, suicide attempts, prev-alence of serious mental illness, serious emo-tional disturbances, and substance use dis-orders, overdose, overdose deaths, emergency hospitalizations, emergency room boarding, preventable emergency room visits, involve-ment with the criminal justice system, crime, homelessness, and unemployment; (B) increased rates of employment and en-rollment in educational and vocational pro-grams; (C) quality of mental illness and substance use disorder treatment services; and (D) any other criteria as may be deter-mined by the Secretary; (3) a plan to improve outcomes for individ-uals with serious mental illness or serious emotional disturbances, including reducing incarceration for such individuals, reducing homelessness, and increasing employment; and (4) specific recommendations for actions that agencies can take to better coordinate the administration of mental health services for people with serious mental illness or seri-ous emotional disturbances. (d) COMMITTEE EXTENSION .—Upon the sub-mission of the second report under sub-section (c), the Secretary shall submit a rec-ommendation to Congress on whether to ex-tend the operation of the Committee. (e) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) F
EDERAL MEMBERS .—The Committee shall be composed of the following Federal representatives, or their designees: (A) The Secretary of Health and Human Services, who shall serve as the Chair of the Committee. (B) The Director of the National Institutes of Health. (C) The Assistant Secretary for Health of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. (D) The Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use. (E) The Attorney General of the United States. (F) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs. (G) The Secretary of Defense. (H) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (I) The Secretary of Education. (J) The Secretary of Labor. (K) The Commissioner of Social Security. (L) The Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL MEMBERS .—The Com-mittee shall also include not less than 14 non-Federal public members appointed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, of which— (A) at least 2 members shall be individuals with lived experience with serious mental illness or serious emotional disturbance; (B) at least 1 member shall be a parent or legal guardian of an individual with a his-tory of a serious mental illness or serious emotional disturbance; (C) at least 1 member shall be a representa-tive of a leading research, advocacy, or serv-ice organization for individuals with serious mental illness or serious emotional disturb-ance; (D) at least 2 members shall be— (i) a licensed psychiatrist with experience treating serious mental illnesses or serious emotional disturbances; (ii) a licensed psychologist with experience treating serious mental illnesses or serious emotional disturbances; (iii) a licensed clinical social worker with experience treating serious mental illness or serious emotional disturbances; or (iv) a licensed psychiatric nurse, nurse practitioner, or physician assistant with ex-perience treating serious mental illnesses or serious emotional disturbances; (E) at least 1 member shall be a licensed mental health professional with a specialty in treating children and adolescents with se-rious emotional disturbances; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4308 July 6, 2016 
(F) at least 1 member shall be a mental health professional who has research or clin-ical mental health experience working with minorities; (G) at least 1 member shall be a mental health professional who has research or clin-ical mental health experience working with medically underserved populations; (H) at least 1 member shall be a State cer-tified mental health peer-support specialist; (I) at least 1 member shall be a judge with experience adjudicating cases within a men-tal health court; (J) at least 1 member shall be a law en-forcement officer or corrections officer with extensive experience in interfacing with in-dividuals with a serious mental illness or se-rious emotional disturbance, or in a mental health crisis; and (K) at least 1 member shall be a homeless services provider with experience working with individuals with serious mental illness, with serious emotional disturbance, or hav-ing mental health crisis. (3) T
ERMS .—A member of the Committee appointed under paragraph (2) shall serve for a term of 3 years, and may be reappointed for one or more additional 3-year terms. Any member appointed to fill a vacancy for an unexpired term shall be appointed for the re-mainder of such term. A member may serve after the expiration of the member’s term until a successor has been appointed. (f) W
ORKING GROUPS .—In carrying out its functions, the Committee may establish working groups. Such working groups shall be composed of Committee members, or their designees, and may hold such meetings as are necessary. (g) S
UNSET .—The Committee shall termi-nate on the date that is 6 years after the date on which the Committee is established under subsection (a)(1). TITLE IV—COMPASSIONATE COMMUNICATION ON HIPAA 
SEC. 401. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The vast majority of individuals with mental illness are capable of understanding their illness and caring for themselves. (2) Persons with serious mental illness (in this section referred to as ‘‘SMI’’), including schizophrenia spectrum, bipolar disorders, and major depressive disorder, may be sig-nificantly impaired in their ability to under-stand or make sound decisions for their care and needs. By nature of their illness, cog-nitive impairments in reasoning and judg-ment, as well as the presence of halluci-nations, delusions, and severe emotional dis-tortions, they may lack the awareness they even have a mental illness (a condition known as anosognosia), and thus may be un-able to make sound decisions regarding their care, nor follow through consistently and ef-fectively on their care needs. (3) Persons with mental illness or SMI may require and benefit from mental health treatment in order to recover to the fullest extent of their ability; these beneficial inter-ventions may include psychiatric care, psy-chological care, medication, peer support, educational support, employment support, and housing support. (4) Persons with SMI who are provided with professional and supportive services may still experience times when their symp-toms may greatly impair their abilities to make sound decisions for their personal care or may discontinue their care as a result of this impaired decisionmaking resulting in a further deterioration of their condition. They may experience a temporary or pro-longed impairment as a result of their di-minished capacity to care for themselves. (5) Episodes of psychiatric crises among those with SMI can result in neurological harm to the individual’s brain. (6) Persons with SMI— (A) are at high risk for other chronic phys-ical illnesses, with approximately 50 percent having two or more co-occurring chronic physical illnesses such as cardiac, pul-monary, cancer, and endocrine disorders; and (B) have three times the odds of having chronic bronchitis, five times the odds of having emphysema, and four times the odds of having COPD, are more than four times as likely to have fluid and electrolyte dis-orders, and are nearly three times as likely to be nicotine dependent. (7) Some psychotropic medications, such as second generation antipsychotics, signifi-cantly increase risk for chronic illnesses such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. (8) When the individual fails to seek or maintain treatment for these physical condi-tions over a long term, it can result in the individual becoming gravely disabled, or de-veloping life-threatening illnesses. Early and consistent treatment can ameliorate or re-duce symptoms or cure the disease. (9) Persons with SMI die 7 to 24 years ear-lier than their age cohorts primarily because of complications from their chronic physical illness and failure to seek or maintain treat-ment resulting from emotional and cognitive impairments from their SMI. (10) It is beneficial to the person with SMI and chronic illness to seek and maintain continuity of medical care and treatment for their mental illness to prevent further dete-rioration and harm to their own safety. (11) When the individual with SMI is sig-nificantly diminished in their capacity to care for themselves long term or acutely, other supportive interventions to assist their care may be necessary to protect their health and safety. (12) Prognosis for the physical and psy-chiatric health of those with SMI may im-prove when responsible caregivers facilitate and participate in care. (13) When an individual with SMI is chron-ically incapacitated in their ability to care for themselves, caregivers can pursue legal guardianship to facilitate care in appro-priate areas while being mindful to allow the individual to make decisions for themselves in areas where they are capable. (14) Individuals with SMI who have pro-longed periods of being significantly func-tional can, during such periods, design and sign an advanced directive to predefine and choose medications, providers, treatment plans, and hospitals, and provide caregivers with guardianship the ability to help in those times when a patient’s psychiatric symptoms worsen to the point of making them incapacitated or leaving them with a severely diminished capacity to make in-formed decisions about their care which may result in harm to their physical and mental health. (15) All professional and support efforts should be made to help the individual with SMI and acute or chronic physical illnesses to understand and follow through on treat-ment. (16) When individuals with SMI, even after efforts to help them understand, have failed to care for themselves, there exists confusion in the health care community around what is currently permissible under HIPAA rules. This confusion may hinder communication with responsible caregivers who may be able to facilitate care for the patient with SMI in instances when the individual does not give permission for disclosure. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that, for the sake of the health and safety of persons with serious mental ill-ness, more clarity is needed surrounding the existing HIPAA privacy rule promulgated pursuant to section 264(c) of the Health In-surance Portability and Accountability Act (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note) to permit health care professionals to communicate, when nec-essary, with responsible known caregivers of such persons, the limited, appropriate pro-tected health information of such persons in order to facilitate treatment, but not includ-ing psychotherapy notes. SEC. 402. CONFIDENTIALITY OF RECORDS. 
Not later than one year after the date on which the Secretary of Health and Human Services first finalizes regulations updating part 2 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to confidentiality of alcohol and drug abuse patient records) after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene relevant stakeholders to determine the effect of such regulations on patient care, health outcomes, and patient privacy. The Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and make publicly available, a report on the findings of such stakeholders. 
SEC. 403. CLARIFICATION OF CIRCUMSTANCES UNDER WHICH DISCLOSURE OF PRO-TECTED HEALTH INFORMATION IS PERMITTED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall promulgate final regulations clarifying the circumstances under which, consistent with the provisions of subpart C of title XI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320d et seq.) and regulations promulgated pursuant to section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note), a health care pro-vider or covered entity may disclose the pro-tected health information of a patient with a mental illness, including for purposes of— (1) communicating (including with respect to treatment, side effects, risk factors, and the availability of community resources) with a family member of such patient, care-giver of such patient, or other individual to the extent that such family member, care-giver, or individual is involved in the care of the patient; (2) communicating with a family member of the patient, caregiver of such patient, or other individual involved in the care of the patient in the case that the patient is an adult; (3) communicating with the parent or care-giver of a patient in the case that the pa-tient is a minor; (4) considering the patient’s capacity to agree or object to the sharing of the pro-tected health information of the patient; (5) communicating and sharing informa-tion with the family or caregivers of the pa-tient when— (A) the patient consents; (B) the patient does not consent, but the patient lacks the capacity to agree or object and the communication or sharing of infor-mation is in the patient’s best interest; (C) the patient does not consent and the patient is not incapacitated or in an emer-gency circumstance, but the ability of the patient to make rational health care deci-sions is significantly diminished by reason of the physical or mental health condition of the patient; and (D) the patient does not consent, but such communication and sharing of information is necessary to prevent impending and seri-ous deterioration of the patient’s mental or physical health; (6) involving a patient’s family members, caregivers, or others involved in the pa-tient’s care or care plan, including facili-tating treatment and medication adherence, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4309 July 6, 2016 
in dealing with patient failures to adhere to medication or other therapy; (7) listening to or receiving information with respect to the patient from the family or caregiver of such patient receiving mental illness treatment; (8) communicating with family members of the patient, caregivers of the patient, law enforcement, or others when the patient pre-sents a serious and imminent threat of harm to self or others; and (9) communicating to law enforcement and family members of the patient or caregivers of the patient about the admission of the pa-tient to receive care at a facility or the re-lease of a patient who was admitted to a fa-cility for an emergency psychiatric hold or involuntary treatment. (b) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall carry out this section in coordination with the Direc-tor of the Office for Civil Rights within the Department of Health and Human Services. (c) C
ONSISTENCY WITHGUIDANCE .—The Sec- retary of Health and Human Services shall ensure that the regulations under this sec-tion are consistent with the guidance enti-tled ‘‘HIPAA Privacy Rule and Sharing In-formation Related to Mental Health’’, issued by the Department of Health and Human Services on February 20, 2014. 
SEC. 404. DEVELOPMENT AND DISSEMINATION OF MODEL TRAINING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NITIAL PROGRAMS AND MATERIALS .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall develop and disseminate— (1) a model program and materials for training health care providers (including physicians, emergency medical personnel, psychologists, counselors, therapists, behav-ioral health facilities and clinics, care man-agers, and hospitals) regarding the cir-cumstances under which, consistent with the standards governing the privacy and security of individually identifiable health informa-tion promulgated by the Secretary under subpart C of title XI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320d et seq.) and regulations promulgated pursuant to section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note), the protected health information of patients with a mental illness may be disclosed with and without patient consent; (2) a model program and materials for training lawyers and others in the legal pro-fession on such circumstances; and (3) a model program and materials for training patients and their families regard-ing their rights to protect and obtain infor-mation under the standards specified in paragraph (1). (b) P
ERIODIC UPDATES .—The Secretary shall— (1) periodically review and update the model programs and materials developed under subsection (a); and (2) disseminate the updated model pro-grams and materials. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The programs and mate-rials developed under subsection (a) shall ad-dress the guidance entitled ‘‘HIPAA Privacy Rule and Sharing Information Related to Mental Health’’, issued by the Department of Health and Human Services on February 20, 2014. (d) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall carry out this section in coordination with the Director of the Office for Civil Rights within the Department of Health and Human Services, the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, the Adminis-trator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, and the heads of other rel-evant agencies within the Department of Health and Human Services. (e) INPUT OF CERTAIN ENTITIES .—In devel- oping the model programs and materials re-quired by subsections (a) and (b), the Sec-retary shall solicit the input of relevant na-tional, State, and local associations, medical societies, and licensing boards. (f) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, and $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 and 2022. TITLE V—INCREASING ACCESS TO TREAT-MENT FOR SERIOUS MENTAL ILLNESS 
SEC. 501. ASSERTIVE COMMUNITY TREATMENT GRANT PROGRAM FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH SERIOUS MENTAL ILLNESS. 
Part B of title V of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 520L the following: 
‘‘SEC. 520M. ASSERTIVE COMMUNITY TREATMENT GRANT PROGRAM FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH SERIOUS MENTAL ILLNESS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary shall award grants to eligible entities— ‘‘(1) to establish assertive community treatment programs for individuals with se-rious mental illness; or ‘‘(2) to maintain or expand such programs. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an entity shall be a State, county, city, tribe, tribal organization, mental health system, health care facility, or any other entity the Assist-ant Secretary deems appropriate. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—In selecting among applicants for a grant under this sec-tion, the Assistant Secretary may give spe-cial consideration to the potential of the ap-plicant’s program to reduce hospitalization, homelessness, and involvement with the criminal justice system while improving the health and social outcomes of the patient. ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—The Assist-ant Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not later than the end of fiscal year 2021, submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees on the grant program under this section, including an evaluation of— ‘‘(A) cost savings and public health out-comes such as mortality, suicide, substance abuse, hospitalization, and use of services; ‘‘(B) rates of involvement with the crimi-nal justice system of patients; ‘‘(C) rates of homelessness among patients; and ‘‘(D) patient and family satisfaction with program participation; and ‘‘(2) provide appropriate information, training, and technical assistance to grant recipients under this section to help such re-cipients to establish, maintain, or expand their assertive community treatment pro-grams. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out this sec-tion, there is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF CERTAIN FUNDS .—Of the funds appropriated to carry out this section in any fiscal year, no more than 5 percent shall be available to the Assistant Secretary for car-rying out subsection (d).’’. 
SEC. 502. STRENGTHENING COMMUNITY CRISIS RESPONSE SYSTEMS. 
Section 520F of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–37) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 520F. STRENGTHENING COMMUNITY CRISIS RESPONSE SYSTEMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall award competitive grants— ‘‘(1) to State and local governments and In-dian tribes and tribal organizations to en-hance community-based crisis response sys-tems; or ‘‘(2) to States to develop, maintain, or en-hance a database of beds at inpatient psy-chiatric facilities, crisis stabilization units, and residential community mental health and residential substance use disorder treat-ment facilities, for individuals with serious mental illness, serious emotional disturb-ance, or substance use disorders. ‘‘(b) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To receive a grant or co-operative agreement under subsection (a), an entity shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require. ‘‘(2) C
OMMUNITY -BASED CRISIS RESPONSE  
PLAN .—An application for a grant under sub-section (a)(1) shall include a plan for— ‘‘(A) promoting integration and coordina-tion between local public and private enti-ties engaged in crisis response, including first responders, emergency health care pro-viders, primary care providers, law enforce-ment, court systems, health care payers, so-cial service providers, and behavioral health providers; ‘‘(B) developing a plan for entering into memoranda of understanding with public and private entities to implement crisis response services; ‘‘(C) expanding the continuum of commu-nity-based services to address crisis inter-vention and prevention; and ‘‘(D) developing models for minimizing hospital readmissions, including through ap-propriate discharge planning. ‘‘(3) B
EDS DATABASE PLAN .—An application for a grant under subsection (a)(2) shall in-clude a plan for developing, maintaining, or enhancing a real-time Internet-based bed database to collect, aggregate, and display information about beds in inpatient psy-chiatric facilities and crisis stabilization units, and residential community mental health and residential substance use disorder treatment facilities, to facilitate the identi-fication and designation of facilities for the temporary treatment of individuals in men-tal or substance use disorder crisis. ‘‘(c) D
ATABASE REQUIREMENTS .—A bed database described in this section is a data-base that— ‘‘(1) includes information on inpatient psy-chiatric facilities, crisis stabilization units, and residential community mental health and residential substance use disorder facili-ties in the State involved, including contact information for the facility or unit; ‘‘(2) provides real-time information about the number of beds available at each facility or unit and, for each available bed, the type of patient that may be admitted, the level of security provided, and any other information that may be necessary to allow for the prop-er identification of appropriate facilities for treatment of individuals in mental or sub-stance use disorder crisis; and ‘‘(3) enables searches of the database to identify available beds that are appropriate for the treatment of individuals in mental or substance use disorder crisis. ‘‘(d) E
VALUATION .—An entity receiving a grant under subsection (a)(1) shall submit to the Secretary, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require, a report, in-cluding an evaluation of the effect of such grant on— ‘‘(1) local crisis response services and measures of individuals receiving crisis plan-ning and early intervention supports; ‘‘(2) individuals reporting improved func-tional outcomes; and ‘‘(3) individuals receiving regular followup care following a crisis. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4310 July 6, 2016 
carry out this section, $5,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2018 through 2022.’’. 
SEC. 503. INCREASED AND EXTENDED FUNDING FOR ASSISTED OUTPATIENT GRANT PROGRAM FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH SERIOUS MENTAL ILLNESS. 
Section 224(g) of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 290aa note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘is author-ized to be appropriated to carry out this sec-tion $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017, $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, $19,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, and $18,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 and 2022’’. 
SEC. 504. LIABILITY PROTECTIONS FOR HEALTH PROFESSIONAL VOLUNTEERS AT COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS. 
Section 224 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 233) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q)(1) For purposes of this section, a health professional volunteer at an entity described in subsection (g)(4) shall, in pro-viding a health professional service eligible for funding under section 330 to an indi-vidual, be deemed to be an employee of the Public Health Service for a calendar year that begins during a fiscal year for which a transfer was made under paragraph (4)(C). The preceding sentence is subject to the pro-visions of this subsection. ‘‘(2) In providing a health service to an in-dividual, a health care practitioner shall for purposes of this subsection be considered to be a health professional volunteer at an enti-ty described in subsection (g)(4) if the fol-lowing conditions are met: ‘‘(A) The service is provided to the indi-vidual at the facilities of an entity described in subsection (g)(4), or through offsite pro-grams or events carried out by the entity. ‘‘(B) The entity is sponsoring the health care practitioner pursuant to paragraph (3)(B). ‘‘(C) The health care practitioner does not receive any compensation for the service from the individual or from any third-party payer (including reimbursement under any insurance policy or health plan, or under any Federal or State health benefits program), except that the health care practitioner may receive repayment from the entity described in subsection (g)(4) for reasonable expenses incurred by the health care practitioner in the provision of the service to the individual. ‘‘(D) Before the service is provided, the health care practitioner or the entity de-scribed in subsection (g)(4) posts a clear and conspicuous notice at the site where the service is provided of the extent to which the legal liability of the health care practitioner is limited pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(E) At the time the service is provided, the health care practitioner is licensed or certified in accordance with applicable law regarding the provision of the service. ‘‘(3) Subsection (g) (other than paragraphs (3) and (5)) and subsections (h), (i), and (l) apply to a health care practitioner for pur-poses of this subsection to the same extent and in the same manner as such subsections apply to an officer, governing board member, employee, or contractor of an entity de-scribed in subsection (g)(4), subject to para-graph (4) and subject to the following: ‘‘(A) The first sentence of paragraph (1) ap-plies in lieu of the first sentence of sub-section (g)(1)(A). ‘‘(B) With respect to an entity described in subsection (g)(4), a health care practitioner is not a health professional volunteer at such entity unless the entity sponsors the health care practitioner. For purposes of this sub-section, the entity shall be considered to be sponsoring the health care practitioner if— ‘‘(i) with respect to the health care practi-tioner, the entity submits to the Secretary an application meeting the requirements of subsection (g)(1)(D); and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary, pursuant to subsection (g)(1)(E), determines that the health care practitioner is deemed to be an employee of the Public Health Service. ‘‘(C) In the case of a health care practi-tioner who is determined by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (g)(1)(E) to be a health professional volunteer at such entity, this subsection applies to the health care practitioner (with respect to services per-formed on behalf of the entity sponsoring the health care practitioner pursuant to sub-paragraph (B)) for any cause of action aris-ing from an act or omission of the health care practitioner occurring on or after the date on which the Secretary makes such de-termination. ‘‘(D) Subsection (g)(1)(F) applies to a health care practitioner for purposes of this subsection only to the extent that, in pro-viding health services to an individual, each of the conditions specified in paragraph (2) is met. ‘‘(4)(A) Amounts in the fund established under subsection (k)(2) shall be available for transfer under subparagraph (C) for purposes of carrying out this subsection. ‘‘(B) Not later May 1 of each fiscal year, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary, shall submit to the Congress a report providing an estimate of the amount of claims (together with related fees and ex-penses of witnesses) that, by reason of the acts or omissions of health professional vol-unteers, will be paid pursuant to this section during the calendar year that begins in the following fiscal year. Subsection (k)(1)(B) ap-plies to the estimate under the preceding sentence regarding health professional vol-unteers to the same extent and in the same manner as such subsection applies to the es-timate under such subsection regarding offi-cers, governing board members, employees, and contractors of entities described in sub-section (g)(4). ‘‘(C) Not later than December 31 of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall transfer from the fund under subsection (k)(2) to the appro-priate accounts in the Treasury an amount equal to the estimate made under subpara-graph (B) for the calendar year beginning in such fiscal year, subject to the extent of amounts in the fund. ‘‘(5)(A) This subsection takes effect on Oc-tober 1, 2017, except as provided in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) Effective on the date of the enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(i) the Secretary may issue regulations for carrying out this subsection, and the Sec-retary may accept and consider applications submitted pursuant to paragraph (3)(B); and ‘‘(ii) reports under paragraph (4)(B) may be submitted to the Congress.’’. TITLE VI—SUPPORTING INNOVATIVE AND EVIDENCE-BASED PROGRAMS Subtitle A—Encouraging the Advancement, Incorporation, and Development of Evi-dence-Based Practices 
SEC. 601. ENCOURAGING INNOVATION AND EVI-DENCE-BASED PROGRAMS. 
Section 501B of the Public Health Service Act, as inserted by section 103, is further amended, by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) P
ROMOTING INNOVATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary, in coordination with the Laboratory, may award grants to States, local governments, Indian tribes or tribal organizations (as such terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act), educational institutions, and non-profit organizations to develop evidence- based interventions, including culturally and linguistically appropriate services, as appro-priate, for— ‘‘(A) evaluating a model that has been sci-entifically demonstrated to show promise, but would benefit from further applied devel-opment, for— ‘‘(i) enhancing the prevention, diagnosis, intervention, treatment, and recovery of mental illness, serious emotional disturb-ance, substance use disorders, and co-occur-ring illness or disorders; or ‘‘(ii) integrating or coordinating physical health services and mental illness and sub-stance use disorder services; and ‘‘(B) expanding, replicating, or scaling evi-dence-based programs across a wider area to enhance effective screening, early diagnosis, intervention, and treatment with respect to mental illness, serious mental illness, and serious emotional disturbance, primarily by— ‘‘(i) applying delivery of care, including training staff in effective evidence-based treatment; or ‘‘(ii) integrating models of care across spe-cialties and jurisdictions. ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION .—In awarding grants under this paragraph, the Assistant Sec-retary shall, as appropriate, consult with the advisory councils described in section 502, the National Institute of Mental Health, the National Institute on Drug Abuse, and the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Al-coholism, as appropriate. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated— ‘‘(A) to carry out paragraph (1)(A), $7,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2020; and ‘‘(B) to carry out paragraph (1)(B), $7,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 602. PROMOTING ACCESS TO INFORMATION ON EVIDENCE-BASED PROGRAMS AND PRACTICES. 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Serv-ice Act is amended by inserting after section 543 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2 ) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 544. PROMOTING ACCESS TO INFORMATION ON EVIDENCE-BASED PROGRAMS AND PRACTICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary shall improve access to reliable and valid in-formation on evidence-based programs and practices, including information on the strength of evidence associated with such programs and practices, related to mental illness and substance use disorders for States, local communities, nonprofit enti-ties, and other stakeholders by posting on the website of the National Registry of Evi-dence-Based Programs and Practices evi-dence-based programs and practices that have been reviewed by the Assistant Sec-retary pursuant to the requirements of this section. ‘‘(b) N
OTICE .— ‘‘(1) P
ERIODS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Assistant Secretary may establish an initial period for the submission of applica-tions for evidence-based programs and prac-tices to be posted publicly in accordance with subsection (a) (and may establish subse-quent such periods). The Assistant Secretary shall publish notice of such application peri-ods in the Federal Register. ‘‘(2) A
DDRESSING GAPS .—Such notice may solicit applications for evidence-based prac-tices and programs to address gaps in infor-mation identified by the Assistant Sec-retary, the Assistant Secretary for Planning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4311 July 6, 2016 
and Evaluation, the Assistant Secretary for Financial Resources, or the National Mental Health and Substance Use Policy Labora-tory, including pursuant to priorities identi-fied in the strategic plan established under section 501(l). ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Assistant Sec-retary shall establish minimum require-ments for applications referred to in this sec-tion, including applications related to the submission of research and evaluation. ‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND RATING .—The Assistant Secretary shall review applications prior to public posting, and may prioritize the review of applications for evidence-based practices and programs that are related to topics in-cluded in the notice established under sub-section (b). The Assistant Secretary shall utilize a rating and review system, which shall include information on the strength of evidence associated with such programs and practices and a rating of the methodological rigor of the research supporting the applica-tion. The Assistant Secretary shall make the metrics used to evaluate applications and the resulting ratings publicly available.’’. 
SEC. 603. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the Na-tional Institute of Mental Health should con-duct or support research on the deter-minants of self-directed and other violence connected to mental illness. Subtitle B—Supporting the State Response to Mental Health Needs 
SEC. 611. COMMUNITY MENTAL HEALTH SERV-ICES BLOCK GRANT. 
(a) F ORMULA GRANTS .—Section 1911(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), the following: ‘‘(1) providing community mental health services for adults with a serious mental ill-ness and children with a serious emotional disturbance as defined in accordance with section 1912(c);’’. (b) S
TATE PLAN.—Subsection (b) of section 1912 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
RITERIA FOR PLAN.—The criteria specified in this subsection are as follows: ‘‘(1) S
YSTEM OF CARE .—The plan provides a description of the system of care of the State, including as follows: ‘‘(A) C
OMPREHENSIVE COMMUNITY -BASED  
HEALTH SYSTEMS .—The plan shall— ‘‘(i) identify the single State agency to be responsible for the administration of the pro-gram under the grant and any third party with whom the agency will contract (subject to such third party complying with the re-quirements of this part) for administering mental health services through such pro-gram; ‘‘(ii) provide for an organized community- based system of care for individuals with mental illness, and describe available serv-ices and resources in a comprehensive sys-tem of care, including services for individ-uals with mental health and behavioral health co-occurring illness or disorders; ‘‘(iii) include a description of the manner in which the State and local entities will co-ordinate services to maximize the efficiency, effectiveness, quality, and cost effectiveness of services and programs to produce the best possible outcomes (including health services, rehabilitation services, employment serv-ices, housing services, educational services, substance use disorder services, legal serv-ices, law enforcement services, social serv-ices, child welfare services, medical and den-tal care services, and other support services to be provided with Federal, State, and local public and private resources) with other agencies to enable individuals receiving serv-ices to function outside of inpatient or resi-dential institutions, to the maximum extent of their capabilities, including services to be provided by local school systems under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; ‘‘(iv) include a description of how the State— ‘‘(I) promotes evidence-based practices, in-cluding those evidence-based programs that address the needs of individuals with early serious mental illness regardless of the age of the individual at onset; ‘‘(II) provides comprehensive individual-ized treatment; or ‘‘(III) integrates mental and physical health services; ‘‘(v) include a description of case manage-ment services in the State; ‘‘(vi) include a description of activities that seek to engage individuals with serious mental illness or serious emotional disturb-ance and their caregivers where appropriate in making health care decisions, including activities that enhance communication be-tween individuals, families, caregivers, and treatment providers; and ‘‘(vii) as appropriate to and reflective of the uses the State proposes for the block grant monies— ‘‘(I) a description of the activities intended to reduce hospitalizations and hospital stays using the block grant monies; ‘‘(II) a description of the activities in-tended to reduce incidents of suicide using the block grant monies; and ‘‘(III) a description of how the State inte-grates mental health and primary care using the block grant monies. ‘‘(B) MENTAL HEALTH SYSTEM DATA AND EPI -
DEMIOLOGY .—The plan shall contain an esti-mate of the incidence and prevalence in the State of serious mental illness among adults and serious emotional disturbance among children and presents quantitative targets and outcome measures for programs and services provided under this subpart. ‘‘(C) C
HILDREN ’S SERVICES .—In the case of children with serious emotional disturbance (as defined in accordance with subsection (c)), the plan shall provide for a system of in-tegrated social services, educational serv-ices, child welfare services, juvenile justice services, law enforcement services, and sub-stance use disorder services that, together with health and mental health services, will be provided in order for such children to re-ceive care appropriate for their multiple needs (such system to include services pro-vided under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act). ‘‘(D) T
ARGETED SERVICES TO RURAL AND  
HOMELESS POPULATIONS .—The plan shall de-scribe the State’s outreach to and services for individuals who are homeless and how community-based services will be provided to individuals residing in rural areas. ‘‘(E) M
ANAGEMENT SERVICES .—The plan shall— ‘‘(i) describe the financial resources avail-able, the existing mental health workforce, and the workforce trained in treating indi-viduals with co-occurring mental illness and substance use disorders; ‘‘(ii) provide for the training of providers of emergency health services regarding mental health; ‘‘(iii) describe the manner in which the State intends to expend the grant under sec-tion 1911 for the fiscal year involved; and ‘‘(iv) describe the manner in which the State intends to comply with each of the funding agreements in this subpart and sub-part III. ‘‘(2) G
OALS AND OBJECTIVES .—The plan es-tablishes goals and objectives for the period of the plan, including targets and milestones that are intended to be met, and the activi-ties that will be undertaken to achieve those goals and objectives.’’. (c) BESTPRACTICES IN CLINICAL CAREMOD-
ELS.—Section 1920 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–9) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(c) B
EST PRACTICES IN CLINICAL CARE M
ODELS .—A State shall expend not less than 10 percent of the amount the State receives for carrying out this subpart in each fiscal year to support evidence-based programs that address the needs of individuals with early serious mental illness, including psy-chotic disorders, regardless of the age of the individual at the onset of such illness.’’. (d) A
DDITIONAL PROVISIONS .—Section 1915(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–4(b)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A funding agreement for a grant under section 1911 is that the State involved will maintain State expenditures for community mental health services at a level that is not less than the average of the amounts prescribed by this paragraph (prior to any waiver under paragraph (3)) for such expenditures by such State for each of the two fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year for which the State is applying for the grant.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘specified in paragraph (1)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘principle’’ and inserting ‘‘principal’’; (3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, upon the request of a State, waive the re-quirement established in paragraph (1) in whole or in part, if the Secretary determines that extraordinary economic conditions in the State in the fiscal year involved or in the previous fiscal year justify the waiver. ‘‘(B) D
ATE CERTAIN FOR ACTION UPON RE -
QUEST .—The Secretary shall approve or deny a request for a waiver under this paragraph not later than 120 days after the date on which the request is made. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICABILITY OF WAIVER .—A waiver provided by the Secretary under this para-graph shall be applicable only to the fiscal year involved.’’; and (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) D
ETERMINATION AND REDUCTION .—The Secretary shall determine, in the case of each State, and for each fiscal year, whether the State maintained material compliance with the agreement made under paragraph (1). If the Secretary determines that a State has failed to maintain such compliance for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reduce the amount of the allotment under section 1911 for the State, for the first fiscal year begin-ning after such determination is final, by an amount equal to the amount constituting such failure for the previous fiscal year about which the determination was made. ‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATIVE SANCTION .—The Sec-retary may by regulation provide for an al-ternative method of imposing a sanction for a failure by a State to maintain material compliance with the agreement under para-graph (1) if the Secretary determines that such alternative method would be more equi-table and would be a more effective incentive for States to maintain such material compli-ance.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting after the subparagraph des-ignation the following: ‘‘S
UBMISSION OF IN -
FORMATION TO THE SECRETARY .—’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4312 July 6, 2016 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(i)’’. (e) A
PPLICATION FOR GRANT .—Section 1917(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–6(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘1941’’ and inserting ‘‘1942(a)’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘1915(b)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘1915(b)’’. Subtitle C—Strengthening Mental Health Care for Children and Adolescents 
SEC. 621. TELE-MENTAL HEALTH CARE ACCESS GRANTS. 
Title III of the Public Health Service Act is amended by inserting after section 330L of such Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–18) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 330M. TELE-MENTAL HEALTH CARE ACCESS GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration and in coordination with other relevant Federal agencies, shall award grants to States, polit-ical subdivisions of States, Indian tribes, and tribal organizations (for purposes of this sec-tion, as such terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)) to promote behavioral health integration in pe-diatric primary care by— ‘‘(1) supporting the development of state-wide child mental health care access pro-grams; and ‘‘(2) supporting the improvement of exist-ing statewide child mental health care ac-cess programs. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A child mental health care access program referred to in subsection (a), with respect to which a grant under such subsection may be used, shall— ‘‘(A) be a statewide network of pediatric mental health teams that provide support to pediatric primary care sites as an integrated team; ‘‘(B) support and further develop organized State networks of child and adolescent psy-chiatrists and psychologists to provide con-sultative support to pediatric primary care sites; ‘‘(C) conduct an assessment of critical be-havioral consultation needs among pediatric providers and such providers’ preferred mechanisms for receiving consultation and training and technical assistance; ‘‘(D) develop an online database and com-munication mechanisms, including tele-health, to facilitate consultation support to pediatric practices; ‘‘(E) provide rapid statewide clinical tele-phone or telehealth consultations when re-quested between the pediatric mental health teams and pediatric primary care providers; ‘‘(F) conduct training and provide tech-nical assistance to pediatric primary care providers to support the early identification, diagnosis, treatment, and referral of children with behavioral health conditions or co-oc-curring intellectual and other developmental disabilities; ‘‘(G) provide information to pediatric pro-viders about, and assist pediatric providers in accessing, child psychiatry and psy-chology consultations and in scheduling and conducting technical assistance; ‘‘(H) assist with referrals to specialty care and community or behavioral health re-sources; and ‘‘(I) establish mechanisms for measuring and monitoring increased access to child and adolescent psychiatric and psychology serv-ices by pediatric primary care providers and expanded capacity of pediatric primary care providers to identify, treat, and refer chil-dren with mental health problems. ‘‘(2) P
EDIATRIC MENTAL HEALTH TEAMS .—In this subsection, the term ‘pediatric mental health team’ means a team of case coordina-tors, child and adolescent psychiatrists, and licensed clinical mental health professionals, such as a psychologist, social worker, or mental health counselor. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION .—A State, political sub-division of a State, Indian tribe, or tribal or-ganization seeking a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require, including a plan for the rig-orous evaluation of activities that are car-ried out with funds received under such grant. ‘‘(d) E
VALUATION .—A State, political sub-division of a State, Indian tribe, or tribal or-ganization that receives a grant under this section shall prepare and submit an evalua-tion of activities carried out with funds re-ceived under such grant to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may rea-sonably require, including a process and out-come evaluation. ‘‘(e) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-retary may not award a grant under this sec-tion unless the State, political subdivision of a State, Indian tribe, or tribal organization involved agrees, with respect to the costs to be incurred by the State, political subdivi-sion of a State, Indian tribe, or tribal organi-zation in carrying out the purpose described in this section, to make available non-Fed-eral contributions (in cash or in kind) to-ward such costs in an amount that is not less than 20 percent of Federal funds provided in the grant. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $9,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 622. INFANT AND EARLY CHILDHOOD MEN-TAL HEALTH PROMOTION, INTER-VENTION, AND TREATMENT. 
Part Q of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290h et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 399Z–2. INFANT AND EARLY CHILDHOOD MENTAL HEALTH PROMOTION, INTERVENTION, AND TREATMENT. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) award grants to eligible entities, in-cluding human services agencies, to develop, maintain, or enhance infant and early child-hood mental health promotion, intervention, and treatment programs, including— ‘‘(A) programs for infants and children at significant risk of developing, showing early signs of, or having been diagnosed with men-tal illness including serious emotional dis-turbance; and ‘‘(B) multigenerational therapy and other services that support the caregiving rela-tionship; and ‘‘(2) ensure that programs funded through grants under this section are evidence-in-formed or evidence-based models, practices, and methods that are, as appropriate, cul-turally and linguistically appropriate, and can be replicated in other appropriate set-tings. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE CHILDREN AND ENTITIES .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE CHILD .—The term ‘eligible child’ means a child from birth to not more than 5 years of age who— ‘‘(A) is at risk for, shows early signs of, or has been diagnosed with a mental illness, in-cluding serious emotional disturbance; and ‘‘(B) may benefit from infant and early childhood intervention or treatment pro-grams or specialized preschool or elementary school programs that are evidence-based or that have been scientifically demonstrated to show promise but would benefit from fur-ther applied development. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a nonprofit institution that— ‘‘(A) is accredited or approved by a State mental health or education agency, as appli-cable, to provide for children from infancy to 5 years of age mental health promotion, intervention, or treatment services that are evidence-based or that have been scientif-ically demonstrated to show promise but would benefit from further applied develop-ment; and ‘‘(B) provides programs described in sub-section (a) that are evidence-based or that have been scientifically demonstrated to show promise but would benefit from further applied development. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION .—An eligible entity seek-ing a grant under subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR EARLY INTERVEN -
TION AND TREATMENT PROGRAMS .—An eligible entity may use amounts awarded under a grant under subsection (a)(1) to carry out the following: ‘‘(1) Provide age-appropriate mental health promotion and early intervention services or mental illness treatment services, which may include specialized programs, for eligi-ble children at significant risk of developing, showing early signs of, or having been diag-nosed with a mental illness, including seri-ous emotional disturbance. Such services may include social and behavioral services as well as multigenerational therapy and other services ?that support the caregiving relationship. ‘‘(2) Provide training for health care pro-fessionals with expertise in infant and early childhood mental health care with respect to appropriate and relevant integration with other disciplines such as primary care clini-cians, early intervention specialists, child welfare staff, home visitors, early care and education providers, and others who work with young children and families. ‘‘(3) Provide mental health consultation to personnel of early care and education pro-grams (including licensed or regulated cen-ter-based and home-based child care, home visiting, preschool special education, and early intervention programs) who work with children and families. ‘‘(4) Provide training for mental health cli-nicians in infant and early childhood in promising and evidence-based practices and models for infant and early childhood mental health treatment and early intervention, in-cluding with regard to practices for identi-fying and treating mental illness and behav-ioral disorders of infants and children result-ing from exposure or repeated exposure to adverse childhood experiences or childhood trauma. ‘‘(5) Provide age-appropriate assessment, diagnostic, and intervention services for eli-gible children, including early mental health promotion, intervention, and treatment services. ‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—The Secretary may not award a grant under this section to an eligible entity unless the eligible entity agrees, with respect to the costs to be in-curred by the eligible entity in carrying out the activities described in subsection (d), to make available non-Federal contributions (in cash or in kind) toward such costs in an amount that is not less than 10 percent of the total amount of Federal funds provided in the grant. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $20,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2022.’’. 
SEC. 623. NATIONAL CHILD TRAUMATIC STRESS INITIATIVE. 
Section 582 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290hh–1; relating to grants to address the problems of persons who experi-ence violence related stress) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4313 July 6, 2016 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘devel-oping programs’’ and all that follows and in-serting the following: ‘‘developing and main-taining programs that provide for— ‘‘(1) the continued operation of the Na-tional Child Traumatic Stress Initiative (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘NCTSI’), which includes a coordinating center that fo-cuses on the mental, behavioral, and biologi-cal aspects of psychological trauma re-sponse; and ‘‘(2) the development of knowledge with re-gard to evidence-based practices for identi-fying and treating mental illness, behavioral disorders, and physical health conditions of children and youth resulting from witnessing or experiencing a traumatic event.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (a) related’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2) (related’’; (B) by striking ‘‘treating disorders associ-ated with psychological trauma’’ and insert-ing ‘‘treating mental illness and behavioral and biological disorders associated with psy-chological trauma)’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘mental health agencies and programs that have established clinical and basic research’’ and inserting ‘‘univer-sities, hospitals, mental health agencies, and other programs that have established clin-ical expertise and research’’; (3) by redesignating subsections (c) through (g) as subsections (g) through (k), respectively; (4) by inserting after subsection (b), the following: ‘‘(c) C
HILD OUTCOME DATA.—The NCTSI co-ordinating center shall collect, analyze, re-port, and make publicly available NCTSI- wide child treatment process and outcome data regarding the early identification and delivery of evidence-based treatment and services for children and families served by the NCTSI grantees. ‘‘(d) T
RAINING .—The NCTSI coordinating center shall facilitate the coordination of training initiatives in evidence-based and trauma-informed treatments, interventions, and practices offered to NCTSI grantees, pro-viders, and partners. ‘‘(e) D
ISSEMINATION .—The NCTSI coordi-nating center shall, as appropriate, collabo-rate with the Secretary in the dissemination of evidence-based and trauma-informed interventions, treatments, products, and other resources to appropriate stakeholders. ‘‘(f) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall, con-sistent with the peer-review process, ensure that NCTSI applications are reviewed by ap-propriate experts in the field as part of a consensus review process. The Secretary shall include review criteria related to ex-pertise and experience in child trauma and evidence-based practices.’’; (5) in subsection (g) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘with respect to centers of excel-lence are distributed equitably among the regions of the country’’ and inserting ‘‘are distributed equitably among the regions of the United States’’; (6) in subsection (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘recipient may not exceed 5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘recipient shall not be less than 4 years, but shall not exceed 5 years’’; and (7) in subsection (j) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2006’’ and inserting ‘‘$46,887,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. TITLE VII—GRANT PROGRAMS AND PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION Subtitle A—Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act Reauthorization 
SEC. 701. YOUTH INTERAGENCY RESEARCH, TRAINING, AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE CENTERS. 
Section 520C of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–34) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘SUICIDE PREVENTION TECHNICAL AS -
SISTANCE CENTER .’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and in consultation with’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘shall establish a research, training, and technical assistance resource center to provide appropriate information, training, and technical assistance to States, political subdivisions of States, federally recognized Indian tribes, tribal organiza-tions, institutions of higher education, pub-lic organizations, or private nonprofit orga-nizations regarding the prevention of suicide among all ages, particularly among groups that are at high risk for suicide.’’; (3) by striking subsections (b) and (c); (4) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (b); (5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CEN-
TER.—’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The additional research’’ and all that follows through ‘‘nonprofit organiza-tions for’’ and inserting ‘‘The center estab-lished under subsection (a) shall conduct ac-tivities for the purpose of’’; (C) by striking ‘‘youth suicide’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘suicide’’; (D) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the development or con-tinuation of’’ and inserting ‘‘developing and continuing’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘for all ages, particularly among groups that are at high risk for sui-cide’’ before the semicolon at the end; (E) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘for all ages, particularly among groups that are at high risk for suicide’’ before the semicolon at the end; (F) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and trib-al’’ after ‘‘statewide’’; (G) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘and pre-vention’’ after ‘‘intervention’’; (H) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘in youth’’; (I) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and be-havioral health’’ and inserting ‘‘health and substance use disorder’’; and (J) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘con-ducting’’ before ‘‘other’’; and (6) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $5,988,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Helping Fami-lies in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the activities carried out by the center established under subsection (a) during the year involved, including the potential effects of such activities, and the States, organiza-tions, and institutions that have worked with the center.’’. 
SEC. 702. YOUTH SUICIDE EARLY INTERVENTION AND PREVENTION STRATEGIES. 
Section 520E of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a) and in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘substance abuse’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘substance use disorder’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘each State is awarded only 1 grant or cooperative agreement under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘a State does not receive more than 1 grant or cooperative agreement under this section at any 1 time’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘been awarded’’ and insert-ing ‘‘received’’; and (3) by striking subsection (m) and inserting the following: ‘‘(m) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $35,427,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 703. MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER SERVICES ON CAMPUS. 
Section 520E–2 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36b) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
BEHAVIORAL HEALTH ’’ and inserting ‘‘ HEALTH  
AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Services,’’ and inserting ‘‘Services and’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and behavioral health problems’’ and inserting ‘‘health or sub-stance use disorders’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘substance abuse’’ and in-serting ‘‘substance use disorders’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for—’’ and inserting ‘‘for one or more of the following:’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (6) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) Educating students, families, faculty, and staff to increase awareness of mental health and substance use disorders. ‘‘(2) The operation of hotlines. ‘‘(3) Preparing informational material. ‘‘(4) Providing outreach services to notify students about available mental health and substance use disorder services. ‘‘(5) Administering voluntary mental health and substance use disorder screenings and assessments. ‘‘(6) Supporting the training of students, faculty, and staff to respond effectively to students with mental health and substance use disorders. ‘‘(7) Creating a network infrastructure to link colleges and universities with health care providers who treat mental health and substance use disorders.’’; (4) in subsection (c)(5), by striking ‘‘sub-stance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance use disorder’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘An institution of higher edu-cation desiring a grant under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an institution of higher education’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and behavioral health’’ and inserting ‘‘health and substance use dis-order’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, including veterans whenever possible and appropriate,’’ after ‘‘students’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, which may include, as appropriate and in accord-ance with subsection (b)(7), a plan to seek input from relevant stakeholders in the com-munity, including appropriate public and private entities, in order to carry out the program under the grant’’ before the period at the end; (6) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and be-havioral health problems’’ and inserting ‘‘health and substance use disorders’’; (7) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘and behavioral health’’ and inserting ‘‘health and substance use dis-order’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘suicide and substance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘suicide and substance use disorders’’; and (8) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 for fiscal year 2005’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘$6,488,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4314 July 6, 2016 
Subtitle B—Other Provisions 
SEC. 711. NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION LIFE-LINE PROGRAM. 
Subpart 3 of part B of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–31 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 520E–2 (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36b) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 520E–3. NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION LIFELINE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary, shall main-tain the National Suicide Prevention Life-line Program (referred to in this section as the ‘Program’), authorized under section 520A and in effect prior to the date of enact-ment of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—In maintaining the Pro-gram, the activities of the Secretary shall include— ‘‘(1) coordinating a network of crisis cen-ters across the United States for providing suicide prevention and crisis intervention services to individuals seeking help at any time, day or night; ‘‘(2) maintaining a suicide prevention hot-line to link callers to local emergency, men-tal health, and social services resources; and ‘‘(3) consulting with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to ensure that veterans calling the suicide prevention hotline have access to a specialized veterans’ suicide prevention hotline. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there are author-ized to be appropriated $7,198,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 712. WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT STUDIES AND REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, shall conduct a study, and publicly post on the appropriate Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services a report, on the mental health and substance use disorder workforce in order to inform Federal, State, and local efforts related to workforce en-hancement. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under this sec-tion shall contain— (1) national and State-level projections of the supply and demand of mental health and substance use disorder health workers, in-cluding the number of individuals practicing in fields deemed relevant by the Secretary; (2) an assessment of the mental health and substance use disorder workforce capacity, strengths, and weaknesses as of the date of the report, including the capacity of primary care to prevent, screen, treat, or refer for mental health and substance use disorders; (3) information on trends within the men-tal health and substance use disorder pro-vider workforce, including the number of in-dividuals entering the mental health work-force over the next five years; (4) information on the gaps in workforce development for mental health providers and professionals, including those who serve pe-diatric, adult, and geriatric patients; and (5) any additional information determined by the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, in consultation with the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, to be relevant to the mental health and substance use disorder provider workforce. 
SEC. 713. MINORITY FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
Title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART K—MINORITY FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM ‘‘SEC. 597. FELLOWSHIPS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall maintain a program, to be known as the Mi-nority Fellowship Program, under which the Secretary awards fellowships, which may in-clude stipends, for the purposes of— ‘‘(1) increasing behavioral health practi-tioners’ knowledge of issues related to pre-vention, treatment, and recovery support for mental illness and substance use disorders among racial and ethnic minority popu-lations; ‘‘(2) improving the quality of mental ill-ness and substance use disorder prevention and treatment delivered to racial and ethnic minorities; and ‘‘(3) increasing the number of culturally competent behavioral health professionals and school personnel who teach, administer, conduct services research, and provide direct mental health or substance use services to racial and ethnic minority populations. ‘‘(b) T
RAINING COVERED .—The fellowships under subsection (a) shall be for postbaccalaureate training (including for master’s and doctoral degrees) for mental health professionals, including in the fields of psychiatry, nursing, social work, psy-chology, marriage and family therapy, men-tal health counseling, and substance use and addiction counseling. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there are author-ized to be appropriated $12,669,000 for each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019 and $13,669,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021.’’. 
SEC. 714. CENTER AND PROGRAM REPEALS. 
Part B of title V of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb et seq.) is amended by striking the second section 514 (42 U.S.C. 290bb–9), relating to methamphetamine and amphetamine treatment initiatives, and sec-tions 514A, 517, 519A, 519C, 519E, 520D, and 520H (42 U.S.C. 290bb–8, 290bb–23, 290bb–25a, 290bb–25c, 290bb–25e, 290bb–35, and 290bb–39). 
SEC. 715. NATIONAL VIOLENT DEATH REPORTING SYSTEM. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, acting through the Director of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention, is encouraged to improve, particularly through the inclusion of additional States, the Na-tional Violent Death Reporting System as authorized by title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 241 et seq.). Participa-tion in the system by the States shall be vol-untary. 
SEC. 716. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PRIORITIZING NATIVE AMERICAN YOUTH AND SUI-CIDE PREVENTION PROGRAMS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds as fol-lows: (1) Suicide is the eighth leading cause of death among American Indians and Alaska Natives across all ages. (2) Among American Indians and Alaska Natives who are 10 to 34 years of age, suicide is the second leading cause of death. (3) The suicide rate among American In-dian and Alaska Native adolescents and young adults ages 15 to 34 (19.5 per 100,000) is 1.5 times higher than the national average for that age group (12.9 per 100,000). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in carrying out programs for Native American youth and suicide pre-vention programs for youth suicide interven-tion, should prioritize programs and activi-ties for individuals who have a high risk or disproportional burden of suicide, such as Native Americans. 
SEC. 717. PEER PROFESSIONAL WORKFORCE DE-VELOPMENT GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the purposes de-scribed in subsection (b), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall award grants to develop and sustain behavioral health paraprofessional training and edu-cation programs, including through tuition support. (b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of grants under this section are— (1) to increase the number of behavioral health paraprofessionals, including trained peers, recovery coaches, mental health and addiction specialists, prevention specialists, and pre-masters-level addiction counselors; and (2) to help communities develop the infra-structure to train and certify peers as behav-ioral health paraprofessionals. (c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an entity shall be a community college or other entity the Secretary deems appropriate. (d) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall seek to achieve an appropriate national balance in the geographic distribution of such awards. (e) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary may give special consideration to proposed and existing programs targeting peer profes-sionals serving youth ages 16 to 25. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. 
SEC. 718. NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .— (1) P
RIMARY HEALTH SERVICES .—Section 331(a)(3)(D) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254d(a)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including pediatric mental health sub-specialty services)’’ after ‘‘pediatrics’’. (2) B
EHAVIORAL AND MENTAL HEALTH PRO -
FESSIONALS .—Clause (i) of section 331(a)(3)(E) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254d(a)(3)(E)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(and pediatric subspecialists thereof)’’ before the period at the end. (b) E
LIGIBILITY TOPARTICIPATE IN LOAN R
EPAYMENT PROGRAM .—Section 338B(b)(1)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254l–1(b)(1)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding any physician child and adolescent psychiatry residency or fellowship training program’’ after ‘‘be enrolled in an approved graduate training program in medicine, os-teopathic medicine, dentistry, behavioral and mental health, or other health profes-sion’’. 
SEC. 719. ADULT SUICIDE PREVENTION. 
(a) G RANTS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’) may award grants to eligible en-tities in order to implement suicide preven-tion efforts amongst adults 25 and older. (2) P
URPOSE .—The grant program under this section shall be designed to raise suicide awareness, establish referral processes, and improve clinical care practice standards for treating suicide ideation, plans, and at-tempts among adults. (3) R
ECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an entity shall be a community-based primary care or behavioral health care setting, an emergency depart-ment, a State mental health agency, an In-dian tribe, a tribal organization, or any other entity the Assistant Secretary deems appropriate. (4) N
ATURE OF ACTIVITIES .—The grants awarded under paragraph (1) shall be used to implement programs that— (A) screen for suicide risk in adults and provide intervention and referral to treat-ment; (B) implement evidence-based practices to treat individuals who are at suicide risk, in-cluding appropriate followup services; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4315 July 6, 2016 
(C) raise awareness, reduce stigma, and fos-ter open dialogue about suicide prevention. (b) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—The Assistant Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the activities supported by grants awarded under subsection (a) in order to further the Nation’s understanding of ef-fective interventions to prevent suicide in adults; (2) disseminate the findings from the eval-uation as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate; and (3) provide appropriate information, train-ing, and technical assistance to eligible enti-ties that receive a grant under this section, in order to help such entities to meet the re-quirements of this section, including assist-ance with— (A) selection and implementation of evi-dence-based interventions and frameworks to prevent suicide, such as the Zero Suicide framework; and (B) other activities as the Assistant Sec-retary determines appropriate. (c) D
URATION .—A grant under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $30,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. (2) U
SE OF CERTAIN FUNDS .—Of the funds ap-propriated to carry out this section in any fiscal year, the lesser of 5 percent of such funds or $500,000 shall be available to the As-sistant Secretary for purposes of carrying out subsection (b). 
SEC. 720. CRISIS INTERVENTION GRANTS FOR PO-LICE OFFICERS AND FIRST RE-SPONDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use may award grants to entities such as law enforce-ment agencies and first responders— (1) to provide specialized training to law enforcement officers, corrections officers, paramedics, emergency medical services workers, and other first responders (includ-ing village public safety officers (as defined in section 247 of the Indian Arts and Crafts Amendments Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd note)))— (A) to recognize individuals who have men-tal illness and how to properly intervene with individuals with mental illness; and (B) to establish programs that enhance the ability of law enforcement agencies to ad-dress the mental health, behavioral, and sub-stance use problems of individuals encoun-tered in the line of duty; and (2) to establish collaborative law enforce-ment and mental health programs, including behavioral health response teams and mental health crisis intervention teams comprised of mental health professionals, law enforce-ment officers, and other first responders, as appropriate, to provide on-site, face-to-face, mental and behavioral health care services during a mental health crisis, and to connect the individual in crisis to appropriate com-munity-based treatment services in lieu of unnecessary hospitalization or further in-volvement with the criminal justice system. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $9,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2020. 
SEC. 721. DEMONSTRATION GRANT PROGRAM TO TRAIN HEALTH SERVICE PSYCHOLO-GISTS IN COMMUNITY-BASED MEN-TAL HEALTH. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall establish a grant program under which the Assistant Secretary of Mental Health and Substance Use Disorders may award grants to eligible institutions to support the recruitment, edu-cation, and clinical training experiences of health services psychology students, interns, and postdoctoral residents for education and clinical experience in community mental health settings. (b) ELIGIBLE INSTITUTIONS .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘eligible institu-tions’’ includes American Psychological As-sociation-accredited doctoral, internship, and postdoctoral residency schools or pro-grams in health service psychology that— (1) are focused on the development and im-plementation of interdisciplinary training of psychology graduate students and postdoctoral fellows in providing mental and behavioral health services to address sub-stance use disorders, serious emotional dis-turbance, and serious illness, as well as de-veloping faculty and implementing cur-riculum to prepare psychologists to work with underserved populations; and (2) demonstrate an ability to train health service psychologists in psychiatric hos-pitals, forensic hospitals, community mental health centers, community health centers, federally qualified health centers, or adult and juvenile correctional facilities. (c) P
RIORITIES .—In selecting grant recipi-ents under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible institutions in which training focuses on the needs of individuals with serious mental illness, serious emo-tional disturbance, justice-involved youth, and individuals with or at high risk for sub-stance use disorders. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $12,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. 
SEC. 722. INVESTMENT IN TOMORROW’S PEDI-ATRIC HEALTH CARE WORKFORCE. 
Section 775(e) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 295f(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $12,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2022.’’. 
SEC. 723. CUTGO COMPLIANCE. 
Section 319D(f) of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–4(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘$138,300,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$138,300,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2016 and $58,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018’’. TITLE VIII—MENTAL HEALTH PARITY 
SEC. 801. ENHANCED COMPLIANCE WITH MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DIS-ORDER COVERAGE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) C OMPLIANCE PROGRAM GUIDANCE DOCU-
MENT .—Section 2726(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–26(a)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) C
OMPLIANCE PROGRAM GUIDANCE DOCU -
MENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016, the Secretary, the Secretary of Labor, and the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, shall issue a compliance program guid-ance document to help improve compliance with this section, section 712 of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as applicable. ‘‘(B) E
XAMPLES ILLUSTRATING COMPLIANCE  
AND NONCOMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The compliance program guidance document required under this para-graph shall provide illustrative, de-identified examples (that do not disclose any protected health information or individually identifi-able information) of previous findings of compliance and noncompliance with this sec-tion, section 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as ap-plicable, based on investigations of viola-tions of such sections, including— ‘‘(I) examples illustrating requirements for information disclosures and nonquantitative treatment limitations; and ‘‘(II) descriptions of the violations uncov-ered during the course of such investiga-tions. ‘‘(ii) NONQUANTITATIVE TREATMENT LIMITA -
TIONS .—To the extent that any example de-scribed in clause (i) involves a finding of compliance or noncompliance with regard to any requirement for nonquantitative treat-ment limitations, the example shall provide sufficient detail to fully explain such find-ing, including a full description of the cri-teria involved for medical and surgical bene-fits and the criteria involved for mental health and substance use disorder benefits. ‘‘(iii) A
CCESS TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
REGARDING COMPLIANCE .—In developing and issuing the compliance program guidance document required under this paragraph, the Secretaries specified in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(I) shall enter into interagency agree-ments with the Inspector General of the De-partment of Health and Human Services, the Inspector General of the Department of Labor, and the Inspector General of the De-partment of the Treasury to share findings of compliance and noncompliance with this section, section 712 of the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as applicable; and ‘‘(II) shall seek to enter into an agreement with a State to share information on find-ings of compliance and noncompliance with this section, section 712 of the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974, or sec-tion 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as applicable. ‘‘(C) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The compliance program guidance document shall include recommendations to comply with this sec-tion, section 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as ap-plicable, and encourage the development and use of internal controls to monitor adher-ence to applicable statutes, regulations, and program requirements. Such internal con-trols may include a compliance checklist with illustrative examples of nonquantita-tive treatment limitations on mental health and substance use disorder benefits, which may fail to comply with this section, section 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Se-curity Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as applicable, in relation to nonquantitative treatment limi-tations on medical and surgical benefits. ‘‘(D) U
PDATING THE COMPLIANCE PROGRAM  
GUIDANCE DOCUMENT .—The compliance pro-gram guidance document shall be updated every 2 years to include illustrative, de-iden-tified examples (that do not disclose any pro-tected health information or individually identifiable information) of previous findings of compliance and noncompliance with this section, section 712 of the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as applicable.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL GUIDANCE .—Section 2726(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–26(a)), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) A
DDITIONAL GUIDANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4316 July 6, 2016 
the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Labor and the Secretary of the Treasury, shall issue guidance to group health plans and health insurance issuers of-fering group or individual health insurance coverage to assist such plans and issuers in satisfying the requirements of this section, section 712 of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as appli-cable,. ‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(i) G
UIDANCE FOR PLANS AND ISSUERS .— The guidance issued under this paragraph shall include clarifying information and il-lustrative examples of methods that group health plans and health insurance issuers of-fering group or individual health insurance coverage may use for disclosing information to ensure compliance with the requirements under this section, section 712 of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as applicable, (and any regula-tions promulgated pursuant to such sections, as applicable). ‘‘(ii) D
OCUMENTS FOR PARTICIPANTS , BENE -
FICIARIES , CONTRACTING PROVIDERS , OR AU -
THORIZED REPRESENTATIVES .—The guidance issued under this paragraph shall include clarifying information and illustrative ex-amples of methods that group health plans and health insurance issuers offering group or individual health insurance coverage may use to provide any participant, beneficiary, contracting provider, or authorized rep-resentative, as applicable, with documents containing information that the health plans or issuers are required to disclose to partici-pants, beneficiaries, contracting providers, or authorized representatives to ensure com-pliance with this section, section 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, as applicable; any regula-tion issued pursuant to such respective sec-tion, or any other applicable law or regula-tion, including information that is compara-tive in nature with respect to— ‘‘(I) nonquantitative treatment limitations for both medical and surgical benefits and mental health and substance use disorder benefits; ‘‘(II) the processes, strategies, evidentiary standards, and other factors used to apply the limitations described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(III) the application of the limitations de-scribed in subclause (I) to ensure that such limitations are applied in parity with re-spect to both medical and surgical benefits and mental health and substance use dis-order benefits. ‘‘(C) N
ONQUANTITATIVE TREATMENT LIMITA -
TIONS .—The guidance issued under this para-graph shall include clarifying information and illustrative examples of methods, proc-esses, strategies, evidentiary standards, and other factors that group health plans and health insurance issuers offering group or in-dividual health insurance coverage may use regarding the development and application of nonquantitative treatment limitations to ensure compliance with this section, section 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Se-curity Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as applicable, (and any regulations promulgated pursuant to such respective section), including— ‘‘(i) examples of methods of determining appropriate types of nonquantitative treat-ment limitations with respect to both med-ical and surgical benefits and mental health and substance use disorder benefits, includ-ing nonquantitative treatment limitations pertaining to— ‘‘(I) medical management standards based on medical necessity or appropriateness, or whether a treatment is experimental or in-vestigative; ‘‘(II) limitations with respect to prescrip-tion drug formulary design; and ‘‘(III) use of fail-first or step therapy proto-cols; ‘‘(ii) examples of methods of determining— ‘‘(I) network admission standards (such as credentialing); and ‘‘(II) factors used in provider reimburse-ment methodologies (such as service type, geographic market, demand for services, and provider supply, practice size, training, expe-rience, and licensure) as such factors apply to network adequacy; ‘‘(iii) examples of sources of information that may serve as evidentiary standards for the purposes of making determinations re-garding the development and application of nonquantitative treatment limitations; ‘‘(iv) examples of specific factors, and the evidentiary standards used to evaluate such factors, used by such plans or issuers in per-forming a nonquantitative treatment limita-tion analysis; ‘‘(v) examples of how specific evidentiary standards may be used to determine whether treatments are considered experimental or investigative; ‘‘(vi) examples of how specific evidentiary standards may be applied to each service cat-egory or classification of benefits; ‘‘(vii) examples of methods of reaching ap-propriate coverage determinations for new mental health or substance use disorder treatments, such as evidence-based early intervention programs for individuals with a serious mental illness and types of medical management techniques; ‘‘(viii) examples of methods of reaching ap-propriate coverage determinations for which there is an indirect relationship between the covered mental health or substance use dis-order benefit and a traditional covered med-ical and surgical benefit, such as residential treatment or hospitalizations involving vol-untary or involuntary commitment; and ‘‘(ix) additional illustrative examples of methods, processes, strategies, evidentiary standards, and other factors for which the Secretary determines that additional guid-ance is necessary to improve compliance with this section, section 712 of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as applicable. ‘‘(D) PUBLIC COMMENT .—Prior to issuing any final guidance under this paragraph, the Secretary shall provide a public comment period of not less than 60 days during which any member of the public may provide com-ments on a draft of the guidance.’’. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF PLANINFORMATION .— (1) PHSA 
AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (4) of section 2726(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–26(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF PLAN INFORMATION .— The criteria for medical necessity deter-minations made under the plan or health in-surance coverage with respect to mental health or substance use disorder benefits or medical or surgical benefits, the reason for denial of any such benefits, and any other in-formation appropriate to demonstrate com-pliance under this section (including any such medical and surgical information) shall be made available by the plan administrator (or the health insurance issuer offering such coverage) in accordance with applicable reg-ulations to the current or potential partici-pant, beneficiary, or contracting provider in-volved upon request. The Secretary may pro-mulgate any such regulations, including in-terim final regulations or temporary regula-tions, as may be appropriate to carry out this paragraph.’’. (2) ERISA AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (4) of section 712(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1185a(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF PLAN INFORMATION .— The criteria for medical necessity deter-minations made under the plan with respect to mental health or substance use disorder benefits or medical or surgical benefits (or the health insurance coverage offered in con-nection with the plan with respect to such benefits), the reason for denial of any such benefits, and any other information appro-priate to demonstrate compliance under this section (including any such medical and sur-gical information) shall be made available by the plan administrator (or the health insur-ance issuer offering such coverage) in ac-cordance with applicable regulations to the current or potential participant, beneficiary, or contracting provider involved upon re-quest. The Secretary may promulgate any such regulations, including interim final reg-ulations or temporary regulations, as may be appropriate to carry out this paragraph.’’. (3) IRC 
AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (4) of sec-tion 9812(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF PLAN INFORMATION .— The criteria for medical necessity deter-minations made under the plan with respect to mental health or substance use disorder benefits or medical or surgical benefits, the reason for denial of any such benefits, and any other information appropriate to dem-onstrate compliance under this section (in-cluding any such medical and surgical infor-mation) shall be made available by the plan administrator in accordance with applicable regulations to the current or potential par-ticipant, beneficiary, or contracting provider involved upon request. The Secretary may promulgate any such regulations, including interim final regulations or temporary regu-lations, as may be appropriate to carry out this paragraph.’’. (d) I
MPROVING COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case that the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Labor, or the Secretary of the Treasury determines that a group health plan or health insurance issuer offering group or individual health insurance cov-erage has violated, at least 5 times, section 2726 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–26), section 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1185a), or section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, respectively, the ap-propriate Secretary shall audit plan docu-ments for such health plan or issuer in the plan year following the Secretary’s deter-mination in order to help improve compli-ance with such section. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Labor, or the Secretary of the Treasury to audit documents of health plans or health insurance issuers. 
SEC. 802. ACTION PLAN FOR ENHANCED EN-FORCEMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER COVERAGE. 
(a) P UBLIC MEETING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall convene a public meeting of stake-holders described in paragraph (2) to produce an action plan for improved Federal and State coordination related to the enforce-ment of section 2726 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–26), section 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Secu-rity Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1185a), and section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4317 July 6, 2016 
9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and any comparable provisions of State law (in this section collectively referred to as ‘‘men-tal health parity and addiction equity re-quirements’’). (2) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—The stakeholders de-scribed in this paragraph shall include each of the following: (A) The Federal Government, including representatives from— (i) the Department of Health and Human Services; (ii) the Department of the Treasury; (iii) the Department of Labor; and (iv) the Department of Justice. (B) State governments, including— (i) State health insurance commissioners; (ii) appropriate State agencies, including agencies on public health or mental health; and (iii) State attorneys general or other rep-resentatives of State entities involved in the enforcement of mental health parity and ad-diction equity requirements. (C) Representatives from key stakeholder groups, including— (i) the National Association of Insurance Commissioners; (ii) health insurance providers; (iii) providers of mental health and sub-stance use disorder treatment; (iv) employers; and (v) patients or their advocates. (b) A
CTION PLAN.—Not later than 6 months after the conclusion of the public meeting under subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall finalize the action plan described in such subsection and make it plainly available on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services. (c) C
ONTENT .—The action plan under this section shall— (1) reflect the input of the stakeholders participating in the public meeting under subsection (a); (2) identify specific strategic objectives re-garding how the various Federal and State agencies charged with enforcement of men-tal health parity and addiction equity re-quirements will collaborate to improve en-forcement of such requirements; (3) provide a timeline for implementing the action plan; and (4) provide specific examples of how such objectives may be met, which may include— (A) providing common educational infor-mation and documents to patients about their rights under mental health parity and addiction equity requirements; (B) facilitating the centralized collection of, monitoring of, and response to patient complaints or inquiries relating to mental health parity and addiction equity require-ments, which may be through the develop-ment and administration of a single, toll- free telephone number and an Internet website portal; (C) Federal and State law enforcement agencies entering into memoranda of under-standing to better coordinate enforcement responsibilities and information sharing, in-cluding whether such agencies should make the results of enforcement actions related to mental health parity and addiction equity requirements publicly available; and (D) recommendations to the Congress re-garding the need for additional legal author-ity to improve enforcement of mental health parity and addiction equity requirements, including the need for additional legal au-thority to ensure that nonquantitative treatment limitations are applied, and the extent and frequency of the applications of such limitations, both to medical and sur-gical benefits and to mental health and sub-stance use disorder benefits in a comparable manner. SEC. 803. REPORT ON INVESTIGATIONS REGARD-ING PARITY IN MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the subsequent 5 years, the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, in collabora-tion with the Assistant Secretary of Labor of the Employee Benefits Security Administra-tion and the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report summarizing the results of all closed Federal investigations completed during the pre-ceding 12-month period with findings of any serious violation regarding compliance with mental health and substance use disorder coverage requirements under section 2726 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–26), section 712 of the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1185a), and section 9812 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Subject to subsection (c), a report under subsection (a) shall, with re-spect to investigations described in such sub-section, include each of the following: (1) The number of closed Federal investiga-tions conducted during the covered reporting period. (2) Each benefit classification examined by any such investigation conducted during the covered reporting period. (3) Each subject matter, including compli-ance with requirements for quantitative and nonquantitative treatment limitations, of any such investigation conducted during the covered reporting period. (4) A summary of the basis of the final de-cision rendered for each closed investigation conducted during the covered reporting pe-riod that resulted in a finding of a serious violation. (c) L
IMITATION .—Any individually identifi-able information shall be excluded from re-ports under subsection (a) consistent with protections under the health privacy and se-curity rules promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Ac-countability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note). 
SEC. 804. GAO STUDY ON PARITY IN MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DIS-ORDER BENEFITS. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Labor, and the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report detailing the extent to which group health plans or health insurance issuers offering group or individual health insurance coverage that provides both med-ical and surgical benefits and mental health or substance use disorder benefits, medicaid managed care organizations with a contract under section 1903(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(m)), and health plans provided under the State Children’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa et seq.) comply with section 2726 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–26), sec-tion 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1185a), and section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, including— (1) how nonquantitative treatment limita-tions, including medical necessity criteria, of such plans or issuers comply with such sections; (2) how the responsible Federal depart-ments and agencies ensure that such plans or issuers comply with such sections, including an assessment of how the Secretary of Health and Human Services has used its au-thority to conduct audits of such plans to en-sure compliance; (3) a review of how the various Federal and State agencies responsible for enforcing mental health parity requirements have im-proved enforcement of such requirements in accordance with the objectives and timeline described in the action plan under section 802; and (4) recommendations for how additional enforcement, education, and coordination activities by responsible Federal and State departments and agencies could better en-sure compliance with such sections, includ-ing recommendations regarding the need for additional legal authority. SEC. 805. INFORMATION AND AWARENESS ON EATING DISORDERS. 
(a) I NFORMATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may— (1) update information, related fact sheets, and resource lists related to eating disorders that are available on the public Internet website of the National Women’s Health In-formation Center sponsored by the Office on Women’s Health, to include— (A) updated findings and current research related to eating disorders, as appropriate; and (B) information about eating disorders, in-cluding information related to males and fe-males; (2) incorporate, as appropriate, and in co-ordination with the Secretary of Education, information from publicly available re-sources into appropriate obesity prevention programs developed by the Office on Wom-en’s Health; and (3) make publicly available (through a pub-lic Internet website or other method) infor-mation, related fact sheets and resource lists, as updated under paragraph (1), and the information incorporated into appropriate obesity prevention programs, as updated under paragraph (2). (b) A
WARENESS .—The Secretary may ad-vance public awareness on— (1) the types of eating disorders; (2) the seriousness of eating disorders, in-cluding prevalence, comorbidities, and phys-ical and mental health consequences; (3) methods to identify, intervene, refer for treatment, and prevent behaviors that may lead to the development of eating disorders; (4) discrimination and bullying based on body size; (5) the effects of media on self-esteem and body image; and (6) the signs and symptoms of eating dis-orders. 
SEC. 806. EDUCATION AND TRAINING ON EATING DISORDERS. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices may facilitate the identification of pro-grams to educate and train health profes-sionals and school personnel in effective strategies to— (1) identify individuals with eating dis-orders; (2) provide early intervention services for individuals with eating disorders; (3) refer patients with eating disorders for appropriate treatment; (4) prevent the development of eating dis-orders; or (5) provide appropriate treatment services for individuals with eating disorders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4318 July 6, 2016 
SEC. 807. GAO STUDY ON PREVENTING DISCRIMI-NATORY COVERAGE LIMITATIONS FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH SERIOUS MENTAL ILLNESS AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to Congress and make publicly available a re-port detailing Federal oversight of group health plans and health insurance coverage offered in the individual or group market (as such terms are defined in section 2791 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg– 91)), including Medicaid managed care plans under section 1903 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b), to ensure compliance of such plans and coverage with sections 2726 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–26), 712 of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1185a), and 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (in this section collectively referred to as the ‘‘parity law’’), including— (1) a description of how Federal regulations and guidance consider nonquantitative treat-ment limitations, including medical neces-sity criteria and application of such criteria to medical, surgical, and primary care, of such plans and coverage in ensuring compli-ance by such plans and coverage with the parity law; (2) a description of actions that Federal de-partments and agencies are taking to ensure that such plans and coverage comply with the parity law; and (3) the identification of enforcement, edu-cation, and coordination activities within Federal departments and agencies, including educational activities directed to State in-surance commissioners, and a description of how such proper activities can be used to en-sure full compliance with the parity law. 
SEC. 808. CLARIFICATION OF EXISTING PARITY RULES. 
If a group health plan or a health insur-ance issuer offering group or individual health insurance coverage provides coverage for eating disorder benefits, including resi-dential treatment, such group health plan or health insurance issuer shall provide such benefits consistent with the requirements of section 2726 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–26), section 712 of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1185a), and section 9812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our mental health sys-tem in this country is a failure. This is one of those times where we are not gathered for a moment of silence, but a time of action. We are here finally to speak up for the last, the lost, the least, and the lonely, that is those who suffer from mental illness which is un-treated. Mental illness affects one in five Americans. About 10 million Ameri-cans have serious mental illness. About 4 million of those go without any treat-ment. There are 100,000 new cases each year. Half of psychosis cases emerge by age 14, 75 percent by age 24. We have a need for 30,000 child psychiatrists. We only have 9,000. We have great short-ages of psychologists. The time between the emergence of the first symptoms of serious mental illness and the first appointment is about 80 weeks. We need about 100,000 hospital beds in this country, but we only have 40,000 for psychiatric crises. A person is 10 times more likely, there-fore, to be in jail than in a hospital if they are mentally ill. And these statistics, too: 43,000 sui-cides last year, 47,000 drug overdose deaths, 1,000 homicides, 250 mentally ill violently killed in a police encounter where they attacked a policeman. We have hundreds of thousands of home-less and mentally ill who die the slow- motion death of chronic illness, and that comes to more than the number who die of breast cancer, perhaps 350,000 or more a year. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, a bipartisan bill with over 205 cosponsors, which came out of the Committee on Energy and Commerce with a unanimous vote, fixes this. It allows parents and care-givers to help with care. It increases the number of crisis mental health beds. It drives evidence-based care. It builds on existing mental health and substance abuse parity laws. It brings accountability to Federal grant pro-grams, which two GAO reports say were disastrous. It focuses on innova-tion and reaches underserved and rural populations, expands the mental health workforce, advances early intervention and prevention programs, develops al-ternatives to institutionalization, fo-cuses on suicide prevention, increases program coordination across the 112 Federal programs and agencies, re-forms protection and advocacy, pro-vides training grants to train police of-ficers and first responders, and saves the Federal Government money. It is wide ranging, it is impactful, and it is something that we are going to have to pass today if we really, truly want to make a difference. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act. Today’s mental health system can hardly be described as a system at all. While some States are undertaking promising improvements, the system is fragmented, overwhelmed, and underresourced. Far too many people with mental illnesses can’t get the treatment they need to live long, healthy, and productive lives, so I am pleased that this bill takes an impor-tant step toward improving mental health care in this country. The bill under consideration today, Mr. Speaker, is a significant improve-ment over the original version intro-duced a year ago. It is no secret that many of us had substantial concerns with some of the provisions in the original text of the bill, and I am sure that my fellow Members of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce re-member the extensive debate we had on this bill during our subcommittee markup last November. Since that time, we have found com-mon ground. We removed many provi-sions that would have done more harm than good, in my opinion, and replaced them with policies that strengthen the bill. I am proud that H.R. 2646 now in-cludes several policies championed by Democrats. The bill requires that States provide the full range of early and periodic screening, diagnostic, and treatment— EPSDT—services to children in the Medicaid program who receive inpa-tient psychiatric care at so-called in-stitutions of mental disease. It creates a new assertive community treatment grant program and a peer professional workforce grant program. The legisla-tion also creates new grant programs to address adult suicide, expands access to community crisis response services, and creates and disseminates model HIPAA training programs. A great deal of work went into crafting this agreement, and I want to thank my Republican colleagues for continuing to meet with us throughout this process so that we could bring a bipartisan product to the floor. That said, the bill before us today is not transformative reform nor is it a panacea to the many problems now fac-ing our mental health system. I en-courage my colleagues to see this legis-lation as a necessary step rather than a solution, and I want to be very clear on this point. If we are truly serious about fixing our broken mental health sys-tem, we have to expand access and make sustained investment, and that means we must work to encourage all States to expand Medicaid and provide more Federal resources to support the growth of community-based preven-tion, treatment, and recovery services. This legislation is not comprehen-sive. It by no means contains enough funding to make the mental health sys-tem whole. I hope that, in the near fu-ture, we can work together again on additional legislation to increase treat-ment options and further strengthen mental health parity enforcement. I once again want to thank my col-leagues who stood with me throughout this long process, fiercely voicing their concerns and advocating for major im-provements to the bill. I want to thank Chairman U
PTON for his leadership, and the bill’s sponsors, Representatives T
IM M
URPHY and E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , for championing this issue for so many years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.005 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4319 July 6, 2016 
I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan bill, and I look forward to the Senate’s action on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, who has been sup-porting this from the onset. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, today marks a very important moment in the long and tortuous road to reform a mental health system that is broken and must be fixed. I joined the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. M
URPHY ), a psychologist and my friend and colleague, and our former colleague, now U.S. Senator from Louisiana, Dr. B
ILLCASSIDY , in a conference room in the basement of the U.S. Capitol in December 2013, where the three of us stood together and called on Congress to address a mental healthcare system in crisis, a system where millions of Americans suffer every year and are all too often pushed into the shadows by archaic regula-tions and an outdated Federal bureauc-racy. 2
1⁄2years later, I am proud that the House stands poised today to pass the most significant reform to our Na-tion’s mental health programs in dec-ades. This bill includes provisions I have championed to help provide early de-tection of eating disorders and improve access to treatment coverage. This is an historic achievement, as it marks the first time Congress has addressed eating disorders specifically through legislation. I thank Subcommittee Chairman M
URPHY , Chairman U PTON , and the en-tire Committee on Energy and Com-merce for working together to pass this landmark mental healthcare reform bill and move us one step closer to pro-viding millions of Americans and their families a chance at treatment before tragedy strikes. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee. b1400 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2646, legislation to improve our mental health system. This bill is a positive step forward. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their work to im-prove access, prevention, and treat-ment for those with mental and behav-ioral conditions. We worked exten-sively and collaboratively to craft the legislation. I want to particularly thank Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman U
PTON ; Ranking Member P ALLONE ; Representatives K
ENNEDY , M ATSUI , L
OEBSACK , TONKO , and D EGETTE for their contributions; and Congressman T
IMMURPHY for elevating the con-versation about mental health. H.R. 2646 includes new grant pro-grams that expand access to critical mental health services, such as com-munity crisis response systems and adult suicide prevention. It provides new tools to improve compliance with mental health parity, HIPAA training programs for patients and providers to better understand their protections and rights, and a peer professional workforce development grant. I am pleased that this legislation ex-tends the Federal Tort Claims Act to help professional volunteers at commu-nity health centers. It also affords the full range of Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic, and Treatment services to Medicaid children who re-ceive care in Institutes of Mental Dis-eases. While not comprehensive and lacking key resources, today’s vote marks a significant step forward to strength-ening our Nation’s mental health sys-tem. Again, I want to thank my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee and their staffs, and I urge Members to vote in favor of this legis-lation. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ) the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for yielding, but especially for taking the lead on this issue. Mr. Speaker, it has been decades since Congress has reformed our men-tal health laws. Unfortunately, we have seen so many negative aspects since then. Suicide rates are through the roof. There are so many other prob-lems throughout our country. It has touched every community in this Na-tion. We see a growing problem with mental health. This bill really refocuses efforts, but it also puts a different priority on Fed-eral grants and Federal agencies to force them to do a better job of ad-dressing these problems. It also helps families to get more involved in the mental health problems that their own children face. Right now, some Federal laws make it harder for parents to help their own children. These kinds of seri-ous problems have been complicated to work through. Mr. Speaker, when you look at the fact that it has been decades, there is a reason why. This is hard work. It is complicated work. This bill has been at least 3 years in the making, and so it is very important that we bring this bill to the floor today and pass it over to the Senate. This is not only reform that can pass the House, but reform that actually get signed by the Presi-dent and make a real difference and impact in improving people’s lives. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
ATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. For far too long, those with mental illness have been left in the shadows, and mental health prevention and treatment have been left out of our health systems. The mental health crisis in this country is very personal to me, and I have been fighting for patients and their loved ones for many years. I be-lieve there is a lot we can do better to stop or slow down the hurt and pain that patients and families feel when mental health is left unaddressed. The bill before us today is a good bill. It is a first step toward mental health reform, offering policies that help move us in the direction of better par-ity between mental and physical ill-ness, a stronger workforce trained to address mental illness, and promotion of evidence-based services and sup-ports. Especially important to me are the provisions that will help clarify when and how providers are able to share in-formation with families and caregivers in order to better serve the patients in times of need. There is more left to be done, more to do, and our reform efforts will not be complete or comprehensive until we make real investments in our mental health system. I will continue working for the comprehensive mental health reforms that our families need and de-serve. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), chairman of the full committee and who we owe a great debt of gratitude for moving forward this bill. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, today marks an important milestone in the multiyear, multi-Congress effort to de-liver meaningful reforms to the Na-tion’s mental health system. Last month, the Energy and Com-merce Committee passed this bill 53–0 in committee. It has been bipartisan. We know that this is an issue that im-pacts every community and so many families in one way or another. We con-tinue to hear tales of great loss where intervention was lacking or non-existent. So we got to work. We spent hundreds and hundreds of hours—I am not kidding—in staff work and work by Members. For way too long, mental health was a subject that was left in the shadows. Thankfully, that is no longer the case. Today we have developed a thoughtful solution. Throughout the process, we have achieved many important re-forms. Today we build upon that mo-mentum. Our current system of siloed grants, prevention, and treatment simply doesn’t work the way it should. This bill changes that with real reforms to provide SAMHSA new tools, under the leadership of a new Assistant Sec-retary, and we have done it the way that we should. This bipartisan bill will save lives, aid families, and provide comfort and relief to those who are struggling. Mr. Speaker, today marks an important milestone in the multi-year, multi-Congress ef-fort to deliver meaningful reforms to the na-tion’s mental health system. Last month, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.037 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4320 July 6, 2016 
Energy and Commerce Committee unani-mously approved H.R. 2646 by a vote of 53 to zero to help families in mental health crisis. This is an issue that impacts every commu-nity, and so many families, in one way or an-other. We continue to hear tales of great loss where intervention was lacking or nonexistent. But you know what? Congressman Tim M
URPHY got to work. For way too long, mental health was a subject left for the shadows. Thankfully, that’s no longer the case. Today, we have developed a thoughtful legislative so-lution. Throughout this process, we have achieved important reforms and today we build upon that momentum. Our current system of siloed grants, preven-tion, and treatment simply does not work as well as it should. The ‘‘Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act’’ includes new re-forms to make sure the federal government is leveraging their dollars with investments in evi-dence-based programs. The bill includes re-forms to provide SAMHSA new tools, under the leadership of an Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, to do its job better. Thoughtful legislating takes time and dedi-cation. This Congress we have seen multi- year landmark committee efforts finally make it across the finish line in SGR reform, pipeline safety and chemical safety reforms, which were both signed into law late last month. 21st Century Cures has taken years, and we con-tinue to make progress. And I am hopeful these mental health reforms that we have long pursued are on the same path to being signed into law, building upon our proud bipartisan record of success. This bipartisan bill will save lives, aid fami-lies, and provide comfort and relief to those struggling. This strong bill is something that both Republicans and Democrats can be proud of. I thank Dr. M
URPHY , Health Sub-committee Chairman P
ITTS, full committee Ranking Member F
RANK PALLONE and the staff, who worked hundreds of hours to bring us to where we are today. This bill will truly make a real difference and deliver meaningful reforms to families in men-tal health crisis all across America. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. While this bill is not perfect and necessarily rep-resents a compromise from all sides, it is a good first step in making the im-provement to our Nation’s mental health system. It has been a long road to get here, and the passionate debate we have had has only served to strengthen the bill and produce legisla-tion that we can all support. In particular, I would like to high-light section 502, which is based on my Coordinating Crisis Care Act, which I sponsored. This provision would au-thorize a new grant program at SAMHSA to fund the development of real-time bed registry systems that will help get individuals in crisis the appropriate care they need in a timely fashion. By ensuring better coordina-tion of crisis care systems, we can save lives and support individuals and fami-lies in their time of need. Looking forward, Congress needs to do more to heal a broken mental health system. We should pass addi-tional legislation that would ensure vigorous enforcement of our mental health parity laws and to strengthen mental health and substance use cov-erage for Medicaid and Medicare bene-ficiaries. That is ultimately the key to quality performance here for the men-tal health community. Finally, we have to acknowledge that the current dysfunction in our mental health systems stems, in part, from decades of broken promises and a chronic underinvestment in commu-nity-based mental health services that simply cannot be solved by one single bill like this. We must do better, and I stand ready to help in that fight. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ). Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of Representative M
UR-
PHY’s Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Ten million Americans suffer from serious mental illness, Mr. Speaker. If they get care, they are 16 times less likely to harm themselves or others. Right now, too many patients fall through the cracks. At a recent roundtable in Medford, Oregon, and on a tele-townhall I just completed, I heard from parents about their children who experienced home-lessness and violence due to their ill-ness, from caregivers about the dif-ficulty of getting timely care, and from law enforcement about how the default place for the mentally ill is often a jail. The consensus among all of them was that the healthcare system, the gov-ernment, and society are failing those who need help the most. They over-whelmingly support the provisions in this legislation. We can improve treatment, we can and do boost resources, and we will get care to people in need, especially in our rural communities. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member P
ALLONE , Chairman U
PTON , and Congressman M
URPHY for, once again, the bipartisan leadership that has guided this bill through our committee and onto the floor. Mr. Speaker, you cannot listen to the constant stories from patients and families who have been denied access to mental health care and believe that there are not tragic gaps in our mental health system. This bill is a bipartisan, incremental step forward in our efforts to address those gaps. I am especially pleased by the inclu-sion of my bill to remove the discrimi-natory barrier to care for children in certain inpatient psychiatric facilities, yet we have to acknowledge that, un-less this is just the first step, we have failed to fix a broken system. Unless we increase Medicaid reimbursements rates, providers will still be forced to turn away our most vulnerable patient populations. Unless we inspire and en-courage a new generation to pursue ca-reers as psychologists, psychiatrists, and social workers, there will still be a shortage of professionals to care for our patients. Unless we can guarantee parity, insurance companies will con-tinue to construct barriers to care, leaving patients without access to the mental health system no matter how strong that system may be. And that is where our eyes should be focused tomorrow after this bill is passed. Whether in conference or in our fu-ture committee hearings, we cannot accept this bill as a full, comprehen-sive fix to a fully broken system. If we do, patients suffering from mental ill-ness will continue to fall through the same gaps that exist today. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2646, the Help-ing Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, of which I am a cosponsor. I want to thank Chairman M
URPHY  for the extensive amount of time and attention he has put into addressing mental health and substance abuse dis-orders. He even joined me in my dis-trict to hear directly from my con-stituents about this particular bill. I thank Chairman M
URPHY again for that. We discussed the struggles that indi-viduals with mental illness face and how Congress can best address the need of those we serve. With their input, we worked to address every aspect of this overall problem. This legislation will help countless individuals and families in my district in Florida and in communities across our country. I urge my colleagues to support this great piece of legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), the Democratic sponsor of the bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. As the original Democratic cosponsor of this piece of legislation and the one that preceded it, I am proud to see it come to the floor today. H.R. 2646 is a demonstration of more than 3 years of collaboration between not only myself and Congressman T
IM M
URPHY , but the many other Members and organizations that came to the table to offer feedback, suggestions, and, at times, criticism. At no time did Congressman M
URPHY turn anyone’s input down. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.006 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4321 July 6, 2016 
The end result is a bill that remains focused on enabling the most severely and mentally ill to access the treat-ment they desperately deserve, while allowing their families and caregivers to help them along the way. This piece of legislation contains sev-eral necessary provisions, including the establishment of an Assistant Sec-retary for Mental Health and Sub-stance Use Disorder, easing our Na-tion’s chronic shortage of psychiatric beds, requiring the Secretary of Health and Human Services to clarify con-fusing HIPAA rules surrounding men-tal health patients, and increasing grant programs with results proven to help individuals with serious mental health illness gain access to treatment like Assisted Outpatient Treatment and Assertive Community Treatment. As two of the few mental health pro-viders serving in Congress—another over here to my left, Dr. M
CDERMOTT , a psychiatrist—Congressman M
URPHY  and I have always been focused on the needs of the severely mentally ill. Many that we read about daily in our many cities across the Nation end up in jail or prison. b1415 While the homeless and prison popu-lation are particularly vulnerable to mental illness, these are the individ-uals that get the least amount of at-tention and access to mental health services. Through our work, we have a deep understanding of patient need, and this need is not being met. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Unfortunately, we have found that many of our fellow Members lack the understanding of patients in crisis, making this process more difficult. I am hopeful, however, that this bill will be a framework to help us move the needle forward on mental health treatment in America. I would like to thank Congressman M
URPHY for his steadfast commitment to mental health. I would also like to thank the chairman, F
REDUPTON , and our ranking member, Mr. P
ALLONE , for their hard work on this measure. While we still have a long ways to go, this is certainly a step forward. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have re-maining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 12
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from In-diana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), who has been a real champion of this bill. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, 1 in 4 adults, a total of 61.5 million Americans, will experience mental ill-ness within a given year. The numbers alone don’t tell the stories behind the deeply personal pain that this disease inflicts on our friends, neighbors, and, most importantly, their families. Today, I am proud to stand with the gentleman from Pennsylvania in sup-port of this strong bipartisan bill. He has truly championed the first major mental health reform in this country in 50 years. Right now, our healthcare system does not allow families of those suf-fering from mental illness to become partners in their health care, and this bill ensures that adult patients strug-gling with mental illness will receive the healthcare treatment they need, while allowing their families to become close partners in their care. It expands the mental health workforce and in-creases the number of psychiatric hos-pital beds for those experiencing an acute mental health crisis. This legislation is a significant, im-portant step toward comprehensive, community-based care that will work better for people and, most impor-tantly, their families. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New Jersey has 81⁄2min-utes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Helping Fami-lies in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646, and wish to thank Chairman U
PTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , and the two driving sponsors of this meas-ure, Congressman T
IMMURPHY and Congresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON, who have adeptly navigated this bill through very choppy legislative waters. The bill takes head-on one of the most compelling and unaddressed health challenges of our society: the suffering, the anguish, the travails, the plight of the seriously mentally ill. The bill will empower parents and caregivers, drive innovation, advance early-intervention and prevention pro-grams, and offer alternatives to insti-tutionalization, and provide the first step in a long time to show respect and real treatment alternatives to Ameri-cans living with mental illness. It is no secret our prisons have be-come the domiciles for the mentally ill. This bill rings out: ‘‘No more, no more.’’ Sadly, psychiatric care has become the responsibility of our prison system. Three of the largest mental health ‘‘hospitals’’ in our country are incar-ceration facilities. Speak to any local sheriff. They will tell you their jails are overcrowded with the mentally ill. What too often happens is that the ill person in an adult incarceration facil-ity actually began their journey in a child correction facility, and as they matured, essentially, graduated to the adult facility without their underlying mental illness being properly diag-nosed, much less treated. What an in-dictment of our Nation, not just our health and corrections system, this is, but our entire country. Today’s bill calls for a complete overhaul of the current mental health system. It has been needed since the de-institutionalization that sent mil-lions, some to their death when they were sent to the streets. I want to congratulate, as I conclude, Representatives MURPHY and J OHNSON  for bringing this bill to the floor and addressing a crying human need for too long ignored in our country. They are doing something noble for the Nation. The severely mentally ill must be hu-manely treated. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS), the chairman of the Health Sub-committee of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. M
URPHY for his leadership and his per-sistence in getting this historic legisla-tion to the floor. When a person struggles with mental illness, he or she may lose her job, her friends, even her family, which can make the mental illness worse. And help for this person may be available, but she may not be able to navigate available resources alone or drive to her doctor’s appointments regularly without help. Therefore, organizations providing mental health assistance must not only provide resources, they must make sure they actually connect peo-ple with people in need. When the Federal Government dis-tributes mental health funding, it needs to go to programs that are doing this, and Congressman M
URPHY ’s bill is a step in the right direction. His bill will increase accountability so that we can better understand how Federal mental health and substance abuse treatment funds are used in each State. It would summarize best practice mod-els in the States and do many other things, and this way we can highlight mental health programs that are most effective. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), the chairman of the Ways and Means Health Sub-committee. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to say congratulations to Congressman M
URPHY . His persistence brought this bill to the floor, and it is important that this issue be discussed. We are all going to vote for this bill. It will go out of here unanimously. We are all going to vote for it. But it is a hollow promise if there is not some money in it. Now, I was in my training in Chi-cago, in 1964, when the first mental health money came from the Federal Government to Chicago, and it went all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4322 July 6, 2016 
over the country. And if the Federal Government doesn’t put money into this program that we are outlining in this very carefully constructed bill, we will be sending out a blank check. There will be nothing. It won’t be worth anything. To think that State legislatures or somebody is going to find the money somewhere is simply not real. Now, this morning, Mr. P
ALLONE and I sat on a conference committee on opioids. We are doing the same thing there. We know there is addiction, we know there are all kinds of problems all over the place, and we are passing a wonderful bill out with some nice words in it, but no money. And if you are not willing to put some money into a program like this, you are simply consigning the mental health people to the jail. I was the King County Jail psychia-trist in 1979 and I ran the second-larg-est mental hospital in the State of Washington. I had more patients every night in that jail than anybody except the guy running the State mental hos-pital down in Tacoma. And that is where the mentally ill are today. If you want to get them out of that situation and get them into treatment, you are going to have to put some money out into the community in a va-riety of these programs. Good pro-grams. I like what is in them. But you have got to put some money where your mouth is. I will support the bill, and I want to hear the appropriations process next. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). Mr. BURGESS. I thank the gen-tleman for the recognition. Mr. Speaker, passage of this bill rep-resents a major milestone for individ-uals affected by mental illness across the country, and, of course, I want to congratulate Chairman and Congress-man T
IMMURPHY and Congresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON on the progress they have made on this front. Many of us have worked in committee for a long time to achieve this day. And while we are in the business of congratulating ourselves as a routine matter, I also want to take a moment to acknowledge the participation of staff, both in our personal offices, as well as the professional committee staff that helped bring this bill to the point we are today. In particular, an alumnus of my office, Adrianna Simonelli, worked hard to get this bill to a place where both sides could ex-pect and accept the results that we are achieving today. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the recognition. Thanks for bringing this bill to the floor of the House. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, could I inquire again about the time remaining on each side, and ask whether Mr. M
URPHY , how many additional speak-ers he has? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New Jersey has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Does the gentleman have a number of additional speakers? Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. I have about 10 more speakers who would like to speak. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Col-orado (Ms. DEGETTE ), who is the rank-ing member of the Oversight and Inves-tigations Subcommittee. Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, today’s vote on this wonderful bill is the result of longstanding efforts in the Energy and Commerce Committee to come to a bipartisan compromise on mental health legislation. I particularly want to thank my compadre, my chairman, Mr. M
URPHY , for his hard work on this. I have spent many, many hours talking to him about this bill over the last few years, and I am happy to have it come together. This bill really incorporates a num-ber of our positive changes that in-cluded key provisions from the Com-prehensive Behavioral Health Reform and Recovery Act, which I am an origi-nal cosponsor, and other bills. But as Mr. M
CDERMOTT and others on this side of the aisle have said, we still have a lot more work to do. This bill is really just the first step towards true reform. And if we want to make a dif-ference, Congress really does need to provide the resources needed. We have heard people talking about overfilled jails. We have heard people talking about parents who can’t find beds for their tremendously mentally ill children. We have heard about the lack of truly educated professionals. These things can only be achieved with resources and money. And so I truly see this bill as the first step to-wards a very robust mental health sys-tem in this country. The last thing I want to say is, ac-tion on mental health legislation does not excuse inaction on gun violence prevention legislation. We must do something as well as passing com-prehensive mental health legislation to respond to the gun violence epidemic. Americans, my constituents, want us to take these steps. They have made this abundantly clear in the last few weeks, and I am urging that we have a vote separately on those issues. But for today, let’s all vote ‘‘yes’’ on this piece of legislation, and then let’s move forward for the important steps we need to take. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ). Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to vote on long overdue bi-partisan mental health legislation. This bill will finally take concrete steps toward improving the quality of care available to those suffering from mental illness. For too long, the most desperate among us have not had access to proper mental health care. Patients, along with their families and loved ones, have had nowhere to turn. As a doctor taking care of patients in northern Michigan for 30 years, I am all too familiar with the lack of re-sources and attention devoted to pro-viding quality mental health care for our Nation. There are many commu-nities in my district there are no psy-chiatric beds available. Local agencies don’t have the staff or the resources to provide answers for those seeking help, let alone treatment. This bill rep-resents a major step forward in turning all that around. I hope all my colleagues will join me in supporting this commonsense step to help deliver better mental health care. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ). Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Dr. M
URPHY and Ms. J
OHNSON for this landmark mental health legislation. I believe it builds on earlier legislation we enacted in this Congress, like the Clay Hunt suicide awareness and prevention bill, improv-ing the mental health for our veterans. And it fills a void that has existed for decades now since we de-institutional-ized in the 1970s, a decision I support, but we never put Federal policy in be-hind it until today, Mr. Speaker, re-sources for the local level for inpatient care for Americans and families in mental health crisis. b1430 It improves coordination across the agencies to deliver better suicide awareness and prevention in mental health. I want to thank my wife, Mary Jo, a licensed clinical social worker, for her advice and inspiration. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. I continue to reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), my friend and colleague. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and neighbor from Pennsylvania, Congressman M
UR-
PHY, for his unrelenting leadership on this legislation and for calling atten-tion to a problem that affects millions of families across the country. Nearly 10 million Americans have se-rious mental illness, including schizo-phrenia, substance abuse disorder, and major depression. I think today of the many families in my district who tell me about the heartbreak they have had after losing loved ones to drug addic-tion or suicide. This legislation will improve the oversight of mental health and sub-stance abuse programs by ensuring we are using the most relevant data and most effective, evidence-based pro-grams to address our mental health crisis. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I thank the gentleman for his leadership. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.041 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4323 July 6, 2016 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time until we get to closing remarks. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman M
URPHY for this great piece of legislation. I rise today in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Too many families across America have experienced a loved one who is living with or has been diag-nosed with a mental illness. Sadly, one in five children ages 13 to 18 have or will battle a mental illness. As a proud member of the House Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee, I had the privilege of visiting schools across Georgia’s 12th Congressional District and visiting with educators and staff members. School leaders from elementary school to college all say that mental health is one of their top concerns for the students. These heartbreaking statistics are more than data and numbers on a spreadsheet. They are mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, students, friends, and children. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 2646. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gen-tlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK ). Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his tireless work on this important bipartisan legislation which I was proud to cosponsor. I rise in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act. Every week we hear from constitu-ents concerned about this issue, and, of course, we all no doubt know somebody battling with this issue. I appreciate the input from all stakeholders that has been taken into account here—doc-tors, healthcare providers, academics, and law enforcement—but, most impor-tantly, the input from the families, the caregivers, and those dealing with the mental health conditions that are in so much need for more care. So I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill that will allow for more efficient use of the resource allo-cation, improved responsiveness, and reduced time and energy that is now lost spent navigating a very difficult system that will be improved by this. So I thank the gentleman. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD this list of over 50 professional organiza-tions in support of this bill and also a list of 65-plus editorials in support of this bill. 
HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS  E
DITORIAL BOARD ENDORSEMENTS (H.R. 2646) 
2015–2016 EDITORIAL ENDORSEMENTS  1. The Florida Times Union, Congress be-gins to tackle mental illness (April 21, 2015). 2. Observer-Reporter, Reforms to mental- health system neede, (July 21, 2015). 3. The Sacramento Bee, Perhaps Congress will address mental health care (August 1, 2015). 4. The National Review, Congress is Wak-ing Up To Mental health, (August 4, 2015). 5. Reading Record Searchlight, Perhaps Congress will address mental health care (August 9, 2015). 6. U.S. News and World Report, America Wakes Up to Mental Health (August 11, 2015). 7. The Florida Times-Union, Florida’s inept system for mental health leads to trag-edies (August 20, 2015). 8. The Washington Times, Stopping the shooters (August 27, 2015). 9. KDKA-News, KDKA Urges Congress To Pass Murphy’s Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (August 31, 2015). 10. The Connecticut Post, Congress can fi-nally make a difference for mental-health re-form (September 17, 2015). 11. The Winona Daily News, Congress can finally make a difference for mental-health reform (September 17, 2015). 12. Dubuque Telegraph Herald, Congress can finally make a difference for mental- health reform (September 17, 2015). 13. Boulder Daily Camera, Congress can fi-nally make a difference for mental-health re-form (September 17, 2015). 14. The Rome News-Tribune, Congress can finally make a difference for mental-health reform (September 17, 2015). 15. Carlsbad Current Argus, Congress can finally make a difference for mental-health reform (September 17, 2015). 16. Cecil Whig, Congress can finally make a difference for mental-health reform (Sep-tember 17, 2015). 17. The Seattle Times, Congress can finally make a difference for mental-health reform (September 17, 2015). 18. Vero Beach Press Journal, Another View: Mental health reform effort deserves support (September 22, 2015). 19. Alamogordo Daily News, Mental health reform effort deserves support (September 25, 2015). 20. Grand Rapids Business Journal, Behav-ioral Health Care: We Can Do Better Than This (October 2, 2015). 21. The Roanoke Times, Our view: Mur-phy’s (would-be) law (October 7, 2015). 22. The Dallas Morning News, Congress can rewrite mental illness stories by doing this (October 21, 2015). 23. The San Francisco Chronicle, Crime, punishment and mental health (October 22, 2015). 24. The National Review, Editorial: The Week (October 26, 2015). 25. North Dallas Gazette, Dealing with Mental Illness in a Dysfunctional Society (October 28, 2015). 26. The Daily Courier, Seeking to help peo-ple before they pull the trigger (October 29, 2015). 27. The Sacramento Bee, We’ve come to ac-cept the unacceptable (October 30, 2015). 28. The Washington Post, Movement on mental-health care (November 1, 2015). 29. The National Review, Editorial: The Week (November 2, 2015). 30. Kane County Chronicle, Another view: Movement on Mental Health Care (November 2, 2015). 31. Northwest Arkansas Democrat Gazette, Others say: Movement on mental-health care (November 3, 2015). 32. Grand Forks Herald, OUR OPINION: Support US. House’s mental health care re-form (November 4, 2015). 33. The Oklahoman, A review of state, fed-eral mental health laws is justified (Novem-ber 9, 2015). 34. Sarasota Herald Tribune, Bill targets mental health crisis (November 22, 2015). 35. The Wall Street Journal, The Next Mad Gunman (November 29, 2015). 36. The Tampa Bay Tribune, Confront Our Mental Health Crisis (December 1, 2015). 37. PennLive, Full U.S. house should get a vote on Rep. Tim Murphy’s mental health bill (December 14, 2015). 38. The Scranton Times-Tribune, Retool mental health system (December 16, 2015). 39. The Citizens Voice, Improve access to mental health care (December 16, 2015). 40. New York Daily News, Sane law prom-ises mental health treatment for the dan-gerously insane (January 28, 2016). 41. Washington Post, A glimmer of hope for reforming mental health care in America (June 25, 2016). 2013–2014 EDITORIAL ENDORSEMENTS  42. The Express-Times, Don’t give up on background checks, mental health reform (December 15, 2013). 43. Washington Observer-Reporter, Mur-phy’s bill a step toward mental health re-form (December 21, 2013). 44. The Wall Street Journal, A Mental Health Overhaul (December 25, 2013). 45. Houston Chronicle, Dealing with it (January 15, 2014). 46. The Wall Street Journal, The Definition of Insanity (March 31, 2014). 47. Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Worthy of Support: Murphy’s Mental Health Bill Faces the Critics (April 6, 2014). 48. The Toledo Blade, Worth of support (April 9, 2014). 49. Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Better Care for the Mentally Ill is Crucial for Our Soci-ety (April 13, 2014). 50. The Washington Post Mental health care in the U.S. needs a check-up (April 16, 2014). 51. The Orange County Register, A Mental Health Fix That Merits A Chance (April 21, 2014). 52. Mansfield News Journal, How Congress can solve our mental-health crisis (May 19, 2014). 53. The Sacramento Bee, Efforts underway to prevent all-too-often tragic results of un-treated severe mental illness (May 20, 2014). 54. The Fresno Bee, Orange County sets ex-ample with passage of Laura’s Law (May 21, 2014). 55. The Seattle Times, Mental-health re-form to consider in light of Santa Barbara shootings (May 28, 2014). 56. Cecil Whig, Rampage spurring new ap-proaches (June 2, 2014). 57. The Arizona Republic, Reforms shouldn’t protect ‘Big Mental Health’ (June 6, 2014). 58. National Review, Don’t Go Wobbly on Mental Illness (June 9, 2014). 59. The Sacramento Bee, San Francisco Casts Vote for Compassion for People with Severe Mental Illness (July 9, 2014). 60. San Mateo Journal, A vote for compas-sion (July 10, 2014). 61. Ocala Star Banner, Mental health issue (August 18, 2014). 62. Bradenton Herald, Bill in Congress a solid overhaul of America’s broken mental health system (August 21, 2014). 63. Raleigh News & Observer, Pennsylvania Congressman has Ideas to Address Mental Health Care (August 28, 2014). 64. The Fayetteville Observer, Mental health-care Overhaul Bill Worth Attention (August 29, 2014). 65. The Tampa Tribune, Nation needs to treat mental illness as a crisis (December 21, 2014). 
ORGANIZATIONS  Adventist Health Care, American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry, American Academy of Emergency Medicine, American Academy of Forensic Sciences, American Foundation For Suicide Prevention, Amer-ican College of Emergency Physicians, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.042 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4324 July 6, 2016 
American Occupational Therapy Associa-tion, Inc., American Psychiatric Association, American Psychological Association, Behav-ioral Health IT Coalition, California Psy-chiatric Association, Center for Substance Abuse Research. College of Psychiatric and Neurologic Pharmacists, Developmental Disabilities Area Board 10 Los Angeles, Federal Law En-forcement Association of America, Inter-national Bipolar Foundation, Mental Health America, Mental Health Association of Essex County, NJ. Mental Illness FACTS, Mental Illness Pol-icy Organization, National Alliance on Men-tal Illness (NAMI), National Association of Psychiatric Health Systems, NAMI Harlem, NAMI Kentucky. NAMI Los Angeles County, NAMI New York State, NAMI Ohio, NAMI San Fran-cisco, NAMI West Side Los Angeles, National Association for the Advancement of Psycho-analysis, National Association of Psychiatric Health Systems, National Council for Behav-ioral Health, National Sheriffs’ Association, No Health Without Mental Health, Pennsyl-vania Medical Society, Pine Rest Christian Mental Health Services. Saint Paulus Lutheran Church (San Fran-cisco), Schizophrenia and Related Disorders Alliance of America, Sheppard Pratt Hos-pital, Society of Hospital Medicine, Sunovian, Treatment Advocacy Cater, Treat-ment Before Tragedy, University of Pitts-burgh, Department of Psychiatry, Wash-ington Psychiatric Society, New York State Association of Chiefs of Police. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2015. Mental health has become a crisis in our country. There is a nationwide shortage of nearly 100,000 psychiatric beds. Three of the largest mental health hospitals are, in fact, criminal incarceration facilities. Only one child psychologist is available for every 2,000 children with a mental disorder. Our Nation’s mental health system is broken. Yet through the hard work of my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ), this bill fixes the deficit that currently exists in our mental health system through refocusing programs, reforming grants, and removing Fed-eral barriers for care. It provides for additional psychiatric hospital beds. It advances telepsychiatry to allow for better coordination. It also incentivizes States to provide commu-nity-based alternatives to institu-tionalization. This bill takes numerous steps to ad-dressing the deficiencies that our men-tal health community faces. I commend Representative T
IMMUR-
PHYfor his work on this bill, and I en-courage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMI W
ALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong sup-port of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Across this country, our mental health system is broken. Nearly 10 mil-lion Americans suffer from serious mental illness, and for far too many of those individuals the Federal Govern-ment stands between them and the care that they so desperately need. The laws on the books are com-plicated and outdated, but with this legislation, we have the opportunity to reform our national mental health sys-tem. This bipartisan bill will refocus programs, reform grants, and remove the Federal Government as a barrier to lifesaving health care. I urge my colleagues to support this critical legislation to improve the quality and access to mental health care treatment. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. MCCAR-
THY), the majority leader of the House of Representatives. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it is a testament to Representative T
IMMURPHY ’s exper-tise, persuasion, and sheer force of will that something so many thought would be impossible is now inevitable. The House will soon vote to pass Mr. M
URPHY ’s Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act under suspension. Though this bill is the most significant reform to our Nation’s mental health program in decades, it has such a breadth of bipartisan support that we know it will pass with far more than a majority of votes in this House. This is a work that Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania has done not just for 1 month, not 2, not even 1 year, but I would say a lifetime of his work. You see, each year, the Federal Government has responded with money—$130 billion to be exact. But we cannot and should never conflate the amount we spend with the effectiveness of the spending. The Federal Government has 112 pro-grams to address mental illness. But coordination is limited and gaps are common. Children with mental health disorders can’t get psychiatrists. Criminal facilities are commonly used to house mental health patients. Fund-ing isn’t going to support evidence- based breakthroughs that improve peo-ple’s lives. We need simplification, coordination, and effectiveness. We need reforms that help those who suffer from mental illness while also making our Nation safer. This bill is thorough and will deliver. From top to bottom it will improve our fragmented mental health systems, giving new hope to those too often for-gotten and support to those truly in need. It is an honor to be on this floor with Representative T
IMMURPHY . He had the passion, but he had the servant’s heart to never forget those that he wanted to serve. Many of those did not have a voice, and many of those felt left out, with no one there to speak for them. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania has never given up, and he has shown that the entire body of this House, and in essence willed it together, that it came out of the Committee on Energy and Commerce unanimously, and I hope on this floor we follow that direction. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2646 and commend Dr. M
URPHY for introducing it. Across the country, over 10 million Americans suffer from severe mental illness. Unfortunately, many are not receiving their proper treatment, in-cluding access to inpatient facilities or trained mental health professionals. In my prior life, I spent about 10 years as a State and Federal pros-ecutor. In that role, I saw the negative effects of a broken mental health sys-tem. It is a system in much need of re-form in Illinois and all across this country. I have litigated many cases in which mental health played a signifi-cant role in the case, and I can assure you that when it comes to mental ill-ness, incarceration in prison is not the solution. This bill is a step in the right direc-tion. It is comprehensive, and it will help change the direction of our mental health system. I strongly support it and urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is an important and positive step towards expanding and improving mental health care serv-ices in this country, but it is only a first step. If we are serious about strengthening our national mental health care system, we must expand access and dedicate more resources. Comprehensive legislation should in-clude dedicating robust resources to ensure access to community-based pre-vention, treatment, and recovery serv-ices in every community across the country. It must provide additional tools to strengthen mental health par-ity enforcement. Democrats will stay focused on con-tinuing to expand and improve the con-tinuum care for mental health care services. That said, I do want my colleagues, and I urge my colleagues, to support this bipartisan legislation, and let us also work together to get the Senate to pass their bipartisan bill, and they need to go to conference or somehow get a bill that would pass both Houses and get to the President. I do pledge to my colleagues on the Republican side that we need to do that between now and the end of year. I wanted to take a moment to thank the Democratic committee staff who worked so hard on this bill—most of them are on the floor—Tiffany Guarascio, Waverly Gordon to my right, Rachel Pryor, Arielle Woronoff, Una Lee, and, finally, our fellow, Kyle Fischer. Again, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 13, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\H06JY6.REC H06JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4325 July 6, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to add my thanks also to the ranking member, Mr. P
ALLONE , for his steadfast work in this and to his staff. I have learned a lot from them. We have had a lot of conversations and hopefully we have learned from each other. Particularly, I want to thank E
DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Her persist-ence and her role as a psychiatric nurse has been invaluable in this whole proc-ess. In addition, other Members on the other side of the aisle, Mr. G
ENEGREEN  of Texas and Ms. D
EGETTE , M ARCY  K
APTUR and J IMMCDERMOTT , who have been incredible allies in this process, and, of course, the chairman of the full committee, Mr. U
PTON . The staff I want to thank are Gary Andres, Karen Christian, Sam Spector, Paul Edattel, Adrianna Simonelli; my staff, Susan Mosychuk, Scott Dziengelski; my former staff, Brad Grantz; and also Michelle Rosenberg from the committee, for their help. Publicly, I want to also thank those families who spoke up. Many families came out of their pain—Senator Creigh Deeds, Cathy Costello of Oklahoma, Anthony Hernandez of California and Jennifer Hoff of California, Liza Long from up in Idaho, and Doris Fuller from nearby—all talking about the suf-fering of their families. Thousands of other families spoke up, but there are still millions who suf-fer silently in the shadows trying to deal with mental illness and a Federal Government that has failed them, States that have underfunded it. I appreciate the comments from my colleagues. Indeed, if we do not fund some of these things we are author-izing here, it is a far cry from what we need to do. But this bill comes a long way in reforming a system. I ask my colleagues also now, this is one of those moments to put aside any political differences. In the 40 years that I have worked as a psychologist, I have never once asked any of my pa-tients what party they belonged to. We were there to help them. This is our op-portunity to speak up for those who have no voice, as I said at the onset, the last, the lost, the least, and the lonely. They depend on us. I know that Members from both sides of the aisle have told me many times of the stories that they have suffered themselves of their own families and friends. But now let me take a moment to set aside my title as Congressman or as doctor but to talk as a family member. I think I was in college at the time when I heard a soft voice call in my house just saying ‘‘help.’’ It was my fa-ther. I went into the bathroom where he was. He had cut the arteries in his arms and he was bleeding out. I called an ambulance and asked them to come get help for him. He eventually recov-ered and made peace. But it was that soft voice calling for help that I re-sponded to. It is decades later and he is long gone. But it is that soft voice that mil-lions of Americans are also calling out for help. We have a chance here with this bill to make a huge difference. Unlike any other bills we may pass in Congress, this is one where I think Members can really go back and say: Today I voted to save lives. Let’s have treatment before tragedy, because where there is help, there is hope. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, reforming our men-tal health system has been an active priority of mine. That’s why I supported legislation in-creasing access to the mental health care, in-cluding the Mental Health Parity Act of 1996, the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008, the Excellence in Mental Health Act, and the Affordable Care Act. Among its provisions, the Affordable Care Act expanded mental health parity protections by including mental health coverage as one of ten Essential Health Benefit categories. The ACA also ended insurers’ ability to refuse to cover someone due to a pre-existing condi-tion. Prior to the ACA, insurers often declined to cover someone who had diagnoses of men-tal health conditions such as bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, and anorexia. This was no ac-cident, and these important mental health re-forms were yet another reason I supported the ACA. The amended version of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act as reported out of Committee on the Energy and Commerce, takes another meaningful step towards reforming our mental health sys-tem by strengthening enforcement of mental health parity requirements, increasing access to community-based treatment, and growing the mental health workforce. I am pleased to support this bipartisan legislation, and I look forward to working with my colleagues in Con-gress to continue to improve the nation’s men-tal health system. b1445 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2646, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICA-TION AND IMPROVING HEALTH SAVINGS ACT OF 2016 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, pursuant to House Resolution 793, I call up the bill (H.R. 1270) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for over-the- counter drugs under health savings ac-counts and health flexible spending ar-rangements, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 793, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–60, is adopt-ed, and the bill, as amended, is consid-ered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 1270 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Restoring Access to Medication and Improving Health Savings Act of 2016’’. TITLE I—RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2016 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 102. REPEAL OF DISQUALIFICATION OF EX-PENSES FOR OVER-THE-COUNTER DRUGS UNDER CERTAIN ACCOUNTS AND ARRANGEMENTS. 
(a) HSA S.—Section 223(d)(2)(A) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the last sentence. (b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Section 220(d)(2)(A) of such Code is amended by striking the last sentence. (c) H
EALTH FLEXIBLE SPENDING ARRANGE -
MENTS AND HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT AR-
RANGEMENTS .—Section 106 of such Code is amended by striking subsection (f). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to expenses incurred after December 31, 2016. TITLE II—HEALTH CARE SECURITY ACT OF 2016 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Health Care Security Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 202. ALLOW BOTH SPOUSES TO MAKE CATCH-UP CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE SAME HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(b)(5) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR MARRIED INDIVID -
UALS WITH FAMILY COVERAGE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of individ-uals who are married to each other, if both spouses are eligible individuals and either spouse has family coverage under a high de-ductible health plan as of the first day of any month— ‘‘(i) the limitation under paragraph (1) shall be applied by not taking into account any other high deductible health plan cov-erage of either spouse (and if such spouses both have family coverage under separate high deductible health plans, only one such coverage shall be taken into account), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.044 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4326 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(ii) such limitation (after application of clause (i)) shall be reduced by the aggregate amount paid to Archer MSAs of such spouses for the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) such limitation (after application of clauses (i) and (ii)) shall be divided equally between such spouses unless they agree on a different division. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF ADDITIONAL CONTRIBU -
TION AMOUNTS .—If both spouses referred to in subparagraph (A) have attained age 55 before the close of the taxable year, the limitation referred to in subparagraph (A)(iii) which is subject to division between the spouses shall include the additional contribution amounts determined under paragraph (3) for both spouses. In any other case, any additional contribution amount determined under para-graph (3) shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A)(iii) and shall not be subject to division between the spouses.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 203. SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL EXPENSES INCURRED BEFORE ES-TABLISHMENT OF HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(d)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN MEDICAL EX -
PENSES INCURRED BEFORE ESTABLISHMENT OF  
ACCOUNT .—If a health savings account is es-tablished during the 60-day period beginning on the date that coverage of the account beneficiary under a high deductible health plan begins, then, solely for purposes of de-termining whether an amount paid is used for a qualified medical expense, such account shall be treated as having been established on the date that such coverage begins.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to coverage beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 204. MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMIT TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT IN-CREASED TO AMOUNT OF DEDUCT-IBLE AND OUT-OF-POCKET LIMITA-TION. 
(a) S ELF-ONLY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$2,250’’ and in-serting ‘‘the amount in effect under sub-section (c)(2)(A)(ii)(I)’’. (b) F
AMILY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(B) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘$4,500’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount in effect under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii)(II)’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 223(g)(1) of such Code is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsections (b)(2) and’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘determined by’’ in sub-paragraph (B) thereof and all that follows through ‘‘‘calendar year 2003’.’’ and inserting ‘‘determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2003’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof .’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. TITLE III—PROTECTING TAXPAYERS BY RECOVERING IMPROPER OBAMACARE SUBSIDY OVERPAYMENTS ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Taxpayers by Recovering Improper Obamacare Subsidy Overpayments Act’’. 
SEC. 302. RECOVERY OF IMPROPER OVERPAY-MENTS RESULTING FROM CERTAIN FEDERALLY SUBSIDIZED HEALTH INSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 36B(f)(2)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer whose household income is less than 300 per-cent of the poverty line for the size of the family involved for the taxable year, the amount of the increase under subparagraph (A) shall in no event exceed the applicable dollar amount determined in accordance with the following table (one-half of such amount in the case of a taxpayer whose tax is determined under section 1(c) for the tax-able year): ‘‘If the household income (expressed as a percent of poverty line) is: The applicable dollar amount is: 
Less than 200% ............... $600 At least 200% but less than 250%.$1,500 At least 250% but less than 300%.$3,000.’’. 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1270, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1270, the Restoring Access to Medication and Improving Health Savings Act. This bill contains policies that folks on both sides of the aisle can support and have supported in the past. With the cost of health care rising, from hospital stays to doctor visits and prescription drugs, and the ever- present regulatory burdens of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act, H.R. 1270 combines three measures that put the people back in control of their own healthcare spending, gain more access to the over-the-counter medications they need, and decrease government spending. One of the most head-scratching pro-visions of ObamaCare requires people to get a doctor’s prescription if they want to buy over-the-counter medi-cines at a pharmacy with their HSA money. This provision is just about the polar opposite to what most folks think of when buying aspirin or other common medicines at their pharmacy. Instead of simply walking in and pay-ing with their HSA card for that medi-cine, they are turned down and told to set up an appointment with their doc-tor just to get a script for that medi-cine. It does not decrease costs for the patient or the government. It actually increases the burden people have to get those medications. Now they must make the appointment, wait for days or weeks for the visit, and take that doctor’s time away from sick patients, all to get some allergy medicine. H.R. 1270 will allow people to use their HSAs to buy over-the-counter medications at pharmacies because, when someone needs some allergy med-icine during this time, they should be able to get that medicine whenever they need it. With that, H.R. 1270 will allow people to put more into their HSA accounts and match the amount of their deduct-ible and out-of-pocket costs. It will allow people to contribute $6,550 indi-vidually and $13,100 for a family, and those amounts will grow with infla-tion. Another provision that makes it harder to use an HSA declares that taxpayers may use HSA funds only for qualified medical expenses incurred after the establishment of the HSA, which might be some time after the es-tablishment of the associated high-de-ductible health plan, or HDHP. The provision would treat HSAs opened within 60 days after gaining coverage under an HDHP as having been opened on the same day as the HDHP. Also, for eligible older, married Americans, this bill allows them to contribute catch-up contributions to one shared HSA, simplifying the saving process and ultimately enabling them to save more and gain more control over their own health care. Finally, H.R. 1270 will better protect taxpayer dollars and modify existing limits on the amounts to be repaid by those whose advance payments exceed the ObamaCare subsidy to which they are entitled. This is a bipartisan offset. Twice, Congress has voted to increase the amount of improper ObamaCare subsidy overpayments that need to be repaid. Increasing the recovery of im-proper subsidy overpayments was first proposed by Senate Democrats in the 2010 Medicare doc fix and extenders leg-islation. Former HHS Secretary Sebelius described this offset as mak-ing it ‘‘fairer’’ for all taxpayers. As currently structured, the Demo-crats’ healthcare law fails to ade-quately protect taxpayers from over-payments of the Federal subsidies to purchase health insurance, even in the case of fraud. The current law limits the amount of money that can be re-couped if recipients receive a greater subsidy than they are entitled to, even if that means keeping thousands of extra dollars in overpayments. H.R. 1270 ensures full repayment for those making more than 300 percent of the Federal poverty level and doubles the current repayment cap for those between 250 and 300 percent of the Fed-eral poverty level. This is not a tax in-crease or a way to punish those who re-ceive a pay increase; rather, it is a measure to show our constituents that we are taking care of their tax dollars by requiring the return of overpay-ments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.008 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4327 July 6, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The House was originally scheduled to take up this bill tomorrow—tomor-row. There was a hole, a hole created by Republicans’ refusal to consider meaningful legislation to address gun violence in this country. I was on the steps of the Capitol ear-lier today hearing the poignant sto-ries—at times, virtually unbearable to hear—from victims of gun violence, the shattering impact on themselves or their children, and what it means in real terms for the lives of their fami-lies. The bill now before us can be simply described: a tax cut mainly for the most wealthy, being paid for by the loss of health coverage for 130,000 Americans. As the White House noted in its Statement of Administration Policy: ‘‘The administration strongly op-poses House passage of H.R. 1270, which would create new and unnecessary tax breaks that disproportionately benefit high-income people, increase taxes for low- and middle-income people, and do nothing to improve the quality of or address the underlying cost of health care.’’ The Republicans have totally failed during the 6 years of healthcare reform to present an alternative. Instead, it is repeal or destroy the ACA. This is the 64th vote to repeal or undermine the ACA. This bill is one of their scattered pro-posals on health care. According to the Joint Tax Committee, of the approxi-mately 1.2 million returns in 2013 with an HSA deduction, more than 50 per-cent are from people with incomes ranging from $100,000 to $200,000 to over $1 million. This bill would double their tax benefit. For Republicans, their banner is ‘‘the more income inequality, the better.’’ I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), who is the ranking member on the Health Sub-committee, and ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), our leader on the Ways and Means Com-mittee and a subcommittee chairman. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Restoring Access to Medication and Improving Health Sav-ings Act, bipartisan legislation to fix yet another provision within ObamaCare that defies all common sense. I have to commend my colleagues on the House Ways and Means Committee, Congresswoman LYNN JENKINS and Congressman R
ONKIND, for coming to-gether on this bipartisan legislation for the sake of getting good policy. This legislation repeals an ObamaCare provision that prohibited Americans from using their pretax healthcare savings to purchase quali-fied over-the-counter medications. Over-the-counter treatments provide the first line of defense for minor ail-ments and illnesses. As a physician, I certainly know this well. Also, as a parent of two children, I know this quite well. We all know, Mr. Speaker, concern over the rapidly escalating cost of health care is shared on a strongly bi-partisan basis. On this point, I think we all can agree. In that same vein, en-suring Americans have access to the most appropriate care at the right time is a critical factor in curbing overutili-zation of healthcare services. In short, not every ailment or minor illness ne-cessitates a trip to the doctor or emer-gency room. My colleagues across the aisle, the architects of ObamaCare, have vastly underestimated the value in savings that over-the-counter treatment op-tions provide each year to the U.S. healthcare system. Access to over-the-counter treat-ments is estimated to save the U.S. healthcare system and consumers $102 billion, on average, each year in avoid-ed clinical and prescription expendi-tures. On average, physicians cite roughly 10 percent of office visits each year that could be avoided through appro-priate use of over-the-counter treat-ment options. In my home State of Louisiana, out- of-pocket expenditures for health care over the past 10 years has more than doubled, with the most recent annual statewide expenditure for medications, alone, totaling nearly $5 billion. This is the right approach for pro-tecting American families and seniors from some of the worst effects of ObamaCare. I firmly believe allowing Americans to use their pretax dollars toward their out-of-pocket healthcare costs serves as a powerful tool to start really bend-ing the healthcare cost curve in Amer-ica. That is why I urge my colleagues to support this very sensible bipartisan legislation. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I include in the R
ECORD an editorial from The Washington Post called, ‘‘The Myth of Paul Ryan.’’ 
[From the Washington Post, July 5, 2016] T
HEMYTH OF PAULRYAN (By Katrina vanden Heuvel) It’s also an apt descrtiption of the man Trump supplanted as de facto leader of the party—Romney’s running mate in 2012, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R–Wis.). Indeed, years before Trump sold Repub-lican primary voters on the myth of his own great success, Ryan sold a credulous Wash-ington establishment on the notion that he was a serious thinker overflowing with polit-ical courage—a policy wonk uniquely willing to tackle tough issues such as entitlement reform. In the past month, however, it has become more obvious than ever that Ryan’s reputation is worth about as much as a de-gree from Trump University. Let’s review. After a fleeting flirtation with principle, Ryan kicked off June by endorsing Trump for president. Despite his previous indication that Trump would have to change course to earn his support, Ryan’s endorsement came without any public concessions or reassur-ances from Trump It also came after The Post reported in late 2013 that Ryan was em-barking on a personal crusade to steer Re-publicans ‘‘away from the angry, nativist in-clinations of the tea party’’ and toward a ‘‘more inclusive vision.’’ A few weeks after bowing to Trump, Ryan did take a stand—against the historic sit-in on the House floor led by civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis (D–Ga.) to demand a vote on gun legislation. Ryan derided the show of solidarity with victims of gun violence as a ‘‘publicity stunt’’ and warned ominously that in the future, ‘‘We will not take this. We will not tolerate this.’’ (But Ryan has said the House will vote on a GOP-sponsored gun bill this week.) Lastly, there is Ryan’s supposed bread and butter: a policy agenda rolled out over the course of the month. Ryan put forward a health-care proposal that was hyped as the long-awaited Repub-lican alternative to the Affordable Care Act, but the ‘‘plan’’ consisted largely of well-worn talking points instead of actual legislation. In a withering editorial titled ‘‘Paul Ryan’s flimsy health plan,’’ The Post’s editorial board described it as ‘‘less detailed in a vari-ety of crucial ways than previous conserv-ative health reform proposals,’’ while adding, ‘‘The outlines that the speaker did provide suggest that it would be hard on the poor, old and sick.’’ He also released a tax reform proposal that, according to the Wall Street Journal, ‘‘isn’t detailed enough for a complete non-partisan congressional analysis to verify the effect on the budget and on households.’’ The limited details he did provide, however, do not paint a pretty picture. It’s not just that Ryan proposes to slash rates for the rich and corporations. He also wants to create a new loophole for ‘‘pass-through’’ income, which is a feature of Trump’s proposal and the disas-trous plan implemented by Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback (R) that has wrecked his state’s finances. And perhaps most significantly, given his disavowal of his past ‘‘makers and takers’’ rhetoric, Ryan introduced an ‘‘antipoverty’’ plan that would severely weaken the safety net for those living in poverty. The plan, ac-cording to Politico, is mostly ‘‘repackaged GOP proposals,’’ including cuts to unemploy-ment assistance, Head Start and federal Pell Grants. With Ryan’s blue-collar home town of Janesville already suffering the con-sequences of corporate trade deals and other Ryan-backed economic policies that have eviscerated the city’s manufacturing base, TalkPoverty editor Greg Kaufmann writes that Ryan’s latest proposal demonstrates ‘‘his enduring disconnect from the people struggling in his own district and across America.’’ None of this is new. Ryan has been selling snake oil for years—promising to ‘‘save’’ Medicare by privatizing it, boasting that he could balance the budget with tax cuts for the rich and without any cuts to defense spending, pretending to be a pragmatist while embracing the extreme ideological dogmas of Ayn Rand and the religious right. But his unearned standing as a serious and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.046 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4328 July 6, 2016 
courageous leader in a sea of cynical hacks has persisted nonetheless. Even today, there are those who sympathize with Ryan, sug-gesting that he is somehow a victim of Trump and right-wing Republicans in Con-gress when, in fact, his leadership—and fail-ures thereof—helped pave their path to power. When he was nominated for vice president in 2012, I wrote that Ryan’s vision for the country isn’t courageous—it’s cruel. While that remains true four years later, it’s not only Ryan’s policy goals that need to be ex-posed for what they are. 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, June 22 was a historic day in this House. You could look at it from two different po-sitions. One was it was the day that the Speaker was going to roll out, finally, after 2,000 days, his plan for health care in this country. b1500 Unfortunately for him, in the well of the House, the Democrats decided that, maybe, commonsense gun legislation was more important. This bill was sup-posed to come up that day, but, in-stead, it was put up for today, and then it was put up for tomorrow. It is impor-tant because this is the fundamental underpinning of the undoing of the ACA for this country. There was a feeling on this floor that it was more important to talk about commonsense gun legislation. People were out there, worried about it, and we stood around here again and again, bowing our heads, and said: ‘‘Gee, we are feeling awful about this,’’ and then went on with business; so the Demo-crats sat down and said: ‘‘We are going to do something about this.’’ The Speaker is the Speaker, and he is not to be denied, so here comes his bill again. He couldn’t get it on June 22. We are revisiting this bill with the added benefit of some time to have actually looked at what the Republican healthcare plan is. The reviews are now in. The article I included from The Washington Post calls it a ‘‘flimsy health plan,’’ ‘‘P
AUL RYAN’s flimsy health plan.’’ The American people don’t understand what he is about to do to them. Medicare would be replaced by a voucher system. Medicaid would be cut radically. Consumer protections would be rolled back. Women would be denied the care they are entitled to. These are the same tired, harmful ideas that the Republicans have proposed time and time again. At the heart of this pro-posal is a dramatic shift of costs onto the patients. That means the wealthy will win and that the poor and the mid-dle class will lose. H.R. 1270, which is knocking gun leg-islation off the agenda, is the first place they will begin the process of putting the Ryan plan into action. It is the first of a dozen bills that are re-quired if they are serious about de-stroying the ACA and replacing it with their vision of health care for America. Like the rest of the Republican health debacle, H.R. 1270 is a harmful, poorly thought-out policy. This bill has three main parts, each of which will have damaging impacts on the Tax Code and on the healthcare system. The first is to expand the HSAs, the health savings accounts. Health sav-ings accounts are used by fewer than 1 percent of Americans—0.7 percent of Americans use HSAs. If you are above $1 million, 6 percent use them. These are mechanisms for the rich to save money around healthcare costs. Few middle and working class Americans have the incomes necessary to even contribute to HSAs. The second thing it does is to repeal an important Affordable Care Act tax revenue provision and to put more money, tax free, in the hands of drug manufacturers—$20 billion for HSAs and $5 billion for the drug manufactur-ers in this country, as if they weren’t making enough. We can’t even have a meaningful hearing in the Ways and Means Committee on the costs of phar-maceuticals for Americans in the Medi-care program. Of course, now that we have given away $25 billion, we have got to have a pay-for. Where will we get that pay- for? There is something in the ACA called the true-up process. Now, if you are somebody with an income of up to 200 percent of poverty and you are working and you get a subsidy from the govern-ment because you need it to afford to buy your healthcare plan, if something changes in your life during that year, there has to be a so-called true-up process. That is, you received too much in benefits, so you have to pay it back to the Federal Government. Now, when $175,000 people like us write a bill of a grand here, a grand there, it is not really a big deal; but when you are making $40,000 or $30,000 for a family of four or $50,000 for a fam-ily of four, $1,000 is a big deal. This was a provision in the Afford-able Care Act that said, if you have to pay the government back, you have to pay some proportion, not all of it, be-cause we know it would be a real hit at the end of the year to suddenly get a bill from the IRS for $1,000. It was a way to keep people able to buy health insurance. The CBO says 130,000 fewer Americans will have coverage because of this provision. That is how you pay for giving $20 billion to the top and $5 billion to the pharmaceutical manufac-turers, and that is why some of us are going to oppose this bill. My belief is that, if you are serious about dealing with health care, you are going to have to write it down. Mr. R
YANput a beautiful talking point list out with not a single word of legisla-tion. He will not write down what he really intends to do. You have to kind of intuit it and have to have spent your life thinking about this stuff to under-stand all of the intricacies of what he is up to. The really upsetting thing is that we ought to be dealing with gun legisla-tion here. The American people are en-titled to have us vote on gun legisla-tion. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), a mem-ber of the Ways and Means Committee and an author of one portion of this bill. Mr. PAULSEN. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative J
ENKINS for her leadership and advo-cacy on behalf of consumers’ choice in health care, and that is exactly what this bipartisan bill does and is all about. It is giving everyone the flexi-bility and the ability to make healthcare choices that are best for them and for their families, because no matter what your views are about the President’s new healthcare law, you have to acknowledge that healthcare costs continue to go up for families, for small businesses, and for individuals alike. It is a pocketbook issue. Fami-lies want to have more tools and more flexibility to lower their costs and to set aside money to help pay for health care. Today, more and more people—nearly 20 million Americans—are using these health savings accounts to help save for health care. These are accounts that are used by regular, middle-in-come folks. In fact, the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation just released brand new information, while we were gone on the Fourth of July recess, that points out that almost 80 percent of people who are using these HSA ac-counts are middle-income and low-in-come. Half of the folks had incomes be-tween $75,000 and $200,000, and 27 per-cent of the folks had incomes below $75,000. This is because the HSA is a very important tool that gives families certainty to help lower their healthcare bills. It allows them to shop around for the best quality care at the lowest price just like anything else they want to buy. Mr. Speaker, HSAs are growing in popularity. We know that. It is time to improve these accounts now to make them easier for all consumers to use. In Minnesota, 800,000 consumers and Min-nesotans are eligible and are part of these HSA healthcare plans. This bill contains more commonsense reforms to help patients. It does in-clude restoring the ability of patients to use their own healthcare dollars in health savings accounts and in flexible spending accounts to purchase over- the-counter medications without their having to get doctors’ prescriptions first. There is no reason for patients to have to make unnecessary doctors’ vis-its just so they can use their own money to buy allergy medication or cold medicine like Advil or Claritin. In addition, this bill does include pro-visions, which I authored, to make it easier for spouses to contribute and to consolidate their accounts as they near retirement. It also allows for them to pay for their health care as they open their HSA accounts, and it allows them to set aside enough money to cover all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.016 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4329 July 6, 2016 
of their deductible and out-of-pocket costs. Mr. Speaker, this bill is good policy. It is bipartisan, and it is fiscally re-sponsible. Most importantly, it helps families save and pay for their health care. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS). Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I would much rather be dis-cussing a bill that would get automatic and semiautomatic weapons out of our lives. Nevertheless, I strongly oppose H.R. 1270. This bill gives advantage to the most secure in our country at the expense of the vulnerable. If you really look at it, it is kind of Robin Hood health care in reverse. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, health savings accounts vastly benefit high-income earners. Fewer than 0.5 percent of taxpayers with incomes under $50,000 contribute to HSAs, yet 6.3 percent of taxpayers who earn over $500,000 contribute to these accounts. This is not surprising because it is high-income earners who can set aside thousands of dollars in HSAs. The median income in my con-gressional district is $51,311. The vast majority of my constituents will not benefit from this bill, but they will be harmed by it. To pay for the $24 million boon to the upper income, this bill hikes up the healthcare costs of low- and middle-in-come Americans. When low- and mid-dle-income families receive financial help to make their ACA health insur-ance more affordable, the ACA wisely protects them from excessive penalties if they incorrectly predict their annual incomes. Shockingly, H.R. 1270 re-moves these important consumer pro-tections from thousands of low- and middle-income families in order to pay for the tax breaks for the wealthy. In addition to increasing costs for struggling families, the bill would re-sult in approximately 130,000 fewer in-dividuals who are covered by health in-surance. HSA expansion is not a sub-stitute for comprehensive healthcare reform. HSA expansion does not lower healthcare costs nor improves the qual-ity of healthcare services. Rather than raising the minimum wage, creating jobs, or growing the economy, the Republican leadership simply advances HSA expansion to bol-ster the wealth of the most privileged at the expense of the vulnerable. I urge my colleagues to reject this bill and vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), the esteemed chairman of our House Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1270, the Restor-ing Access to Medication Act of 2016, led and authored by Congresswoman L
YNNJENKINS . House Republicans recognize the Af-fordable Care Act is really making life harder for so many families and job creators. That is why we have released a detailed plan to repeal this con-troversial law and have put in place healthcare solutions that are focused on what the American people need, not what Washington needs. This bill by Congresswoman JENKINS helps build upon and advance that important ef-fort. The legislation is a testament to regular legislative order. It contains three policies that have been approved in advance by the Ways and Means Committee. First, H.R. 1270 eliminates a nonsen-sical ObamaCare regulation that puts Washington between patients and the medications they need. Under ObamaCare, Americans are limited. They can only use their per-sonal medical savings accounts to buy prescription drugs only. It doesn’t mat-ter if there is an over-the-counter al-ternative that works just as well and costs half as much. No. ObamaCare says you cannot use your own health savings to pay for it without an expen-sive prescription. This bill cuts this Federal red tape so Americans, in a commonsense way, have the freedom to use their own health savings or flexible spending accounts to buy the medica-tion that best suits them regardless of what side of the counter it comes from. Second, the bill makes commonsense improvements to how you contribute to and spend from your health savings accounts. These improvements, first introduced by Representative P
AULSEN and Dr. B
URGESS , allow Americans to save more, to coordinate their savings with their spouses, and to have better access to their savings. Finally, the measure acts to protect taxpayer dollars by making sure that those who aren’t eligible to get sub-sidies pay them back. It makes com-mon sense. If you are not eligible, you should pay them back. Some patients do under the current law. Twice, Republicans and Democrats have come together to make the ObamaCare subsidy repayment fairer. I am hopeful that we can continue that sense of bipartisan cooperation today. I congratulate Congresswoman J
ENKINS . Her bill will help people in America save. I urge its support. b1515 Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ), a member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, thank you for the opportunity to speak on this important bill. I would also like to thank my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee, particularly Ms. J
ENKINS , for collaborating to put this package together. The bill before us is built on two im-portant principles: patient-centered health care and good governance. This bill will expand consumer-driv-en healthcare accounts. For families and individuals, this means expanding their ability to set aside hard-earned money tax free and giving them the ability to spend their money on the benefits most useful to them. This bill will allow Americans to use the money they have set aside for health care on over-the-counter medi-cation regardless if they go to their doctor beforehand. Just as important, Mr. Speaker, this bill will put a stop to the Federal Gov-ernment continuing to overpay for ObamaCare subsidies, thereby pro-tecting taxpayer dollars. I support these principles, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 1270, because Americans should have every opportunity to use how they see fit their health savings accounts or health flexible spending arrangements. When ObamaCare was passed into law, one of the many things it limited was what health savings accounts could be used for. Under ObamaCare, health savings accounts or flexible spending accounts can only be used for prescription medications and insulin. In other words, if you have a headache, you cannot use the money you have saved for medication services. You would need to either get a prescription for your headache or pay for an over- the-counter drug out of pocket. I believe one aspect to any successful marketplace is allowing consumers to use their income and resources as they see fit to manage their health. Limita-tions and control by the government on how Americans can interact with retail businesses is never good, espe-cially in health care. That is why H.R. 1270 is so important. H.R. 1270 removes the ObamaCare limitation on medication payments for health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements so Americans can use their accounts for both over-the-counter medications as well as prescription medications. We must continue to remove the gov-ernmental barriers that limit con-sumer action and choice. We must work to ensure that every American has choices to make so the U.S. healthcare system remains consumer driven. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I include into the R
ECORD a letter from the Executive Office of the Presi-dent, a Statement of Administration Policy dated 21 June of 2016 on this bill where the President says, in the last line: ‘‘If the President were presented with H.R. 1270, he would veto the bill.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.050 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4330 July 6, 2016 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 1270—THE RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICA -
TION ACT OF 2015 —REP. JENKINS , R–KS, AND 39  
COSPONSORS  The Administration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 1270, which would cre-ate new and unnecessary tax breaks that dis-proportionately benefit high-income people, increase taxes for low- and middle-income people, and do nothing to improve the qual-ity of or address the underlying cost of health care. The Affordable Care Act is working and is fully integrated into an improved American health care system. Discrimination based on pre-existing conditions is a thing of the past. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 20 mil-lion more Americans have health insurance. And under the Affordable Care Act, we have seen the slowest growth in health care prices in 50 years, benefiting all Americans. H.R. 1270 would repeal the Affordable Care Act’s provisions that limit the use of flexible savings accounts for over-the-counter drugs—provisions that help fund the law’s coverage improvements and expansions. The bill also would provide additional tax breaks that disproportionately benefit those with higher income by expanding tax-preferred health savings accounts. These changes would do little to reduce health care costs or improve quality. To fund these new high-in-come tax breaks, H.R. 1270 would increase taxes paid by low- and middle-income fami-lies by removing the law’s limit on repay-ment of premium tax credits available through the Health Insurance Marketplaces. Rather than refighting old political battles by once again voting to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act, Members of Congress should be working together to grow the economy, strengthen middle-class families, and create new jobs. If the President were presented with H.R. 1270, he would veto the bill. 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, it is very clear that this is, as Mr. L
EVIN said, the 64th or 65th—I have lost count—effort to undermine the Afford-able Care Act and to begin the process of sliding Americans away from Medi-care and Medicaid and privatize the whole business and leave the American people in the loving hands of the insur-ance industry. We understand. Newt Gingrich said, when he became Speaker, that his number one goal was to get rid of Medicare; and the Repub-lican Party has been doing that since 1994. I have been here the whole time and watched it over and over and over again. We have beaten it back, we have beaten it back, and we have beaten it back. The fact is that the American people are entitled to security in their health care. In every other industrialized country in the world, people do not worry about being bankrupted by their illness or an injury or whatever might happen to them. Health care is not something that you have very much control over. In fact, this idea that you can shop your health care; that somehow, as you are driving down the road and suddenly your heart has problems, you can stop and say, ‘‘Well, let me get a phone book here and find the cheapest cardi-ologist to go to or the cheapest cardiac surgeon,’’ that kind of shopping doesn’t go on. We are not buying iceboxes here. We are designing a system where we are trying to help everybody. The Republican plan is simply pull-ing people away from that and forcing them into their own individual box. You take care of yourself. I have no re-sponsibility for you whatsoever. That is the end of a civilized society when we stop caring about people in the society who have the most trouble dealing with the problems they face, not because they are weak or stupid. These people who are getting these benefits, buying their healthcare plan, are using that money because they don’t have enough to do it on their own. Something changes in their life. One of their kids gets married. Sud-denly they are no longer a deduction. So they have suddenly got to be in the true-up process, and we are going to take their money away from them be-cause their kid got married. Now, my view is that everything about this bill is not in the best inter-est of the American people. Not only are they entitled to health security, they ought to have some security, and that means that we ought to have a process where everybody who wants to buy a gun ought to have to go through a background check. I was going home on the plane last week after what went on here, and a guy came down the aisle about the size of the man in the chair and said to me: ‘‘I am a gun collector, and I got 25 guns and they are all registered, and they should be. And I am a Republican.’’ This country understands the com-monsense nature of the legislation that we should be considering today here. Instead, we get the beginnings of erod-ing the healthcare system. The Speak-er is inexorably working toward it, and we will just have to keep fighting. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS OF Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, as I said in my opening statement, this bill deserves bipartisan support. It seems that the main objection from my Democratic colleagues relates to the ObamaCare subsidy overpay-ments, and our desire to get back some of the money that our constituents have received either fraudulently or not under this law is just a common-sense approach. This is not a tax on poor Americans nor is it a Robin Hood-style break for rich Americans. Rather, it is a bipar-tisan offset that many of my friends on the other side of the aisle have voted for not once, but twice. It is a chance to fulfill our obligation to be good stewards of the dollars that hard-working Americans have paid in taxes. We must pass H.R. 1270 to protect taxpayers, reduce the deficit by more than $2 billion, and show that we can agree to change some bad provisions in ObamaCare that drive up costs, de-crease access, and unwisely spend tax-payer dollars. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 793, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the passage of the bill will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 803; Adoption of House Resolution 803, if ordered; The motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 1252; and The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2646. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 164, not voting 26, as follows: [Roll No. 351] YEAS—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.015 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4331 July 6, 2016 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—164 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—26 
Bass Bost Buchanan Cramer Culberson Delaney Denham DeSantis Ellmers (NC) Farr Grijalva Harris Hastings Katko LaMalfa Lewis Meeks Nadler Nugent Rice (NY) Scott, Austin Speier Takai Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
b1543 Mses. EDWARDS and CLARK of Mas-sachusetts changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. ASHFORD changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I was inadvert-ently detained on rollcall vote 351 regarding H.R. 1270, the Restoring Access to Medica-tion Act of 2015. Had I been present to vote, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on rollcall 351. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 351 had I been there. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4361, FEDERAL INFORMA-TION SYSTEMS SAFEGUARDS ACT OF 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MO-TIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 803) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information sys-tems, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 180, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 352] YEAS—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.011 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4332 July 6, 2016 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Hastings Katko Nadler Nugent Schrader Takai Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1551 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 182, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 353] AYES—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—182 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Bishop (UT) Bost Buchanan Davis, Rodney Delaney Hastings Katko Nadler Nugent Takai Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1558 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on rollcall No. 353, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1252) to authorize a comprehen-sive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition se-curity, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, im-prove nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resil-ience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 369, nays 53, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 354] YEAS—369 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.014 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4333 July 6, 2016 
Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—53 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barton Black Blackburn Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chaffetz Collins (GA) Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleming Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Harris Hice, Jody B. Jones Labrador Lamborn Loudermilk Lummis Marchant Massie McClintock Palazzo Palmer Price, Tom Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Rouzer Sanford Sensenbrenner Sessions Stutzman Williams NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Garrett Hastings Katko Meadows Nadler Nugent Takai Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1605 Mr. POE of Texas and Ms. BROWN of Florida changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 354, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yea’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2646) to make available need-ed psychiatric, psychological, and sup-portive services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 422, nays 2, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 355] YEAS—422 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.019 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4334 July 6, 2016 
Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Hastings Katko Nadler Nugent Takai Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1615 Messrs. TAKANO and GROTHMAN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1615 REPORT ON H.R. 5634, DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas from the Com-mittee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–668) on the bill (H.R. 5634) making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
VENEZUELA DEFENSE OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND CIVIL SOCIETY EX-TENSION ACT OF 2016 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2845) to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 2845 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Extension Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF TERMINATION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO VEN-EZUELA. 
Section 5(e) of the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–278; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONDOLENCES FOR THE KILLING OF THE BRITISH MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT (MP) JO COX Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of House Resolution 806, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 806 Whereas, on June 16, 2016, British Member of Parliament Helen Joanne ‘‘Jo’’ Cox while traveling to meet with constituents in Birstall was attacked and sustained fatal in-juries in an abhorrent act of terrorism; Whereas as a result of these injuries Cox passed away at the age of 41; Whereas Cox was a faithful servant who dedicated her life to helping those in need through a lifetime of advocacy and work for humanitarian causes; Whereas Cox was a faithful public servant who dedicated her life to serving the British people and expanded protections for some of the world’s most vulnerable populations, es-pecially refugees; Whereas she was the first in her family to graduate from a university, Pembroke Col-lege at Cambridge, where she received a de-gree in social and political studies; Whereas Cox had just been elected in May 2015 for her first term as a Member of the Parliament for Bateley & Spen; Whereas when Cox was elected to Par-liament she said that she had achieved her ‘‘dream’’; Whereas at the time of her death, Cox was about to meet with her constituents; Whereas President Barack Obama de-scribed Cox as ‘‘an effective public servant for her beloved Yorkshire’’ and made clear that ‘‘countless women, children and refu-gees around the world live with more dignity and home because they knew Jo Cox and were touched by her work on their behalf’’; Whereas British Prime Minister David Cameron described Cox as ‘‘a voice of com-passion, whose irrepressible spirit and boundless energy lit up the lives of all who knew her and saved the lives of many she never, ever met’’; Whereas Cox was nominated as a Young Global Leader by the Davos World Economic Forum in 2009; Whereas Cox described herself as a ‘‘mum, proud Yorkshire lass, boat dweller, mountain climber and former aid worker’’; Whereas Cox truly sought to improve her community through public service; Whereas the British Parliament was re-called to pay tribute to Cox and flags were flown at half-staff over the Prime Minister’s residence, Number 10 Downing Street; Whereas the loss of innocent lives due to political violence in the United Kingdom is a threat to the United States and democratic governments across the world; and Whereas Cox leaves behind her husband, Brendan, and two children, Cuillin and Leijla: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) condemns in the strongest terms the killing of Member of Parliament Jo Cox on June 16, 2016; (2) condemns in the strongest terms acts of terrorism; (3) expresses its deepest sympathies to the Cox family for their loss; and (4) stands with the British Parliament and the British people during this profound mo-ment of sadness. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS SAFEGUARDS ACT OF 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 4361. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 803 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 4361. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1621 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information sys-tems, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.021 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4335 July 6, 2016 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, we are here to con-sider H.R. 4361, the Government Re-form and Improvement Act of 2016. As amended, the bill combines seven good-government bills, each of which have been reported by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and I look forward to hearing from some of the bill’s sponsors as we move this package today. Broadly speaking, these bills address three key issues: enhancing Federal in-formation technology security, mod-ernizing the Federal workforce, and ad-dressing Federal regulatory burdens. The first topic, enhancing IT secu-rity, is addressed through the first title of the bill and is a cause championed by Representative G
ARY PALMER , also the sponsor of the underlying bill that is under consideration now. Specifically, title I of the bill ad-dresses a Federal Labor Relations Au-thority determination that was based on an incorrect interpretation of the Federal Information Security Manage-ment Act, or what is widely referred to as FISMA. The ruling permits Federal employee unions to delay agencies from imple-menting timely and necessary cyberse-curity protections, like blocking access to potentially dangerous Web sites, until the agencies first negotiate with the unions over the changes. The second topic, Federal workforce modernization, is covered by titles II, III, IV, and V of the legislation. Title II includes the text of H.R. 901, a bill introduced by Representative M
ARKMEADOWS of North Carolina, and requires the Office of Management and Budget to issue guidelines to prohibit access to explicit Web sites from Fed-eral Government computers, unless such access is necessary for investiga-tive purposes. It is kind of ridiculous that we have to legislate this, but it is such a perva-sive problem in our work on the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee, this is a vital bill that is in that package. We have heard numerous examples of this problem. One indi-vidual, for instance, Mr. Chairman, was at the EPA, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, and was identified by the inspector general there. This person was watching 2 to 6 hours per day of ex-plicit material—otherwise known as pornography—on the clock and paid for by the American taxpayer. Title III includes the text of H.R. 3032, a bill introduced by Representa-tive K
ENBUCKto lengthen the proba-tionary period for Federal employees to 2 years after training is completed. Currently, Federal employees have a probationary period of just 1 year, which often does not give managers sufficient time to evaluate on-the-job performance. Title IV includes the text of H.R. 4358, a bill introduced by Representa-tive TIMWALBERG . It will modernize the Senior Executive Service, also known as the SES, the elite adminis-trators within the Federal Govern-ment. Specifically, the bill will increase the probationary period for SES members to 2 years and make SES members sub-ject to the same suspension authorities for misconduct that are already applied to other civil service employees. Additionally, agencies will be able to remove SES employees for ‘‘such cause as would promote the efficiency of the service.’’ So what we are trying to do is provide more efficiency, and this is an appropriate bill. Title V includes the text of H.R. 3023, a bill introduced by Representative D
ENNIS ROSSof Florida to require the Office of Personnel Management to re-lease an annual report on the use of of-ficial time by agencies. Official time is when Federal employees perform rep-resentational work for a union in lieu of normally assigned work. I think it is appropriate that we have some more specificity for Congress to understand what is happening here. The third topic, addressing regu-latory burdens is covered by the final two titles of the bill, title VI and title VII. Title VI includes the text of H.R. 4612, a bill introduced by Representa-tive T
IMWALBERG of Michigan to pro-hibit agencies from proposing or final-izing rules in the period between the day of a Presidential election and the inauguration day of a new President. This provision will address a recur-ring problem where sitting Presidents of both parties will rush through the regulations at the end of the term which have been come to be known as midnight regulations. To counter the problem of midnight regulations, every President since Ronald Reagan who has taken over from the opposite party has issued an immediate regulatory mora-torium to pause the regulatory process until it can be reviewed. Rather than forcing incoming Presidents to handle a torrent of new regulations advanced by an outgoing President, the bill would allow new Presidents to move forward on regulations they deem ap-propriate. Mr. Chairman, title VII includes the text of H.R. 4921, a bill introduced by Representative M
ARK WALKER , also of North Carolina, to require the Internal Revenue Service to mirror what the agency requires of taxpayers in its own recordkeeping requirements. Imagine that—the IRS has to live under the same standards that they make the American people live under. Specifically, the IRS requires tax-payers to keep their tax year informa-tion for 3 years after filing. This bill does the same. A lot of good bills are wrapped into this package. I urge our Members to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in strong opposition to this leg-islation, which is yet another Repub-lican assault on Federal employees and the Obama administration. Some Members claim this is a good- government bill. That is simply not true. This legislation is a mishmash of several bills that would damage em-ployee rights, weaken public health and safety, and do little, if anything, to advance government reform. Although there are many trouble-some provisions, I will focus on the more harmful parts of the legislation. First, this bill would allow agency heads to fire senior executives with lit-tle notice. A senior executive would be allowed to appeal an agency decision only after removal. The agency deci-sion would be deemed final if an admin-istrative law judge failed to issue a de-cision within 21 days. This could bind an executive to an agency’s decision by default rather than by judgment on the merits of his or her case. That is sim-ply unfair. Almost identical provisions were in-cluded in a law enacted in 2014 affect-ing the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Not surprisingly, they are being challenged on constitutional grounds in the Federal circuit court of appeals. The Department of Justice has ac-knowledged some of the constitutional infirmities by choosing not to defend some of these provisions. This bill also would lengthen the pro-bationary period for new employees from 1 year to 2 years. By this ex-tended probationary period, these workers essentially would be at-will employees. They would have minimal due process rights if they are unfairly fired, and they would have minimal ap-peal rights if unwarranted disciplinary action is taken against them. b1630 I understand that this legislation is intended to provide agencies with more authority to root out so-called bad ap-ples from the Federal workforce. How-ever, I do not believe the solution to getting rid of a few bad apples is to at-tack the due process rights of millions of hardworking, dedicated Federal em-ployees who serve the American people honorably every single day. These provisions would also endanger whistleblowers and make employees more vulnerable to retaliation for re-porting waste, fraud, and abuse. His-tory has shown why these due process protections are so necessary. I would like to read from a report issued by the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board in 2015: ‘‘Due process is there for the whistle-blower, the employee who belongs to the ‘wrong’ political party, the reserv-ist whose periods of military service are inconvenient to the boss, the scape-goat, and the person who has been mis-judged based on faulty information. Due process is a constitutional require-ment and a small price to pay to en-sure the American people receive a merit-based civil service rather than a corrupt spoils system.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.068 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4336 July 6, 2016 
We must remember that Congress put in place these due process protections to eliminate this spoils system. Now by trying to move Federal employees back to being at-will employees, our Repub-lican colleagues would be returning us to that broken and dangerous system. Another misguided provision in this bill would block the President from fi-nalizing significant regulations during the last months of his term, even if those regulations have been in the works for an extended period of time. Blocking agencies from finalizing rules they had been working on for years just because it is the end of a Presi-dent’s term is not good policy and it is certainly not good governing. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the American Association for Justice, dated February 29, 2016, and a letter from the Coalition for Sensible Safe-guards, dated March 1, 2016. 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR JUSTICE , February 29, 2016. Re The Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612). Hon. E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR RANKING MEMBER CUMMINGS : AAJ urges members of the committee to oppose the Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612) which would impose a moratorium on any new proposed or final major regulations during the final months of this and future presidential administrations. This misguided bill would jeopardize cru-cial public protections by blocking regula-tions based on timing alone. It presumes the regulations which are proposed or finalized during the so-called ‘‘midnight’’ rulemaking period are rushed and inadequately vetted. Yet many of the regulations which this mor-atorium would apply to have been in the reg-ulatory process for years. These regulations were delegated by Congress to agencies in order to protect children from toxic toys, families from tainted food, and consumers from financial exploitation. Furthermore, the need to ban such regula-tions has not been demonstrated. The Ad-ministrative Conference of the United States (ACUS) conducted an extensive study of reg-ulations finalized near the end of previous presidential terms and found that found that the majority of the rules are either routine matters or tasks that were initiated before the Presidential transition period or the re-sult of deadlines outside the agency’s control (such as year-end statutory or court-ordered deadlines). It is also important to consider the varied regulations which could be impacted by this moratorium. One example is the pending Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) regulation on long term care that contains important protections for nursing home resi-dents. This regulation could also offer nurs-ing home residents protection from forced arbitration clauses. This rulemaking is scheduled to be finalized in the fall and has been on the CMS’ regulatory agenda for three years. There is no reasonable basis to prevent CMS from implementing important protections for nursing home residents. This moratorium could impact a number of meaningful regulations aimed at improving the health, safety and welfare of the Amer-ican people. Yet the need for such a drastic action is not supported. Under the guise of attacking the regulatory actions of the Obama Administration, this bill guts effec-tive public health and safety measures and should not be tolerated. AAJ urges members of the committee to vote no on H.R. 4612, the Midnight Rule Re-lief Act of 2016. Sincerely, LINDA A. L IPSEN , Chief Executive Officer, American Association for Justice. 
COALITION FOR  S
ENSIBLE SAFEGUARDS , March 1, 2016. Re Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612). Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, House of Representatives, Oversight & Government Reform Committee, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Oversight & Government Reform Committee, Washington, DC. The Coalition for Sensible Safeguards (CSS), which includes more than 150 diverse labor, consumer, public health, food safety, financial reform, faith, environmental and scientific integrity groups representing mil-lions of Americans, urges members of the committee to oppose the Midnight Rule Re-lief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612) which would im-pose a blanket moratorium on any new pro-posed or final major regulations during the final months of this and future presidential administrations. This bill would jeopardize public protec-tions affecting public health and safety and the environment that often are years, if not decades, in the making. Worse, it would ex-empt attempts in the final days of an admin-istration, through rulemaking, to ‘‘undo’’ or weaken existing regulations. The proposed legislation is based on a fa-tally flawed premise: that regulations pro-posed or finalized during the so-called ‘‘mid-night’’ rulemaking period—the period fol-lowing the election and before the inaugura-tion of the new president—are rushed and in-adequately vetted. In fact, the very opposite is true. There are currently dozens of public health and safety regulations that have been in the regulatory process for years or decades, including many that date from the Obama Administration’s first term or implement laws passed in the first term. Indeed many regulations predate this Administration entirely. Many of these regulations were mandated by Congress and have missed rulemaking deadlines prescribed by Congress. Referring to regulations that have been under consideration by federal agencies for years, and in some instances decades, as ‘‘rushed’’ simply is not true. A small sampling of long-delayed regula-tions that could be blocked by this morato-rium illustrates the harmful impact of the bill. The pending Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulation protecting workers from exposure to the toxic car-cinogen silica has been in the regulatory process for nearly twenty years and the cur-rent silica standard dates from 1971. Critical pipeline safety regulations have yet to be completed under the 2011 Pipeline Safety Act, an issue of urgent bipartisan concern given recent pipeline ruptures and leaks. The Food and Drug Administration has yet to implement regulations under the 2009 To-bacco Control Act to safeguard the public and particularly young people, from new and potentially dangerous tobacco products such as electronic cigarettes. Approximately a quarter of required rulemakings under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act have yet to be imple-mented over five and a half years after the law was enacted and nearly eight years since the financial crash. Among those rules are important measures to bring transparency to bank executive compensation and limits on excessive speculation that drive up energy prices for consumers. The Interior Department has yet to final-ize the ‘‘blowout preventer’’ rule that was a primary factor in leading to the massive British Petroleum oil spill in the Gulf al-most six years ago. Prominent administrative law experts have concluded that the concerns regarding these regulations are not borne out by the evidence. For example, in 2012 the Adminis-trative Conference of the United States (ACUS) conducted an extensive study of reg-ulations finalized near the end of previous presidential terms and found that many ‘‘midnight regulations’’ either were ‘‘rel-atively routine matters not implicating new policy initiatives by incumbent administra-tions,’’ or ‘‘the result of finishing tasks that were initiated before the Presidential transi-tion period or the result of deadlines outside the agency’s control (such as year-end statu-tory or court-ordered deadlines).’’ In the end, ACUS concluded, ‘‘the perception of mid-night rulemaking as an unseemly practice is worse than the reality.’’ As the ACUS study points out, there is lit-tle to no empirical evidence supporting claims that regulations finalized near the end of presidential terms were rushed or did not involve diligent compliance with man-dated rulemaking procedures. In fact, it is likely that compliance with the current and too lengthy regulatory process prevents agencies from finalizing new regulations effi-ciently, and thus earlier in presidential terms. This is because many of the regulations that Congress intended to provide the great-est benefits to the public’s health, safety, fi-nancial security, and the environment cur-rently take several years, decades in some instances, for agencies to implement due to the extensive and, in many cases, redundant procedural and analytical requirements that comprise the rulemaking process. Indeed, CSS maintains that the inherent inefficiency of the current regulatory process, leading to a broken system of regulatory delays and pa-ralysis across agencies, is the primary area in most of need of urgent attention and re-form by this Committee. Making matters worse, H.R. 4612 estab-lishes a flagrant and unjustifiable double- standard in the regulatory process by ex-empting deregulatory rules from the morato-rium, thereby prioritizing deregulation over pro-protection measures. The practical effect of this exemption is to ensure that the legis-lation will only apply to administrations that favor pro-regulatory measures and thus creating a permanent loophole for adminis-trations that favor deregulatory measures. This one-sided application betrays foundational administrative law principles that require regulatory procedural mandates to apply to both deregulatory and pro-regu-latory actions in a neutral and fair fashion. Taking the claims of ‘‘midnight regula-tion’’ critics at face value, there is simply no principled basis for allowing deregulatory measures to be ‘‘rushed’’ through the process without ‘‘adequate vetting’’ while at the same time preventing agencies finalizing and implementing public protections by falsely claiming that they did not receive adequate consideration. This Administration ends on January 20, 2017. It is incumbent on them to do their con-stitutional duty to implement the laws of Congress until that date. CSS urges members of the committee to reject both the Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016 (H.R. 4612) and false and misleading rhetoric that bears no reality to the real 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.070 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4337 July 6, 2016 
problems of excessive and systemic delay in the regulatory process. Sincerely, R
OBERT WEISSMAN , President, Public Citizen, Chair, Coalition for Sensible Safeguards. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. The letter from the American Association from Justice states: ‘‘This misguided bill would jeop-ardize crucial public protections by blocking regulations based on timing alone. It presumes the regulations which are proposed or finalized during the so-called ‘midnight’ rulemaking pe-riod are rushed and inadequately vet-ted. Yet many of the regulations which this moratorium would apply to have been in the regulatory process for years.’’ Contrary to what our Republican col-leagues may believe, the President is a President until January 20, 2017, ac-cording to the Constitution. Just as the Republicans are wrong for blocking the President’s Supreme Court nomi-nee in his last year of his term, this provision is also wrong, it is awfully wrong, for attempting to curtail the authority of a President of the United States to protect the interests of the American people. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 4361. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ), the sponsor of the bill under consideration today. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, the Federal Government’s most important responsibility is to protect this Nation and our citizens, particularly when it comes to defending against cyber at-tacks. In June and July of last year, 2015, the Office of Personnel Management announced the largest government data breach in history. The personally identifiable information of over 22 mil-lion Americans was compromised, in-cluding background investigation and fingerprint data. The national security impact of the OPM data breach will resonate for dec-ades. Under the Federal Information Secu-rity Management Act, or FISMA, the head of each agency is responsible for securing its information systems from unauthorized access and other threats posed to our Nation’s security and eco-nomic vitality. But under a mistaken interpretation of FISMA, the Federal Labor Relations Authority determined Federal em-ployee unions can block agencies from taking action to implement cybersecu-rity protections against direct risks until the agencies first negotiate on them. Mr. Chairman, the security of Ameri-cans’ data is nonnegotiable and should not be eligible for bargaining. Securing hundreds of millions of Americans’ data and millions of Federal employ-ees’ data is more important than the convenience of a few Federal employ-ees in using government computer sys-tems for personal use. This bill ensures that the head of a Federal agency does not just have the responsibility to swiftly secure the agency’s networks, but also has the au-thority to do so, and without having to go through collective bargaining. The next time a Federal agency acts in the interest of securing Americans’ data, the head of the agency should be confident the action will not be chal-lenged because the agency did not en-gage in bargaining over cybersecurity. I believe this is an important step that we can take to empower Federal agencies to act quickly to secure agen-cy networks and protect Americans from cyber attacks. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member from Mary-land. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposi-tion to another attempt by Repub-licans to undermine due process protec-tions, prevent the President from final-izing rules during his last months in of-fice, and override collective bargaining rights for Federal employees. In fact, this bill, H.R. 4361, eliminates the ability of agencies to issue rules to-ward the end of a President’s term, as-suming some kind of shoddy rule-making to finalize a rule before a President’s term is up. This kind of as-sumption is wrong. There is nothing shoddy going on. The Administrative Conference of the United States found most end-of-term rules related to rou-tine matters or were issued in response to deadlines outside of the agency’s control. This is nothing more than another ef-fort to reverse the will of the American people when they reelected President Obama in 2012 by impairing the ability of our government to function in the last months of his term. Additionally, H.R. 4361 is like Christ-mas in July for those opposed to the labor rights of our fellow Americans, including anti-family provisions and provisions of dubious constitutionality. Specifically, this bill exempts from collective bargaining requirements any action taken by an agency head to limit, restrict, or prohibit access to a Web site that the agency head deter-mines presents a security risk to the agency’s IT systems. In practice, this would erode collec-tive bargaining rights by excluding ‘‘any impact or implementation’’ of such an action from collective bar-gaining requirements, such as reason-able accommodations to allow an em-ployee to communicate with family members or schools. H.R. 4361 also subjects the members of our Senior Executive Service to the political whims of Presidents by strip-ping them of their ability to appeal their termination after a decision by an administrative law judge. The Department of Justice has de-clined to defend the constitutionality of similar provisions before the court of appeals for the Federal circuit. H.R. 4361 should have no place in our American laws. I strongly urge my col-leagues to keep it that way. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), who has been integral in making this bill a reality. I thank him for his hard work in cham-pioning these efforts. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman. Mr. Chairman, I am not sure what bill my friends on the other side are talking about, but I am glad to be talk-ing about a great bill that my friend, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ), has introduced. I appreciate his work on the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee to craft H.R. 4361, the Government Reform and Im-provement Act of 2016. It includes a se-ries of good government reforms that will provide more accountability and transparency to Federal bureaucracy that is sorely lacking each. I am proud the legislation includes two of my bills: the Senior Executive Service Accountability Act and the Midnight Rule Relief Act. The Senior Executive Service Accountability Act brings much-needed reform and gives agencies commonsense tools to hold senior leaders more accountable for their taxpayer-funded work. Specifically, the bill ensures em-ployee performance is measured, elimi-nates loopholes that allow reprimanded officials from keeping perks like execu-tive pay, and expedites the removal process for individuals who have been found to have engaged in misconduct. To be clear, there are many in the Federal workforce, including senior ex-ecutives, who are hardworking public servants. We thank them for their hard work. However, as we have seen repeat-edly in hearings before our committee, there are also bad actors who have grossly abused their position, and the Senior Executive Service Account-ability Act is an important step to-wards holding these bad actors ac-countable and restoring public trust. The underlying bill also contains the Midnight Rule Relief Act. It estab-lishes a moratorium period between the Presidential election and the inau-guration on regulations that result in major costs or price increases for con-sumers and small businesses. Pushing costly regulations at the last minute has been an issue with pre-vious administrations of both political parties. The Midnight Rule Relief Act will hold the current and future out-going administrations in check to en-sure small businesses in Michigan and across the country aren’t faced with a surprise onslaught of excessive regula-tions that stifle wages, job creation, and economic growth. I want to, again, commend the work of Mr. P
ALMER and the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.031 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4338 July 6, 2016 
their great work to ensure a more ac-countable and transparent Federal Government. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4361. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member C
UMMINGS . Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 4361. Clearly, my colleagues on the other side have good intentions, but they need to be informed and corrected and understanding. I served 30 years as a Federal employee. During that time, I served as an EEO investigator. I looked at actions that were made against Fed-eral employees that were not in com-pliance. I understand the undue burden that this legislation will put on Fed-eral workers and labor organizations. H.R. 4361 combines proposals attacking Federal employees with regulatory measures, many of which hinder the performance of one of our Nation’s largest workforces. When we considered this legislation in committee, I offered an amendment to strike the provisions in title III of H.R. 3023, and require each employing agency to make an affirmative decision in writing near the end of an employ-ee’s probationary period stating that the individual’s performance is accept-able, which the Office of Personnel Management considers a best practice in managing the performance of em-ployees. Mr. Chairman, instead of debating legislation that would undermine due process provisions, we should be look-ing at how we can protect our citizens through commonsense gun control leg-islation and maintain access to afford-able health care for all Americans. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ), who has poured his heart and soul into this. I am glad that he is participating and joining us here today. b1645 Mr. WALKER. I thank the chairman, and I thank my distinguished colleague from Alabama for working so dili-gently on this piece of legislation. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 4921, the Ditto Act. The Ditto Act is not just about ensuring that the Internal Revenue Service properly maintains its records; it is also about holding the government and the power-ful to the same standards to which they hold American citizens. This bill states that, if the IRS re-quires American citizens to maintain their tax records, then the IRS also has to maintain any record for at least 3 years. Currently, the IRS requests or rec-ommends American citizens maintain certain records or tax information for the ‘‘just in case.’’ Essentially, the IRS says that American citizens have to hold on to their information for years at a time in the event that the IRS may request information to audit us, to investigate us, or to take some simi-lar action. However, current investiga-tions and congressional hearings show that the IRS does not hold itself to the same standards, and it does not prop-erly maintain its own records. This unequal enforcement of the law is part of a bigger problem. Continued and recent events, as we have seen re-cently, point to the fact that govern-ment agencies, such as the IRS, at-tempt to play by different rules than the rest of us. The Ditto Act is another step in en-suring that government bureaucrats are held to the same standards as all Americans. If the IRS insists that we maintain our records, then the IRS should have to play by the same rules and be held similarly accountable for the same information. That is why I have introduced this simple piece of legislation. This bill provides a level playing field. It tells American citizens that their govern-ment is operating under the same set of rules that it requires all of us to op-erate under. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this effort. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ). Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4361, which is yet another Republican attack on the Fed-eral workforce and labor organizations. This bill is, essentially, an attempt to micromanage the government. The bill is a collection of measures that un-dermine due process protections, that prevent the Obama administration from finalizing rules during its last 2 months in office, and that override col-lective bargaining rights for Federal employees. The bill would bar most regulations from being finalized by, virtually, every Federal department or agency during the last 2 months of the Obama administration, regardless of when they were proposed or how long they have been in the rulemaking process. Additionally, H.R. 4361 exempts from civil service collective bargaining re-quirements any agency action limiting access to any Web site the agency de-termines presents a current or a pos-sible future security weakness to its information systems. The bill’s language is unnecessary be-cause current law already authorizes Federal agencies to ‘‘ensure that all personnel are held accountable for complying with the agency-wide infor-mation security program.’’ In practice, this provision could allow agencies to cut off Federal em-ployees’ ability to communicate with childcare providers or to get informa-tion on a weather emergency in the event of their children’s schools closing early, with there being no opportunity to negotiate alternative arrangements. The provision could also be selectively invoked to block access to the official Web sites of Federal unions. Under current law, there is no right to bargain over the substance of agen-cy information systems decisions, only over appropriate arrangements in the event that those decisions create an adverse impact on employees. In addi-tion, agencies can take any action without bargaining in advance if there is an emergency. Agencies currently have broad authority in this area, making any additional limitation on employees’ ability to have a voice in their working environments unneces-sary. Further burdening Federal workers, H.R. 4361 would extend the proba-tionary period for newly hired General Schedule employees from 1 year to 2 years. For positions requiring formal training, the 2-year time period would only commence after the required for-mal training. This is unnecessary as the current 1-year probationary period allows sufficient time for agency man-agement to assess and determine whether an employee is suitable for most positions and is capable of per-forming his duties. In the Statement of Administration Policy, the President’s senior advisers stated that they would recommend he veto this bill. As I said before, this bill is, essen-tially, an attempt to micromanage the government, which is not this body’s purpose, and we should get on with the business of what Congress is supposed to do. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. B
UCK). Mr. BUCK. I thank the gentleman for the opportunity to speak on this im-portant legislation. Mr. Chair, our Federal Government relies on the contributions of civil servants to run Federal agencies and to faithfully execute our laws. We place significant responsibility into the hands of these executive branch em-ployees. Others still are placed in sen-ior management roles where the im-pacts of their performance and com-petency are felt throughout the agen-cies and by those citizens who interact with them. We expect Federal employ-ees to run the government efficiently and fairly; so we should treat them the same way. That is what this bill does. When a typical employee is hired for the civil service, he begins in a proba-tionary period, during which time the employee can be relieved of his duties if he fails to perform well. After the probationary period, the employee re-ceives greater protection from being fired, even if he is underperforming. This bill extends the probationary pe-riod of employees in both the competi-tive civil service and the Senior Execu-tive Service from 1 year to 2 years. If the employee requires training or li-censing, the probationary period begins when training and licensing are com-plete. This extended probationary period gives us time to assess the skills of government employees. If an employee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.072 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4339 July 6, 2016 
isn’t up to the task he or she has been assigned, it is unfair to everyone else who is working hard or competently in that agency to retain the underper-forming individual. Moreover, the mo-rale of Federal agencies depends on their having strong teams with strong employees. Anyone who has run an of-fice knows that one bad apple can drag the whole team down. That is why this bill is so important. We need strong teams working in the Federal Government, and our current Federal employees deserve competent team members. Only then will our bu-reaucracy be more efficient and better able to serve the American taxpayer, because, ultimately, taxpayers pay the salaries of our Federal employees. For the sake of the taxpayer, we must cre-ate a culture of accountability and fairness in our Federal hiring prac-tices. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I com-mend my colleague from Alabama for introducing this legislation, which con-tains a number of bills from the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee. Mr. Chair, H.R. 4361 contains several excellent provisions to increase trans-parency, to enhance oversight, and to restore good governance. One of the areas of particular impor-tance to me is the language that re-quires the Office of Personnel Manage-ment to submit to Congress reports on the use of ‘‘official time’’ by Federal employees. For those who are unfamiliar with of-ficial time, it is the practice by which Federal employees are paid by tax-payers to conduct union business, while on the clock, instead of per-forming the normal activities and du-ties of the agencies for which they work. Official time allows Federal em-ployees who are with the unions to col-lectively bargain with their agencies, to arbitrate grievances, and to even or-ganize or carry out internal union ac-tivities, all while being paid by the tax-payer. It is staggering to me how much offi-cial time is used. Over 3 million man- hours each year are spent on activities that have nothing to do with govern-ment business. From 1998 to 2012, which is the last period of time that we have of reliable data, the use of official time has grown by over a million man-hours per year while the number of Federal employees who are represented by unions has actually decreased during that period of time. In fact, there are several Federal agencies that have many employees who do nothing but union activity business in spite of the fact that they were hired for something else. For ex-ample, the VA and the IRS have over 200 employees each who operate exclu-sively on official time. Many of these employees are extremely well paid. The Department of Transportation, for ex-ample, has 35 employees with an aver-age salary of $138,000 who give 100 per-cent of their time to union activity rather than to that for which they were hired. For a point of reference, Mr. Chair, the mean household income in my dis-trict is, approximately, $62,000 a year. Official time, essentially, means that American taxpayers are being forced to subsidize the union activities of Fed-eral employees. Federal employee union members pay union dues, and the taxpayers should not be required to foot the bill. There is an unfortunate lack of re-porting on this issue, and it is, ulti-mately, unclear exactly how much offi-cial time is being used by Federal em-ployees. Here in Congress, we are some-times forced to rely upon year-old GAO reports and existing FOIA requests. That is why the OPM reporting that is required under this legislation is critical. Personally, I am opposed to official time altogether, but at least we can agree that reporting is necessary for all of us. I urge the support of H.R. 4361. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS). Mr. ROSS. I thank my colleague from Alabama for this legislation and for this opportunity. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 4361, the Government Reform and Im-provement Act of 2016, and in support of my legislation that is included in this package, which requires the Office of Personnel Management to submit an annual report to Congress that details the use of official time by Federal em-ployees. ‘‘Official time’’ is defined as any pe-riod of time that is used by a Federal employee to perform representational or consultative functions and during which the employee would otherwise be in a duty status. Essentially, this al-lows Federal employees to perform union activities during their official workdays. As the former chair of the Oversight and Government Reform Sub-committee on the Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service and Labor Policy, I learned firsthand that OPM has very little accountability for the use of offi-cial time. In fact, the OPM last re-ported about the use of official time in the year 2012, which was 4 years ago. My bill would require the OPM to submit a detailed report annually to Congress on the use of official time by Federal employees, outlining specific types of activities or purposes for which this time was granted. For ex-ample, in 2012, Federal employees spent, roughly, 3.4 million hours con-ducting union business while on duty. This came at a cost of $157 million to the taxpayer. The taxpayers have a vested right to know. At a time when our country is more than $19 trillion in debt, we need to en-sure that we are better accounting for the use of taxpayer dollars. This legis-lation will bring greater transparency to the activities union officials are conducting while being paid by the American taxpayer. I thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and my colleague from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) for their support on the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the chairman so very much. To the manager of the bill on the floor, my good friend who is rep-resenting the majority, I think not one of us can cite an example in which a Federal employee is not engaged in serving this Nation. Mr. Chair, over the last couple of months, our focus has been on the Transportation Security Officers. As I traveled back to Washington and as I interacted with my constituents, many were concerned about airport travel and the enhancement of security. I saw TSO officers—government workers—on the front lines. We see them all the time as they serve this Nation—from homeland security to, certainly, those who are working in the health areas now as we face the epidemic of Zika. In many places, Federal employees stand in the gap by serving us. We look forward to bright young people who are graduating from college and who are seeking service in the Federal army, if you will, of civilian workers who serve their Nation. I can only say that this legislation, H.R. 4361, disappoints me, because, first of all, title III would double the proba-tionary period for Federal employees, unlike in the private sector, from 1 to 2 years. Federal employees would be at will. They wouldn’t have benefits, and they wouldn’t be protected. That is not, certainly, an enticing recruitment for young, bright college graduates. Another form of the lack of due proc-ess is in title IV, which would allow senior agency executives to be re-moved, almost immediately, with their having only minimal appeal rights. Ex-ecutives would have only 7 days to file appeals. b1700 Mr. Chairman, what are we saying to those who we call upon for the front lines of serving in America—our EPA employees, our Forest Rangers, they are all over—we are saying that that kind of experience is to be discarded. It sadly disturbs me. Lastly, I have never heard of this. I sit on the Judiciary Committee, and I wonder how title VI would reduce, in the end of a President’s term, his or her right to be able to argue for regula-tions that would enhance the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.073 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4340 July 6, 2016 
Let me say to you that we are facing another uphill battle because right now we are trying to pass no fly, no buy and to close the loophole to save lives. It is interesting how we are dealing with a bill that takes away due process rights, but yet we cannot find a compromise, whose opposition is based upon we are denying an individual due process. Well, I tell you I am looking forward to us being able to vote on the gun leg-islation of no fly, no buy. I know it very well because I had a no fly for for-eign terrorists. We work on these issues in Homeland Security. So if I look at an employment bill that is taking away due process rights, I am asking for us to come back, give them their rights by not supporting this legislation and, as well, giving our rights to the minority to vote on le-gitimate bills that will save lives; no fly, no buy, and closing the gun show loophole. I have seen the blood, the death that has come about from gun vi-olence. It is time to vote to save lives. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished lady from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, it is a mystery to me why we would want to move forward with this bill. I will have amendments to strike portions of this bill later. I just want to speak to a cou-ple of the reasons. The extension of the probationary pe-riod, for example, may not raise con-stitutional issues. A GAO report was done and indicated that the problem was not with length of the proba-tionary period, but with the use of the probationary period; that supervisors simply weren’t using it, and that many of them didn’t even know when the probationary period ends. So why would we want to lengthen the probationary period? I am not sure who that helps. Does it help the employee or does it help the agency? In any case, depending, as I do, on an objective source, this section is unnec-essary. To cite another section, the termi-nation of an employee in the SES is an absolutely bad way to deal with some-body who is not making it as a man-ager, but was good enough to be pro-moted to the SES. We have invested millions of dollars in an employee by the time that employee gets to be a top SES employee and gets promoted to manager. It won’t be the first time that somebody has been an excellent employee, but when he got to man-aging whole divisions, he was not good. Why get rid of that employee instead of demoting that employee, as is now done? Finally, this bill is replete with due process problems. For example, it expe-dites the removal and appeals process and takes it away entirely in some in-stances. This bill reeks of constitu-tional infirmities. It should not be passed. You will find Members on our side who want to sit down and improve the process and are ready to do so. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to make the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ) aware that I have no further speakers and I am pre-pared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. In closing, I cannot emphasize strongly enough how unnecessary, damaging, and constitutionally defec-tive this legislation is. You know, as Ms. J
ACKSON LEEwas speaking, Mr. Chairman, I could not help but think about a young lady that I met at NIH a few years ago when the government was shut down. I was talk-ing to her, and I was asking her about her job. And one of the things she said was that she was very, very upset. And I said: ‘‘Well, are you upset that you are going to possibly lose money? Or are you upset that you are going to have problems?’’ She said: ‘‘No, I am not so upset about losing my job because I can al-ways find a job.’’ She said: ‘‘The thing I am upset about is that if the govern-ment shuts down, that means that there are all kinds of research that is going to be stopped and we won’t be able to see the breakthroughs that I thought we would be able to see.’’ My point is that there are so many Federal employees, just like the ones who work for us, who come to work every day and they have dedicated their lives to giving to the public. In other words, it is about the business of feeding their souls. So often what happens, I have no-ticed, is we have a way of not treating them right all the time. And I have been a fierce defender of the public em-ployee and the Federal employee be-cause I realize that they are the back-bone of this Nation. Yet, when we look at the negative consequences of this legislation, they are truly terrible. The bill would re-duce due process protections for new Federal employees and senior execu-tives, enable whistleblower retaliation. And whistleblower retaliation is some-thing that our committee has fought and tried to make clear that we would not tolerate under any circumstances, and I am pleased to say that that has always been something that both sides of the aisle has been adamant about, and we should be. This legislation would bar the Presi-dent from issuing rules to protect health and safety during his last months in office. Whether it was Presi-dent Obama or any other President, I want our President to serve out every second of his term and I want him or her to be able to accomplish the things that the American people elected them to do right down to the very last sec-ond. Another thing that it does, it erodes collective bargaining rights. It requires duplicative and burdensome reporting by the Office of Personnel Management and agencies. It imposes unnecessary guidelines regarding computer usage. And it requires the IRS to establish an arbitrary recordkeeping system. I would like to remind our colleagues that the Federal circuit court of ap-peals is reviewing the constitutionality of nearly identical provisions in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act enacted in 2014. And the De-partment of Justice has decided not to defend the constitutionality of some of these provisions before the Federal cir-cuit court. Before I conclude, I want to under-score my disapproval of this bill’s un-justified interference with President Obama’s authority to issue regulations that are critical to ensuring the safety of the American people. I would like to quote from a March 1, 2016, letter sent to the Oversight and Government Reform Committee in op-position to title 6, and it says: ‘‘Taking the claims of ‘midnight reg-ulation’ critics at face value, there is simply no principled basis for allowing deregulatory measures to be rushed through the process without ‘adequate vetting’ while at the same time pre-venting agencies finalizing and imple-menting public protections by falsely claiming that they did not receive ade-quate consideration. This Administra-tion ends on January 20, 2017. It is in-cumbent upon them to do their con-stitutional duty to implement the laws of the Congress until that date.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. First of all, I thank my colleagues who have spoken in support of this legislation and say that this is sensible and re-sponsible legislation to increase Fed-eral agencies’ ability to protect their data systems and, thus, increase the protections offered every Federal em-ployee. This bill also increases account-ability for Federal employees, and it requires the IRS to adhere to the same recordkeeping requirements that it im-poses on every taxpayer. Finally, Mr. Chairman, this bill would end the practice of subjecting Americans to a barrage of regulations imposed by an outgoing administration that can no longer be held accountable. I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.075 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4341 July 6, 2016 
original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule, an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–59. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 4361 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Government Reform and Improvement Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—FEDERAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS SAFEGUARDS Sec. 101. Agency discretion to secure informa-tion technology and information systems. TITLE II—ELIMINATING PORNOGRAPHY FROM AGENCIES Sec. 201. Prohibition on accessing pornographic web sites from federal computers. TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PROBATIONARY PERIOD FOR CAREER EMPLOYEES Sec. 301. Extension of probationary period for positions within the competitive service. Sec. 302. Appeals from adverse actions. TITLE IV—SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE ACCOUNTABILITY Sec. 401. Biennial justification of Senior Execu-tive Service positions. Sec. 402. Extension of probationary period for career appointees. Sec. 403. Modification of pay retention for ca-reer appointees removed for under performance. Sec. 404. Advanced establishment of perform-ance requirements under Senior Executive Service performance ap-praisal systems. Sec. 405. Amendments with respect to adverse actions against career appointees. Sec. 406. Mandatory leave for career appointees subject to removal. Sec. 407. Expedited removal of career ap-pointees for performance or mis-conduct. Sec. 408. Mandatory reassignment of career ap-pointees. TITLE V—OPM REPORT ON OFFICIAL TIME Sec. 501. Reporting requirement. TITLE VI—MIDNIGHT RULE RELIEF Sec. 601. Moratorium on midnight rules. Sec. 602. Special rule on statutory, regulatory, and judicial deadlines. Sec. 603. Exception. Sec. 604. Judicial review. Sec. 605. Definitions. TITLE VII—REQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN RECORDS Sec. 701. Requirement to maintain records. TITLE I—FEDERAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS SAFEGUARDS 
SEC. 101. AGENCY DISCRETION TO SECURE IN-FORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND IN-FORMATION SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, any action taken by the head of an agency that is necessary to limit, restrict, or prohibit access to any website the head of the agency determines to present a current or future security weakness or risk to the information technology or information sys-tem under the control of the agency, and any impact or implementation of such action, shall not be subject to chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘information sys-tem’’ have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and (2) the term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3552 of title 44, United States Code. TITLE II—ELIMINATING PORNOGRAPHY FROM AGENCIES 
SEC. 201. PROHIBITION ON ACCESSING PORNO-GRAPHIC WEB SITES FROM FEDERAL COMPUTERS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall issue guidelines that prohibit the access of a porno-graphic or other explicit web site from a Federal computer. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition described in subsection (a) shall not apply to any Federal computer that is used for an investigative pur-pose that requires accessing a pornographic web site. TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PROBATIONARY PERIOD FOR CAREER EMPLOYEES 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF PROBATIONARY PERIOD FOR POSITIONS WITHIN THE COM-PETITIVE SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3321 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Presi-dent’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsections (c) and (d), the President’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (e); and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the length of a probationary period established under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) shall be— ‘‘(A) with respect to any position that requires formal training, a period of 2 years beginning on the date that such formal training is com-pleted; ‘‘(B) with respect to any position that requires a license, a period of 2 years beginning on the date that such license is granted; and ‘‘(C) with respect to any position not covered by subparagraph (A) or (B), not less than 2 years. ‘‘(2) The length of a probationary period es-tablished under paragraph (1) or (2) of sub-section (a) in the case of a preference eligible shall be not longer than— ‘‘(A) if the appointment (as referred to in sub-section (a)(1)) or the initial appointment (as re-ferred to in subsection (a)(2)) is to a position that exists on the effective date of this sub-section, the length of the probationary period which applies to such position as of such effec-tive date; or ‘‘(B) if the appointment (as referred to in sub-section (a)(1)) or the initial appointment (as re-ferred to in subsection (a)(2)) is to a position that does not exist on the effective date of this subsection, such length of time as the President may establish, consistent with the purposes of this subparagraph. ‘‘(3) In paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the term ‘formal training’ means, with respect to any position, a training program re-quired by law, rule, or regulation, or otherwise required by the employing agency, to be com-pleted by the employee before the employee is able to successfully execute the duties of the ap-plicable position; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘license’ means a license, certifi-cation, or other grant of permission to engage in a particular activity. ‘‘(d) The head of each agency shall, in the ad-ministration of this section, take appropriate measures to ensure that— ‘‘(1) any announcement of a vacant position within such agency and any offer of appoint-ment made to any individual with respect to any such position shall clearly state the terms and conditions of the probationary period applicable to such position; ‘‘(2) any individual who is required to com-plete a probationary period under this section shall receive timely notice of the performance and other requirements which must be met in order to successfully complete the probationary period; and ‘‘(3) upon successful completion of a proba-tionary period under this section, certification to that effect shall be made, supported by a brief statement of the basis for that certification, in such form and manner as the President may by regulation prescribe.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 3321(e) of title 5, United States Code (as so redesignated by subsection (a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Subsections (a) and (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘Sub-sections (a) through (d)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section— (1) shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) shall apply in the case of any appointment (as referred to in section 3321(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code) and any initial appoint-ment (as referred to in section 3321(a)(2) of such title) taking effect on or after the date on which this section takes effect. 
SEC. 302. APPEALS FROM ADVERSE ACTIONS. 
(a) S UBCHAPTER I OFCHAPTER 75 OFTITLE 5.—Section 7501(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1 year’’ the first place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘not less than 2 years’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘1 year’’ the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘2 years’’. (b) S
UBCHAPTER II OFCHAPTER 75 OFTITLE 5.—Section 7511(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘1 year’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘not less than 2 years’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘2 years’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘not less than 2 years’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b)— (1) shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) shall apply in the case of any individual whose period of continuous service (as referred to in the provision of law amended by para-graph (1) or (2) of subsection (b), as the case may be) commences on or after the date on which this section takes effect. TITLE IV—SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 401. BIENNIAL JUSTIFICATION OF SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE POSITIONS. 
Section 3133(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘positions’’ the following: ‘‘, with a justification for each position (by title and organizational location) and the specific result expected from each posi-tion, including the impact of such result on the agency mission,’’. 
SEC. 402. EXTENSION OF PROBATIONARY PERIOD FOR CAREER APPOINTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3393(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘1- year’’ and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3592(a)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘1-year’’ and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. 
SEC. 403. MODIFICATION OF PAY RETENTION FOR CAREER APPOINTEES REMOVED FOR UNDER PERFORMANCE. 
Section 3594(c)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B)(i) any career appointee placed under subsection (a) or (b)(2) of this section shall be entitled to receive basic pay at the highest of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.078 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4342 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(I) the rate of basic pay in effect for the posi-tion in which placed; ‘‘(II) the rate of basic pay in effect at the time of the placement for the position the career ap-pointee held in the civil service immediately be-fore being appointed to the Senior Executive Service; or ‘‘(III) the rate of basic pay in effect for the career appointee immediately before being placed under subsection (a) or (b) of this sec-tion; and ‘‘(ii) any career appointee placed under sub-section (b)(1) of this section shall be entitled to receive basic pay at the rate of basic pay in ef-fect for the position in which placed; and’’. 
SEC. 404. ADVANCED ESTABLISHMENT OF PER-FORMANCE REQUIREMENTS UNDER SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE PER-FORMANCE APPRAISAL SYSTEMS. 
Section 4312(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘on or’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 30 calendar days’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘in writing’’ after ‘‘commu-nicated’’. 
SEC. 405. AMENDMENTS WITH RESPECT TO AD-VERSE ACTIONS AGAINST CAREER APPOINTEES. 
(a) S USPENSION FOR 14 D AYS OR LESS FOR SEN-
IOREXECUTIVE SERVICE EMPLOYEE .—Paragraph (1) of Section 7501 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) ‘employee’ means— ‘‘(A) an individual in the competitive service who is not serving a probationary period or trial period under an initial appointment or who has completed 1 year of current continuous employ-ment in the same or similar positions under other than a temporary appointment limited to 1 year or less; or ‘‘(B) a career appointee in the Senior Execu-tive Service who— ‘‘(i) has completed the probationary period prescribed under section 3393(d); or ‘‘(ii) was covered by the provisions of sub-chapter II of this chapter immediately before ap-pointment to the Senior Executive Service; and’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF CAUSE AND PROCEDURE  
FORSUSPENSION AND TERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7543 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘mis-conduct,’’ and inserting ‘‘such cause as would promote the efficiency of the service, mis-conduct,’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘30’’ and inserting ‘‘15’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subchapter V of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 3593— (i) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘mis-conduct,’’ and inserting ‘‘such cause as would promote the efficiency of the service, mis-conduct,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘mis-conduct,’’ and inserting ‘‘such cause as would promote the efficiency of the service, mis-conduct,’’; and (B) in section 3594(a), by striking ‘‘mis-conduct,’’ and inserting ‘‘such cause as would promote the efficiency of the service, mis-conduct,’’. 
SEC. 406. MANDATORY LEAVE FOR CAREER AP-POINTEES SUBJECT TO REMOVAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6330. Mandatory leave for Senior Executive Service career appointees subject to removal ‘‘(a) In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ means an employee (as that term is defined in section 7541(1)) who has received written notice of removal from the civil service under subchapter V of chapter 75; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘mandatory leave’ means, with respect to an employee, an absence with pay but without duty during which such employee— ‘‘(A) shall be charged accrued annual leave for the period of such absence; and ‘‘(B) may not accrue any annual leave under section 6303 for the period of such absence. ‘‘(b) Under regulations prescribed by the Of-fice of Personnel Management, an agency may place an employee on mandatory leave for mis-conduct, neglect of duty, malfeasance, or such cause as would promote the efficiency of the service. ‘‘(c) If an agency determines that an employee should be placed on mandatory leave under sub-section (b), such leave shall begin no earlier than the date on which the employee received written notice of a removal under subchapter V of chapter 75. ‘‘(d) If a final order or decision is issued in favor of such employee with respect to removal under subchapter V of chapter 75 by the agency, the Merit Systems Protection Board, or the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, any annual leave that is charged to an employee by operation of this section shall be re-stored to the applicable leave account of such employee.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 6328 the following new item: ‘‘6330. Mandatory leave for Senior Executive Service career appointees subject to removal.’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Management shall prescribe regulations with respect to the leave provided by the amendment in subsection (a). 
SEC. 407. EXPEDITED REMOVAL OF CAREER AP-POINTEES FOR PERFORMANCE OR MISCONDUCT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE: EXPEDITED REMOVAL ‘‘§ 7551. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter— ‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ has the meaning given such term in section 7541(1), but does not include any career appointee in the Senior Exec-utive Service within the Department of Veterans Affairs; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘misconduct’ includes neglect of duty, malfeasance, or failure to accept a di-rected reassignment or to accompany a position in a transfer of function. ‘‘§ 7552. Actions covered ‘‘This subchapter applies to a removal from the civil service or a transfer from the Senior Executive Service, but does not apply to an ac-tion initiated under section 1215, to a removal under section 3592 or 3595, to a suspension under section 7503, to a suspension or removal under section 7532, to a suspension or removal under section 7542, or to a suspension or re-moval under section 713 of title 38. ‘‘§ 7553. Cause and procedure ‘‘(a)(1) Under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management, the head of an agency may remove an employee of the agency from the Senior Executive Service if the head de-termines that the performance or misconduct of the individual warrants such removal. If the head so removes such an individual, the head may— ‘‘(A) remove the individual from the civil serv-ice; or ‘‘(B) in the case of an employee described in paragraph (2), transfer the employee from the Senior Executive Service to a General Schedule position at any grade of the General Schedule for which the employee is qualified and that the head determines is appropriate. ‘‘(2) An employee described in this paragraph is an individual who— ‘‘(A) previously occupied a permanent posi-tion within the competitive service; ‘‘(B) previously occupied a permanent posi-tion within the excepted service; or ‘‘(C) prior to employment as a career ap-pointee at the agency, did not occupy any posi-tion within the Federal Government. ‘‘(3) An employee against whom an action is proposed under paragraph (1) is entitled to 5 days’ advance written notice. ‘‘(b)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 3594, any employee transferred to a General Schedule position under subsection (a)(1)(B) shall, beginning on the date of such transfer, receive the annual rate of pay applicable to such position. ‘‘(2) An employee so transferred may not be placed on administrative leave or any other cat-egory of paid leave during the period during which an appeal (if any) under this section is ongoing, and may only receive pay if the indi-vidual reports for duty. If an employee so trans-ferred does not report for duty, such employee shall not receive pay or other benefits pursuant to section 7554(e). ‘‘(c) Not later than 30 days after removing or transferring an employee under subsection (a), the applicable head of the agency shall submit to Congress notice in writing of such removal or transfer and the reason for such removal or transfer. ‘‘(d) Section 3592(b)(1) does not apply to an action to remove or transfer an employee under this section. ‘‘(e) Subject to the requirements of section 7554, an employee may appeal a removal or transfer under subsection (a) to the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board under section 7701, but only if such appeal is made not later than seven days after the date of such removal or transfer. ‘‘§ 7554. Expedited review of appeal ‘‘(a) Upon receipt of an appeal under section 7553(d), the Merit Systems Protection Board shall refer such appeal to an administrative judge pursuant to section 7701(b)(1). The admin-istrative judge shall— ‘‘(1) expedite any such appeal under such sec-tion; and ‘‘(2) in any such case, issue a decision not later than 21 days after the date of the appeal. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 7703, the decision of an administrative judge under subsection (a) shall be final and shall not be subject to any further appeal. ‘‘(c) In any case in which the administrative judge cannot issue a decision in accordance with the 21-day requirement under subsection (a)(2), the removal or transfer is final. In such a case, the Merit Systems Protection Board shall, within 14 days after the date that such re-moval or transfer is final, submit to Congress a report that explains the reasons why a decision was not issued in accordance with such require-ment. ‘‘(d) The Merit Systems Protection Board or administrative judge may not stay any removal or transfer under this section. ‘‘(e) During the period beginning on the date on which an employee appeals a removal from the civil service under section 7553(d) and end-ing on the date that the administrative judge issues a final decision on such appeal, such em-ployee may not receive any pay, awards, bo-nuses, incentives, allowances, differentials, stu-dent loan repayments, special payments, or ben-efits.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter VI of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall not apply to any personnel ac-tion against a career appointee (as that term is defined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.024 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4343 July 6, 2016 
States Code) that was commenced before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
ELATION TO OTHER AUTHORITIES .—The authority provided by such subchapter is in ad-dition to the authority provided under section 3592 or subchapter V of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE 5 .—Title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 3592(b)(2)— (i) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A); (ii) by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) any removal under subchapter VI of this title or section 713 of title 38.’’; (B) in section 3393(g), by striking ‘‘1215,, 3592, 3595, 7532, or 7543 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘1215, 3592, 3595, 7532, 7543, or 7553 of this title or section 713 of title 38’’; and (C) in section 7542, by striking ‘‘or to a re-moval under section 3592 or 3595 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘to a removal under section 3592 or 3595 of this title, to a suspension under sec-tion 7503, to a removal or transfer under section 7553, or a removal or transfer under section 713 of title 38’’. (2) T
ITLE 38 .—Section 713(f)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or subchapter V’’ and inserting ‘‘, chapter 43, or subchapters V and VI’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 7543 the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER VI —SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE : 
EXPEDITED REMOVAL  ‘‘7551. Definitions. ‘‘7552. Actions covered. ‘‘7553. Cause and procedure. ‘‘7554. Expedited review of appeal.’’. 
SEC. 408. MANDATORY REASSIGNMENT OF CA-REER APPOINTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3395(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3)(A) Consistent with the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (2), at least once every five years beginning on the date that a career ap-pointee is initially appointed to the Senior Exec-utive Service, each career appointee at an agen-cy shall be reassigned to another Senior Execu-tive Service position at the agency at a different geographic location that does not include the supervision of the same agency personnel or programs. ‘‘(B) The head of an agency may waive the re-quirement under subparagraph (A) for any ca-reer appointee if the head submits notice of the waiver and an explanation of the reasons for the waiver to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3395(a)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE V—OPM REPORT ON OFFICIAL TIME 
SEC. 501. REPORTING REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7131 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1)(A) Not later than March 31 of each calendar year, the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, in consultation with the Office of Man-agement and Budget, shall submit to each House of Congress a report on the operation of this sec-tion during the fiscal year last ending before the start of such calendar year. ‘‘(B) Not later than December 31 of each cal-endar year, each agency (as defined by section 7103(a)(3)) shall furnish to the Office of Per-sonnel Management the information which such Office requires, with respect to such agency, for purposes of the report which is next due under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) Each report by the Office of Personnel Management under this subsection shall in-clude, with respect to the fiscal year described in paragraph (1)(A), at least the following infor-mation: ‘‘(A) The total amount of official time granted to employees. ‘‘(B) The average amount of official time ex-pended per bargaining unit employee. ‘‘(C) The specific types of activities or pur-poses for which official time was granted, and the impact which the granting of such official time for such activities or purposes had on agen-cy operations. ‘‘(D) The total number of employees to whom official time was granted, and, of that total, the number who were not engaged in any activities or purposes except activities or purposes involv-ing the use of official time. ‘‘(E) The total amount of compensation (in-cluding fringe benefits) afforded to employees in connection with activities or purposes for which they were granted official time. ‘‘(F) A description of any room or space des-ignated at the agency (or its subcomponent) where official time activities will be conducted, including the square footage of any such room or space. ‘‘(3) All information included in a report by the Office of Personnel Management under this subsection with respect to a fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be shown both agency-by-agency and for all agencies; and ‘‘(B) shall be accompanied by the cor-responding information (submitted by the Office in its report under this subsection) for the fiscal year before the fiscal year to which such report pertains, together with appropriate comparisons and analyses. ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘official time’ means any period of time, regard-less of agency nomenclature— ‘‘(A) which may be granted to an employee under this chapter (including a collective bar-gaining agreement entered into under this chap-ter) to perform representational or consultative functions; and ‘‘(B) during which the employee would other-wise be in a duty status.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall be effective beginning with the report which, under the provisions of such amendment, is first required to be submitted by the Office of Personnel Management to each House of Congress by a date which occurs at least 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE VI—MIDNIGHT RULE RELIEF 
SEC. 601. MORATORIUM ON MIDNIGHT RULES. 
Except as provided under sections 603 and 604, during the moratorium period, an agency may not propose or adopt any midnight rule unless the Administrator finds the midnight rule will not result in any of the following: (1) An annual effect on the economy of $100,000,000 or more. (2) A major increase in costs or prices for con-sumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geographic re-gions. (3) Significant adverse effects on competition, employment, wages, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United States- based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and export markets. (4) A significant economic impact on a sub-stantial number of small entities. 
SEC. 602. SPECIAL RULE ON STATUTORY, REGU-LATORY, AND JUDICIAL DEADLINES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 602 shall not apply with respect to any midnight rule required by statute, other regulation, or judicial order to be proposed or adopted by a deadline that— (1) was established before the beginning of the moratorium period; and (2) occurs during the moratorium period. (b) PUBLICATION OF DEADLINES .—Not later than 30 days after the beginning of a morato-rium period, the Administrator shall identify and publish in the Federal Register a list of midnight rules covered by subsection (a). 
SEC. 603. EXCEPTION. 
(a) E MERGENCY EXCEPTION .—Section 602 shall not apply to a midnight rule if the President de-termines by Executive order that the midnight rule is— (1) necessary because of an emergency; (2) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws; (3) necessary for the national security of the United States; or (4) issued pursuant to any statute imple-menting an international trade agreement. (b) D
EREGULATORY EXCEPTION .—Section 602 shall not apply to a midnight rule that the Ad-ministrator finds is limited to repealing an exist-ing rule and certifies such finding in writing. The certification shall be published in the Fed-eral Register. 
SEC. 604. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
Any person or entity subject to the any mid-night rule promulgated in violation of this title is entitled to judicial review. 
SEC. 605. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs within the Office of Management and Budget. (2) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term under section 551 of title 5, United States Code, except such term does not include— (A) the Federal Election Commission; (B) the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System; (C) the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion; or (D) the United States Postal Service. (3) D
EADLINE .—The term ‘‘deadline’’ means any date certain for fulfilling any obligation or exercising any authority established by or under any Federal statute or rule, or by or under any court order implementing any Federal statute, regulation, or rule. (4) E
MERGENCY .—The term ‘‘emergency’’ means a declaration by the President of a state of emergency. (5) M
IDNIGHT RULE .—The term ‘‘midnight rule’’ means a rule proposed or adopted during the moratorium period. (6) M
ORATORIUM PERIOD .—The term ‘‘morato-rium period’’ means the day after the day re-ferred to in section 1 of title 3, United States Code, through January 20 of the following year, in which a President is not serving a consecu-tive term. (7) R
ULE.—The term ‘‘rule’’ has the meaning given that term under section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (8) S
MALL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘small entity’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small busi-ness’’ under section 601 of title 5, United States Code. TITLE VII—REQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN RECORDS 
SEC. 701. REQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN RECORDS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 31 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 3108. Requirement to maintain records ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—If the Internal Revenue Service obtains a preserved record, the Internal Revenue Service shall preserve for not less than 3 years from the date on which the record was obtained— ‘‘(1) the preserved record or a copy of the pre-served record; and ‘‘(2) all records related to the preserved record. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.024 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4344 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(b) P RESERVED RECORD DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘preserved record’ means any record that is maintained by a person other than the Federal Government pursuant to a rule, guidance, or other directive from the Inter-nal Revenue Service that requires or rec-ommends the person maintain records for a par-ticular period of time on a particular matter. ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as— ‘‘(1) limiting the preservation of a preserved record for a longer period of time than is re-quired by this section; or ‘‘(2) shortening the period of time a preserved record is otherwise required to be maintained.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 31 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘3108. Requirement to maintain records.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE; A PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall take ef-fect as of the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to any preserved record (as such term is defined in section 3108(b) of title 44, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a)) obtained on or after the effective date. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in the House Report 114–666. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–666. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 25, line 4, strike ‘‘sections 603 and 604’’ and insert ‘‘sections 602 and 603’’. Page 25, line 22, strike ‘‘Section 602’’ and insert ‘‘Section 601’’. Page 26, line 9, strike ‘‘Section 602’’ and in-sert ‘‘Section 601’’. Page 26, line 19, strike ‘‘Section 602’’ and insert ‘‘Section 601’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 803, the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. P
ALMER ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment makes technical changes to the bill to reflect the text of H.R. 4612, the Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016, as it was reported out of com-mittee. Mr. Chairman, my manager’s amend-ment simply makes a few technical and conforming changes to this important legislation. The amendment corrects a technical error in the language of title VI, and it also fixes references to sev-eral other sections within the bill, to reflect the obvious intent of the bill text. Mr. Chairman, I support this amend-ment and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, we have reviewed the Palmer amendment and find that it only makes technical changes to the bill, so I will not oppose it. However, it does nothing to improve the bill, which I will continue to op-pose. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–666. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, after line 13, insert the following new subsection: (b) I
NFORMATION SECURITY PROTOCOL .—An agency employee acting in the official capac-ity of the employee (other than the head of the agency) may not establish, operate, maintain, or otherwise permit the use of in-formation technology that is not certified by the appropriate Federal entity responsible for information security within the agency (either the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, the head of the agency, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Chief Information Officer of the agency, as applicable) as in compliance with the estab-lished information security policies, proce-dures, and programs. Page 2, line 14, strike ‘‘(b)’’ and insert ‘‘(c)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 803, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . 
POSEY  
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 2 in House Report 114–666 be modi-fied by the form I have placed at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment offered by Mr. P
OSEY : 
Page 1, line 3, strike ‘‘(other than the head of the agency)’’. Page 1, beginning on line 6, strike ‘‘within the agency’’. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is modi-fied. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of a genuine opportunity for us to learn from the failures of former ex-ecutive officials. This amendment will codify a prac-tice of security, accountability, and good government, which is already a policy at many of our Federal agencies today. Quite simply, it will prohibit Federal employees from using private, unsecure email servers to conduct official gov-ernment business in the future. This would ensure that the time and tax-payer money invested in the security of sensitive information will not be un-dermined by carelessness or misunder-standings. By passing this amendment, we will significantly improve the security of our government IT. It only takes one individual, one click of the mouse, on an insecure or unsecure system, to open the door to bad actors who seek to harm our Na-tion. By restricting the use of unsecure IT systems, we will empower Federal employees to hold each other account-able and take special care to conduct official business responsibly. I urge support of the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. b1715 Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment but do not oppose it, as modified by Representative POSEY . The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Maryland is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, it is not clear what this amendment does or what it is intended to do. I agree that there should be accountability for IT security, but we have had no hearings or other discussion on this issue. The Federal Information Security Manage-ment Act already ensures that senior agency personnel take responsibility for ensuring the agency systems are se-cure. Unfortunately, the amendment does nothing to address the larger under-lying problem with the bill, which would simply trample on Federal em-ployees’ due process protections and block the President from issuing crit-ical regulatory protections at the end of his term. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, it is vital that the former Secretary of State’s use of an unsecure email server does not send a message to other Federal employees that this is acceptable, that this manner of handling sensitive in-formation and conducting government business is appropriate. We cannot let another top executive completely trample the trust of the American peo-ple and potentially endanger American lives by mishandling sensitive intel-ligence. This amendment is really simple. It is a responsible step towards protecting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.024 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4345 July 6, 2016 
Federal IT systems and ensuring Amer-icans of the transparency and security that they want and that they deserve. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–666. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike sections 402, 405(b), 406, 407, and 408. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 803, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My amendment would strike sections 402, 405(b), 406, 407, and 408. While some reforms to the Senior Executive Serv-ice may well be necessary, these sec-tions go too far because they roll back significant due process rights for Fed-eral employees and raise potential con-stitutional issues. Section 402, which lengthens the pro-bationary period for SES employees from 1 year to 2 years, is unnecessary. There is no evidence to indicate that such a provision will help agencies deal with poor performers in the workplace. In fact, a Federal 2015 GAO report found that agencies are already using probationary periods but could be using them more effectively. Of the 3,500 Federal employees who were dis-missed in 2013, the majority were dis-missed during the probationary period. Instead of extending this period, we should be looking at ways to improve its use by agencies and increasing con-gressional oversight to ensure that the Federal workforce is operating at its best. Section 405(b) is similarly problem-atic. This section would allow an agen-cy to remove an SES employee from civil service entirely for poor perform-ance. Under current law, poor-per-forming employees, instead, are ini-tially downgraded to a GS position, a level at which they could perform very well. Even if they were poor performers at the SES level, they would not have been promoted in the first place if they had not achieved good records, but may not be good managers. This section also shortens the notice period from 30 days to 15, making it extremely dif-ficult for affected employees to exer-cise their due process rights. Section 406 represents a serious con-stitutional issue by giving agencies the authority to place an SES employee on mandatory leave, forcing these em-ployees to use their own accrued leave. This violates basic constitutional prin-ciples, as it is likely a taking of a vest-ed property right or it is a suspension that triggers due process rights. This mandatory leave provision has little chance of withstanding constitutional scrutiny and should be struck. Section 407 further represents an at-tack on Federal employees’ due process rights. This provision expedites the re-moval and appeals process and adopts provisions of other Federal law that is currently being challenged in the Fed-eral circuit. In a Statement of Administration Policy in opposition to this bill, the White House has said that the Presi-dent will veto it if it comes across his desk, at least in part because this sec-tion ‘‘would raise significant constitu-tional concerns under the Appoint-ments Clause and the Due Process Clause.’’ It is unlikely that this section could withstand constitutional scru-tiny and also should be struck now. Section 408 requires reassignment of SES employees to different geo-graphical locations, which is arbitrary, inflexible, and ignores the needs of in-dividual agencies. This provision is un-necessary, given that the President signed an executive order in November 2015 that would strengthen the Senior Executive Service by requiring agency heads to develop a 2-year plan for in-creasing the mobility of SES employ-ees. We may need reform legislation to deal with poor performers, Mr. Chair-man, but we cannot do so by rolling back due process rights and protections for Federal employees who, unlike pri-vate employees, are protected by the Constitution of the United States. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the proposed amend-ment of the gentlewoman from the Dis-trict of Columbia. Her amendment would eliminate pro-visions in the Government Reform and Improvement Act that deal with hold-ing members of the Senior Executive Service, or SES, accountable. For example, the amendment would strike section 402 of the bill, which ex-tends the probationary period for indi-viduals appointed to the SES from 1 to 2 years. Extending the probationary pe-riod allows Federal agencies to ensure that senior executives they hire are suitable for the job they hold. After the probationary period ends, it becomes much harder to remove an SES em-ployee not suited for the position. It is in the best interests of the American people that the members of the SES be fully vetted before their appointments become final. I should also note that section 1105 of the FY 2016 National Defense Author-ization Act established a 2-year proba-tionary period for new civilian hires at the Department of Defense. This good government reform is already in place at one of the largest Federal agencies, and we should extend it to the rest of the Federal Government as well. The amendment in question would also strip provisions that allow SES appointees to be removed for such cause as would promote the efficiency of the service and to be suspended without pay for less than 2 weeks for misconduct. These rules already apply to the vast majority of the Federal civil service, and they should apply to SES appointees as well. In addition, the gentlewoman’s amendment would eliminate a portion of the bill that gives agency heads au-thority to place on mandatory annual leave SES appointees facing removal for misconduct and prohibits the accu-mulation of additional leave during this period. It would also eliminate a provision that gives agency heads the authority to seek removal or transfer of senior executives based on poor per-formance or misconduct, and that would provide an expedited appeal process for the aggrieved employee. The American people deserve an ac-countable Senior Executive Service that plays by the same rules as other Federal civil service workers. They also deserve an SES staffed with highly qualified employees who can be effi-cient and effective in their jobs. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject the gentlewoman’s amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I re-mind the gentleman that SES employ-ees already have fewer rights than other employees because they are man-agement and that we have invested millions of dollars in them. We have gotten them into the SES, a very com-petitive service, in the first place, so this off-with-your-head approach pun-ishes the American people who may have perfectly fine employees at the SES level. But, for example, to indi-cate one of my amendments might downgrade them rather than getting rid of them, there are other provisions here that would doubtlessly not sur-vive constitutional scrutiny. Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.084 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4346 July 6, 2016 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 4 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . WATSON  
COLEMAN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–666. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 26, after line 23, insert the following new subsection: (c) R
EGULATORY FLEXIBILITY AGENDA EX-
CEPTION .—Section 601 shall not apply to a midnight rule that is published in the regu-latory flexibility agenda pursuant to section 602 of title 5, United States Code, and that has been included in the Unified Regulatory Agenda submitted pursuant to Executive Order 12886 (5 U.S.C. 601 note; relating to reg-ulatory planning and review) for at least one year. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 803, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Jersey. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to offer an amendment that would exempt from the bill’s morato-rium any rule that an agency has in-cluded in its regulatory plan for at least a year. Some proponents have said that the moratorium on rulemaking is intended to address rules that have been rushed through the process. My amendment would address that concern by keeping in place the proposed moratorium on the rules that have truly been rushed. However, it would allow rules that have been under consideration for at least a year to move forward. During the time between election day and Inauguration Day, the executive branch cannot take a break from ful-filling its constitutional and statutory responsibilities. Just as this Congress will meet to pass legislation in Novem-ber and December of this year, the ex-ecutive branch must be allowed to con-tinue doing its job of implementing crucial regulations to protect the envi-ronment and our constituents’ health and safety. For example, the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administra-tion has been working to implement crucial pipeline safety regulations since 2011, with extensive input from numerous groups. Just last month, this Congress passed the PIPES Act, which included provisions reflecting our bi-partisan concern that these pipeline safety rules need to be implemented soon to protect our constituents from the dangers of pipeline leaks. Without my amendment, certain pipeline safety rules could have to be delayed until a new administration, even though these rules have been under consideration for years, leaving the public safety at risk. In order to ensure important rules like these can be finalized, I urge my colleagues to adopt my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentle-woman’s amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, the amendment fundamentally misunder-stands the purpose of this bill. It cre-ates a loophole in the moratorium pe-riod for midnight regulations. The bill establishes a regulation moratorium period between election day and the start of a new President’s term to allow a new administration to start with a clean slate. This amendment would undermine that principle by allowing outgoing Presidents to simply put a marker down a year before the end of the term to circumvent the moratorium en-tirely. Further, pushing regulations out the door at the last minute reduces the effectiveness of regulatory review at the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs regardless of whether the public is aware that an agency is work-ing on the regulation. The unified regulatory agenda, while very important for notice and trans-parency, does not provide details on the regulation or the expected impact on the economy and small businesses. Simply notifying the public that an agency is considering regulating in a particular area is insufficient to ensure that regulatory analysis at the agency and at OIRA has been thoroughly eval-uated. Agencies can simply wait until the start of the next President’s term to issue regulations, giving everyone more time to make sure they have got-ten it right. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-ment, and I urge my colleagues to vote against it. I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ). Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire how much time is remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New Jersey has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment offered by one of the freshman stars of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Representative B
ONNIE WATSON COLE-
MAN. This amendment would exempt from the bill rulemakings that agencies have included in their regulatory plans for a year or more. Agencies are re-quired to submit to OMB twice a year a plan for rulemakings they plan to pursue. OMB publishes those plans twice a year as part of what is called the Unified Agenda. This amendment would still block any rule an agency tries to rush through the process. This amendment would not, however, block rules that have been through the proper proce-dures just because they happen to be fi-nalized during the last months of the administration. This amendment allows the focus to be on true so-called midnight regula-tions. If those rules are truly the tar-get of this bill, then the House should adopt this amendment. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, how much time is remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New Jersey has 2 minutes remaining. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, it is unfortunate that, yet again, some in this Congress refuse to accept that a President’s term is a full 4 years long. Passing this legislation would unnec-essarily impose new restrictions on the ability of Presidents to finish the work of their administration. Adopting my amendment would help ensure that well-vetted, necessary reg-ulations to protect health and safety are not blocked, while not undermining the stated purpose of this bill. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to adopt it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON  C
OLEMAN ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from New Jersey will be post-poned. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. L
UMMIS ) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal infor-mation systems, and for other pur-poses, had come to no resolution there-on. 
f 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GEN-ERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.088 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4347 July 6, 2016 
revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5485, and that I may include tabular mate-rial on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 794 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5485. The Chair appoints the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1735 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mrs. L
UMMIS in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RENSHAW ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. CRENSHAW. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Chair, I am pleased to present to the House the fiscal year 2017 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill. As you know, this bill funds a diverse group of agencies and activities, in-cluding financial regulators, tax collec-tion, the White House, the Federal courts, the District of Columbia, the General Services Administration, and the Small Business Administration. This bill is the product of eight hear-ings that we have had and the result of nearly 2,000 requests by Members from both sides of the aisle. The bill provides $21.7 billion for fis-cal year 2017. That is $1.5 billion less than last year, or a 6
1⁄2percent reduc-tion, and it is $2.7 billion, or 11 percent below the request. The subcommittee’s allocation is a significant reduction compared to 2016. Nonetheless, the allocation is suffi-cient to fund vital Federal programs as well as the one-time set-asides for the expenses of the Presidential transition. Among the priorities of this bill are law enforcement and the administra-tion of justice. Funding for the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas and the Drug-Free Communities programs are at record-high levels. The funding for the Treasury’s Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, the agency that enforces our sanction programs, received a substantial increase. In ad-dition, there is a healthy amount of funding for both the Federal and the D.C. judicial branches of government and for the supervision of offenders and defendants that live in our commu-nities. Another priority for the bill is sup-porting small businesses. As you know, small businesses are the backbone of our economy. They create jobs and grow the economy. This bill provides $157 million for the SBA’s business loan programs. That supports $28.5 billion of 7(a) lending and $7.5 billion of so-called 504 lending. The bill also provides record high amounts of funding for the SBA grant programs for veterans and women. It funds the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, the Treasury’s Commu-nity Development Financial Institu-tions Fund program. For the first time this year, we include funds to make sure that individuals with disabilities have access to the capital, financial services. In order to fund these programs at these high levels, we had to reduce funding in other areas. We cut funding for nearly two dozen agencies and pro-grams that can operate with a little bit less, like the Office of Management and Budget and the Federal Communica-tions Commission. The brunt of these reductions is borne by the Internal Revenue Service and the General Services Administra-tion. After all, those are the two agen-cies that receive most of the money under this appropriations bill, and they both have resent histories of inappro-priate behavior. While the bill reduces GSA funding for new construction by $1.1 billion, we provide a sizable amount for repairs and alterations for the existing Federal inventory. In addition, we continue to push GSA to develop an accurate in-ventory of Federal property and des-ignate funding for the GSA to use their existing space a little more efficiently. It has been 3 years and three Com-missioners since we first discovered that the IRS had betrayed the trust of the American people by singling out in-dividuals and groups of individuals, subjecting them to additional scrutiny based on their political philosophy, sometimes bullying them and intimi-dating them. You would think that maybe they would turn over a new leaf. But no, after these 3 years, they still have made a series of embarrassing management decisions, basically, at the expense of the consumer. To remedy this, the bill includes nu-merous provisions to reform the IRS. It reduces their funding by $236 million below the current level. But within their overall funding, we set aside $290 million to make sure that they im-prove customer service so that they put the taxpayer first and that they also work on cybersecurity and fraud prevention. To increase transparency and over-sight of agencies, the bill makes the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of Financial Research subject to the appropriations process. We change the CFPB’s leadership from a single director to a 5-member com-mission. We also require the Federal Communications Commission to make public any proposed rules they have 21 days before they actually vote on the rules. To prevent agency overreach, the bill gives businesses the opportunity to change their business model, to change their operations prior to being des-ignated as too big to fail or the so- called systemically important finan-cial institution, or SIFI. We require further study of CFPB rules on pre-dis-pute arbitration. In payday lending, we require court challenges to be resolved before the FCC implements its so-called net neu-trality order. We prohibit the FCC from regulating broadband rates and keep financing for manufactured hous-ing affordable. In addition, the committee still has strong concerns that the FCC seems to be prolonging their pattern of regu-latory overreach with its recent set-top box proposal. So we also include lan-guage that requires the FCC to stop and study this controversial rule before they can proceed any further. The telecommunications industry is more competitive than ever, more in-novative than ever; yet the Commis-sion has been more active than ever in trying to exert regulatory control over market innovation. To return the FCC’s focus toward mission critical work and away from politically charged rulemakings, this bill requires the FCC to do less with less. To give low-income families the op-tion of selecting a school that best meets their educational needs, the bill includes the text of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, the so-called SOARS Act, which passed the House last month. We also include two other bills that passed the House. One extends the bankruptcy code to large financial institutions and the other one establishes a small business advocate within the Securities and Exchange Commission. I want to thank Chairman ROGERS  and Ranking Member L
OWEY for their leadership and support in advancing this bill. I want to thank the members of the committee for their hard work. I certainly want to thank our hard-working staff for all the work that they have done. I especially want to say a word about the ranking member, Mr. S
ERRANO . As many of you know, I have decided to retire at the end of this term and leave this esteemed body. The last 4 years as chair of this subcommittee has been very interesting. It has been made even more pleasurable by my association with the ranking member, Mr. S
ERRANO . He has the unique perspec-tive of having chaired this sub-committee as well as serving as rank-ing member. I have a feeling he en-joyed being the chairman more than he enjoys being the ranking member, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.091 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4348 July 6, 2016 
nevertheless, he has been a great part-ner to work with. I am not sure that everything in this bill is to his liking, but I can tell you that his input has made this a better bill. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.092 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4349 July 6, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.092 H06JYPT1
Insert offset folio 861 here EH06JY16.001smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY 
Departmental Offices 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence .. 
Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence ... 
Cybersecurity Enhancement Account 
Department-wide Systems and Capital Investments 
Programs .. 
Office of Inspector General... . .......... . 
Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration. 
Special Inspector General for TARP .. 
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. 
Subtotal, Departmental Offices. 
Treasury Forfeiture Fund (rescission). 
Total, Departmental Offices 
Bureau of the Fiscal Service .. 
Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau. 
Franchise Fund. .. ........ 
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund Program Account .... ,, .... 
Payment of Government Losses in Shipment .. 
Total, Department of the Treasury, non-IRS. 
Internal Revenue Service 
Taxpayer Services .. 
Enforcement. 
Program integrity initiatives. 
Subtotal ........... . 
Operations Support ................. . 
Program integrity initiatives. 
Subtotal. 
Business Systems Modernization 
General Provision (Sec. 115).,. 
Total, Internal Revenue Service. FY 2016 
Enacted 
222,500 
117,000 
5,000 
35,416 
167,275 
40,671 
112,979 
700,841 
-700,000 
841 
363,850 
106,439 
233,523 
2,000 
706,653 
2,156,554 
4,860,000 4,860,000 
3,638,446 
3,638,446 
290,000 290,000 
11,235,000 FY 2017 
Request 
334,376 
(117,000) 
109,827 
5,000 
37,044 
169,634 
41,160 
115,003 
812,044 
-657,000 
155,044 
353,057 
106,439 
3,000 
245,923 
2,000 
865,463 
2,406,318 
4,984,919 
231,344 
5,216,263 
4,030,695 
283,404 
4,314,099 
343,415 
12,280,095 Bi 11 
250,000 
120' 000 
37,044 
169,634 
41 '160 
116' 000 
733,838 
-753,610 
-19' 772 
353,057 
111 '439 
250,000 
2,000 
696,724 
2,156' 554 
4,760, 000 
4,760,000 
3,502,446 
3,502,446 
290,000 
290,000 
10,999,000 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
+27,500 
+3,000 
·5,000 
+1 ,628 
+2,359 
+489 
+3,021 
+32,997 
-53,610 -20,613 
-10,793 
+5,000 
+16,477 
-9,929 
-100,000 
100,000 
-136,000 
·136,000 
·236,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-84,376 
(·117 ,000) +120,000 
-109,827 
-5,000 
+997 
-78,206 -96,610 
-174,816 
+5,000 
-3,000 
+4,077 
-168,739 
-249,764 
-224,919 
·231 '344 
-456,263 
-528,249 
-283,404 
-811 '653 
-53,415 
+290,000 
-1,281,095 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
Total, tine I, Department of the Treasury. 11,941,653 13,145,558 11,695,724 ·245,929 -1,449,834 Appropriations. (12,641 ,653) (13,802,558) (12,449,334) (-192,319) {-1 ,353.224) 
Rescissions .. (-700.000) (·657,000) (-753,610) (-53,610) (-96,610) (Mandatory). (2,000) (2,000) (2,000) 
(Discretionary) ...... (11 ,939,653) (13, 143,558) (11,693,724) (·245,929) (-1 ,449,834) 
==-============ :::;;;;:;:;:.:::::::::::::::::=::::===== =====::::::::;:;::::::;;::::::::::: ============== ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4350 July 6, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.092 H06JYPT1
Insert offset folio 861/1 here EH06JY16.002smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS 
APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT 
The White House 
Salaries and Expenses ............. . 
Executive Residence at the White House: 
Operating Expenses ........ . White House 
Repair and Restoration. 
Subtotal .. 
Council of Economic Advisers. 
National Security Council and Homeland Security 
Counci 1. . . ........ . 
Office of Administration 
Presidential Transition Administrative Support 
Total, The White House .. 
Office of Management and Budget. 
Office of National Drug Control Policy 
Salaries and Expenses ... 
High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program ..... 
Other Federal Drug Control Programs ..... 
Total, Office of National Drug Control Policy. 
Unanticipated Needs ... 
Information Technology Oversight and Reform. 
Special Assistance to the President and Official 
Residence of the Vice President: 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Operating Expenses. 
Subtotal .. 
Total, title II, Executive Office of the 
President and Funds Appropriated to the 
President 
TITLE III · THE JUDICIARY 
Supreme Court of the United States 
Salaries and Expenses: 
Salaries of Justices. 
Other salaries and expenses. 
Subtotal .. 
Care of the Building and Grounds .. 
Total, Supreme Court of the United States .. FY 2016 
Enacted 
55,000 
12,723 
750 
~~ .. -~~~-~~~~~-
13,473 
4' 195 
12,800 
96' 116 
181 '584 
95,000 
20,047 250,000 109,810 
.. ~-~----------
379,857 
800 
30,000 
4,228 
299 
4,527 
691,768 
2,557 
75,838 
78,395 
9,964 
88,359 FY 2017 
Request 
55,214 
12,723 
750 
-~~·-~~-M 
13,473 
4,201 
13,069 
96,116 
7.582 
w .. -- - ~ ------
... ~ .. --189,655 
100,725 
19,274 
196,410 
98,480 
-------
314,164 
1 '000 
35,200 
4,228 
299 4,527 645,271 
3,000 
76,668 
79,668 
14,868 
94,536 Bill 
55,000 
12' 723 
750 
-• ~ ~ ~ ~ -* .. -----
13,473 
4,200 
10,896 
96' 116 
7,582 ----------
187,267 
91 '000 
19,274 
253,000 
111.871 
384' 145 
25,000 
4,228 
299 
4,527 
691,939 
3,000 
76,668 79,668 
14,868 
94,536 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
........................ 
+5 
-1,904 
+7,582 +5,683 
-4,000 
-773 
+3,000 +2,061 
--~----.. ------
+4,288 
-800 
·5,000 
+171 
+443 
+830 
+1 ,273 +4,904 
+6' 177 Bill vs. 
Request 
-214 
... .......... ---
-1 
-2' 173 
-2,388 
-9,725 
+56,590 +13,391 
---------- ---
+69,981 
-1 ,000 
-10,200 
+46,668 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4351 July 6, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.092 H06JYPT1
Insert offset folio 861/2 here EH06JY16.003smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit 
Salaries and Expenses: 
Salaries of judges 
Other salaries and expenses. 
Total, United States Court of Appeals for the 
Federal Circuit. 
United States Court of International Trade 
Salaries and Expenses: 
Salaries of judges. 
Other salaries and expenses .. 
Total, U.S. Court of International Trade ..... 
Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial 
Services 
Salaries and Expenses: 
Salaries of judges and bankruptcy judges., ....... . 
Other salaries and expenses. 
Subtotal ... 
Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund .. 
Defender Services. 
Fees of Jurors and Commissioners .. 
Court Security. 
Total, Courts of Appeals, District Courts. and 
Other Judicial Services. 
Administrative Office of the United States Courts 
Salaries and Expenses .. 
Federal Judicial Center 
Salaries and Expenses. United 
States Sentencing Commission 
Salaries and Expenses., .. , 
Total, title III, the Judiciary. 
(Mandatory) .... 
(Discretionary) .. FY 2016 
Enacted 
2,922 
30,872 
33,794 
2,005 
18' 160 
-~~~~~------
20' 165 
417,000 
4,918,969 
--------------5,335,969 
6,050 
1,004,949 
44' 199 538 
'196 -~ .. -----------
6,929,363 
85,665 
27,719 
17' 570 -FY 2017 
Request 
3,000 
30,108 
33' 108 
2,000 
18,462 
20,462 
424,000 
5,045,785 .. ___________ 
5,469,785 
6,260 
1,056,326 
43,723 
565,388 
7,141,482 
87,748 
28,335 
18' 150 Bill 
3,000 
30,108 
33,108 
2,000 
18,462 
~ ---- ~ -- -
20,462 
424,000 
5,010,000 ------------
5,434,000 
6,260 
1 '056' 326 
43,723 
565,388 
7,105,697 
87,500 
28,200 
18,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+78 
-764 -686 
-5 
+302 
---~-----
+297 
+7,000 
+91 ,031 -- ~ .. ~---... ----
+98,031 
+210 
+51,377 -476 
+27' 192 -------- .. -
+176,334 
+1,835 
+481 
+430 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
---- ~---- ~----
-35,785 
-35,785 
-35,785 
-248 
-135 
-150 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
7,202,635 
(424,484) 
(6,778,151) 7,423,821 
(432,000) 
(6,991,821) 7,387,503 
(432,000) 
(6,955,503) +184,868 
(+7,516) 
(+177 ,352) -36,318 
(-36,318) 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4352 July 6, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.092 H06JYPT1
Insert offset folio 861/3 here EH06JY16.004smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE IV -DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
Federal Payment for Resident Tuition Support ...... 
Federal Payment for Emergency Planning and Security 
Costs in the District of Columbia. 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts .... 
Federal Payment for Defender Services in District of 
Columbia Courts. 
Federal Payment to the Court Services and Offender 
Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia .. 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Public 
Defender Service. 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Water and 
Sewer Authority. , ''.''' '' '' 
Federal Payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating 
Council , ... ' . ' . . ' . . ' 
Federal Payment for Judicial Commissions. 
Federal Payment for School Improvement. 
Federal Payment for the D.C. National Guard. 
Federal Payment for Testing and Treatment of HIV/AIDS. 
Federal Payment for the Federal City Shelter. 
Total, Title IV, District of Columbia ... FY 2016 
Enacted 
40,000 
13,000 
274,401 
49,890 
244,763 40,889 
14,000 
1,900 
565 
45,000 
435 
5,000 
========-====== 
729,843 
=============:::: FY 2017 
Request 
40,000 
34,895 
274,681 
49,890 
248,008 
41,829 
14,000 
2,000 
585 
43,200 
450 
5,000 
9,000 
::::::::::::::::;;:;;:.:::::::===== 
763,538 
::::::::::::::::;:;:::::::::-======= Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
20,000 -20,000 
40,000 +27,000 
274,541 +140 
49,890 
246,386 +1,623 
41,359 +470 
-14,000 
2,000 +100 
585 +20 
45,000 
450 +15 
5,000 
===::===-====== ============== 
725.211 -4,632 
======:======= ============== Bil1 vs. 
Request 
-20,000 
+5' 105 -140 
-1 '622 
-470 
-14,000 
+1 '800 
-9,000 
============== 
-38,327 
::::::;;;:::::::::::::::-::::::;:::;:::::::::::: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4353 July 6, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.092 H06JYPT1
Insert offset folio 861/4 here EH06JY16.005smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE V -OTHER INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Administrative Conference of the United States ... 
Consumer Product Safety Commission .. 
Election Assistance Commission. 
Federal Communications Commission 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Offsetting fee collections .. 
Direct appropriation 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
Office of Inspector General (by transfer). 
Deposit Insurance Fund (transfer). 
Federal Election Commission ............ . 
Federal Labor Relations Authority. 
Federal Trade Commission 
Salaries and Expenses. 
Offsetting fee collections (mergers). 
Offsetting fee collections (telephone) .. 
Direct appropriation. 
General Services Administration 
Federal Buildings Fund 
Limitations on Availability of Revenue: 
Construction and acquisition of facilities ... 
Repairs and alterations ........... .. 
Rental of space.,. 
Building operations .... , ...... ,, .. 
Subtotal, Limitations on Availability of 
Revenue. 
Rental income to fund. 
Total, Federal Buildings Fund Government-wide 
Policy. 
Operating Expenses. 
Civilian Board of Contract Appeals 
Office of Inspector General. 
Allowances and Office Staff for Former Presidents. 
Expenses, Presidential Transition 
Federal Citizen Services Fund. 
Pre-Election Presidential Transition. 
Information Technology Modernization Fund ... ,,,, .... ,, 
Total, General Services Administration., ... FY 2016 
Enacted 
3,100 
125,000 
9,600 
384,012 
-384,012 
(34,568) 
(-34,568) 
76,119 
26,200 
306,900 
-124,000 
-14,000 
-~--#--.-----
168,900 
1,607,738 
735,331 
5,579,055 
2,274,000 
~ M .. ~ R -----~ --
10,196,124 
-9,807,722 
388,402 
58,000 
49,376 
9' 184 
65,000 
3,277 
55,894 
13' 278 
-------------
642,411 FY 2017 
Request 
3,200 
130,500 
9,800 
358,286 
-358,286 
~-~ .. -.. ~---~~~ 
(35,958) 
(-35,958) 
80,540 
27,062 
342,000 
-125,000 
-15,000 
----------
202,000 
1,330,522 
841,617 
5,655,581 
2,350,618 
~ --.. --~ --
10' 178' 338 
-10,178,338 
------.------
64,497 
50' 174 
9,275 
66,000 
3,865 
9,500 
58,428 
100,000 
--------
361 '739 Bill YS. 
Bill Enacted 
3' 100 
121 '300 -3,700 
4,900 -4,700 
314,844 -69,168 
-314,844 +69,168 
~ ... ---~----
(35,958) (+1 '390) 
(-35,958) ( -1 '390) 
80,540 +4,421 26,631 
+431 
317' 000 +10' 100 
125,000 -1 '000 
-15,000 -1 .000 ----------
177,000 +8' 100 
504,918 -1,102,820 
758,790 +23,459 
5,645,000 +65,945 
2,336,100 +62' 100 ----.. -.. -.. -- ~ -~ .. ------- ~ 
9,244,808 -951,316 
-10,178,338 -370,616 -~,.-.. ------
-933,530 -1,321,932 
58,000 
47,966 -1 '41 0 
9,275 +91 
65,000 
1,932 -1 ,345 
9,500 +9,500 
55,894 
-13,278 
.......... ---__ .., .. _____ ,. __ ..,._ 
-685,963 -1,328,374 Bill vs. 
Request 
-100 
-9,200 
-4,900 
-43,442 
+43,442 
-431 
-25,000 
--------------
-25,000 
-825,604 
-82,827 
-10' 581 
-14' 518 ----- ~ -----
-933,530 -933,530 
-6,497 -2,208 
-1 '000 
-1 '933 
-2,534 
-100,000 -------------
1,047,702 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4354 July 6, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.092 H06JYPT1
Insert offset folio 861/5 here EH06JY16.006smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 {H.R. 5485) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2016 FY 2017 
Enacted Request Bi 11 Bi 11 vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
~~------- -~-~-- ~~ --.. -----.. ------ .. ----------------------------------
Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation ..... . Merit 
Systems Protection Board 
Salaries and Expenses .. 
Limitation on administrative expenses .......... . 
Total, Merit Systems Protection Board .... 
Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Morris K Udall and 
Stewart L. Udall Trust Fund. Environmental 
Dispute Resolution Fund. 
Total, Morris K. Udall and Stewart L Udall 
Foundation. 
National Archives and Records Administration 
Operating Expenses. Reduction 
of debt ... 
Subtotal. 
Office of Inspector General. 
Repairs and Restoration ........ . 
National Historical Publications and Records 
Commission Grants Program. 
Total, National Archives and Records 
Administration ... 
NCUA Community Development Revolving Loan Fund. 
Office of Government Ethics ... 
Office of Personnel Management 
Salaries and Expenses. .. .................. .. 
limitation on administrative expenses 
Subtotal, Salaries and Expenses. 
Office of Inspector General ........ . 
Limitation on administrative expenses ... 
Subtotal, Office of Inspector General. 
Total, Office of Personnel Management ........ . 1,000 
44,490 45,083 
2,345 2,345 
46,835 47,428 
1 '995 1,895 
3,400 3,249 
5,395 5' 144 
379,393 380,634 
-21 '208 -23,000 
358,185 357,634 
4,180 4,801 
7,500 7,500 
5,000 5,000 . ------------ ----------
374,865 374,935 
2,000 2,000 
15.742 16,090 
120,688 144,867 
124,550 144,653 ...................... .. 
245,238 289,520 
4,365 5,072 
22,479 26,662 
26,844 31,734 ----~ ... 
272,082 321,254 -1,000 
44,786 +296 -297 
2,345 ------------ .. ---------
47,131 +296 -297 
-1 ,995 -1,895 
-3,400 -3,249 ........................ .............. M ........... 
-5,395 ·5 ,144 
380,634 +1,241 
·23,000 -1 '792 
-..... ---.. -------
357,634 ·551 
4,801 +621 
7,500 
6,000 +1 ,000 +1,000 
--------- -------------
375,935 +1,070 +1. 000 
2.000 
16,090 +348 
144,867 +24. 179 
141.611 +17,061 ·3,042 ------- - M -- -~ ~ ~ -~ -~-.. --
286,478 +41,240 ·3,042 
5, 072 +707 
26,662 +4 ,183 
---~-----
31,734 +4,890 --~-------~ --------.... ~------
318,212 +46,130 -3,042 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4355 July 6, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.092 H06JYPT1
Insert offset folio 861/6 here EH06JY16.007smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of Special Counsel. 
Postal Regulatory Commission. 
Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight 
Securities and Exchange Commission .... 
SEC fees. Board. 
SEC Reserve Fund (rescission) ......... . 
Selective Service System. Small 
Business Administration 
Salaries and expenses .. 
Entrepreneurial Development Programs. 
Office of Inspector General ... 
Office of Advocacy .. 
Business Loans Program Account: 
Direct loans subsidy ... 
Administrative expenses. 
Total, Business loans program account 
Disaster Loans Program Account: 
Administrative expenses .. 
Disaster relief category .. 
Total, Small Business Administration ... 
Subtotal, Disaster Relief Category. 
General Provision (Sec. 532). 
United States Postal Service 
Payment to the Postal Service Fund ... 
Total, Payment to the Postal Service Fund. 
Office of Inspector General 
Total, United States Postal Service. 
United States Tax Court. 
Total, title V, Independent Agencies .. 
Appropriations .. 
Rescissions. . ............ . 
Disaster relief category. 
(by transfer) .. 
(Discretionary). FY 2016 
Enacted 
24' 119 
15,200 
21.297 
1,605,000 
-1,605,000 
-25,000 
22,703 
268,000 
231 '100 
19,900 
9' 120 
3,338 
152,726 
156' 064 
186,858 
871 '042 
55,075 
55,075 
248,600 
303,675 
51,300 
::::::=::::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::::::: 
3,053,585 
(3,078,585) 
( -25,000) 
(34,568) 
(3.053,585) 
:::!:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: FY 2017 
Request 
26,535 
17,726 
10,081 
1,781,457 
-1,781,457 
22,900 
275,033 230,600 
19,900 
9,320 
4,338 
152,726 
157,064 
27' 148 
158,829 
877,894 
158,829 
-55,000 
63,658 
63,658 
258,800 
322,458 
53,861 
============== 
2,858,147 
(2,754,318) 
(·55,000) 
(158,829) 
(35,958) 
(2,858,147) 
::::;::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::::: Bi 11 
25,735 
16,200 
8' 297 
1,555,000 
-1,555,000 
-75,000 
22,703 
268,000 243,100 
19,900 
9,320 
4,338 
152,726 
157,064 
185,977 
883,361 
-55,000 
41 '151 
41 '151 
258,000 
299,151 
51,300 
====::::::::::::::::::::::::::.::::::; 
1,663,623 
( 1 ,793' 623) 
(-130,000) 
(35,958) 
(1 '663' 623) 
=============== Bill vs. Enacted 
+1 '616 
+1 ,000 
-13,000 -50,000 
+50,000 
-50,000 
+12,000 
+200 
+1 ,000 
+1,000 
-881 
+12,319 
-55.000 
-13' 924 
-13,924 
+9,400 
-4,524 
::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::== 
-1,389,962 
(·1 ,284,962) 
(·105,000) 
(+1 ,390) 
( ·1 ' 389 '962) 
::::::::::=========== Bill vs. 
Request 
800 
-1 '526 
-1 '784 
-226,457 
+226,457 
-75,000 
-197 
-7,033 
+12,500 
+158,829 
-158,829 
+5,467 
-158,829 
-22,507 
·22,507 
·BOO 
-23,307 
-2,561 
============== 
-1,194,524 
( -960' 695) 
(-75,000) 
(-158,829) 
( ·1 '194' 524) 
============== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4356 July 6, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.092 H06JYPT1
Insert offset folio 861/7 here EH06JY16.008smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEFINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5485) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE VI -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Mandatory appropriations (Sec. 619) .. 
Total, title VI, General Provisions ... 
Grand total ..... 
Appropriations .... 
Rescissions. 
Disaster relief category 
(by transfer) 
Discretionary total .. FY 2016 
Enacted 
20,961,450 
:::;::'::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
20,961,450 
=============: 
44,580,934 
(45,305,934) 
(-725,000) 
(34,568) 
23,235,000 FY 2017 
Request 
21,376,450 
============== 
21,376,450 
=============::: 
46,212,785 
(46,765,956) 
(-712,000) 
(158,829) 
(35,958) 
24,427,335 Bill vs. 
Bi 1l Enacted 
21,376,450 +415,000 
============== ============::::= 
21,376,450 +415,000 
:::::::::=;;;;:::-:;::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ============== 
43,540,450 -1 '040' 484 
(44,424,060) (-881,874) 
{-883,610) (-158,610) 
(35,958) (+1 ,390) 
21,735,000 -1,500,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
============•= 
===::::========== 
-2,672,335 
(-2,341 ,896) ( 
-171, 610) 
(-158,829) 
-2,692,335 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4357 July 6, 2016 
Mr. SERRANO. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, let me also say that it has been a pleasure working with the gentleman from Florida. The big dif-ference being chairman and being ranking member—I will tell you a lit-tle secret—is that you get to speak first. Other than that, we have the same headaches to deal with. I want to tell you what a pleasure it has been. In the best sense of our de-mocracy, whatever I say here today is about the bill, not about you. If it was about our relationship, we would prob-ably have a different bill, anyway. But don’t tell your leadership I said that. b1745 Before I begin to address the sub-stance of this bill, let me just say that this is not what we should be consid-ering on the floor today. The American people have spoken loud and clear. It is long past time for this House to act to reduce gun violence. How many more tragedies must we endure before we do something in this Congress? How many more Columbines? How many more Newtowns? How many more Virginia Techs? How many more Orlandos? Enough is enough. It is time for this House to reject the NRA and enact strong gun laws, and as soon as pos-sible. Before the recess, Democrats stood in the well of the House and asked these questions. The Republicans ignored us. Upon their return this week, Repub-licans have tried to provide themselves with political cover. Suffice it to say that what they are proposing is not really enough. Americans are asking us to take ef-fective action and, instead, we are here debating another underfunded and hyperpartisan appropriations bill. This would be laughable if it were not so sad. The other side of the aisle can no longer look the American people in the face and tell them that effective action to reduce gun violence is not nec-essary. That is the first of many rea-sons why I rise in strong opposition to the bill before us today. While I truly appreciate the efforts of Chairman C
RENSHAW and Chairman R
OGERS to listen to the concerns of our side, which includes our leader, Mrs. L
OWEY , and to accommodate us when they could, their efforts have been overwhelmed by a deficient allocation and the large number of partisan riders that are part of this bill today. This bill is not the largest bill in the appropriations lineup, but it touches upon many areas that are crucial to the American people. From consumer protection, to financial markets regu-lation, to economic opportunity, to taxpayer information, this bill touches the lives of almost every person living in our Nation, and, sadly, this bill does a great disservice to many of them. There are some good portions of this bill that I will highlight briefly. The Community Development Financial In-stitutions Fund receives a substantial increase above last year, the Small Business Administration is also well funded, and our Federal judiciary will have the resources that it needs. But in a bill with more than 30 agen-cies, both large and small, that is a pretty short list. The reason it is so short is the inadequate allocation that this subcommittee received. This bill is $1.5 billion less than last year’s bill, a 6 percent cut. The result is that many agencies, large and small, have been se-verely cut. The IRS is cut $236 million from last year’s funding levels. From 2010 to 2015, the budget cuts have forced the IRS to cut its workforce by 18,000 employees. These cuts hurt more than the IRS, since it means our deficit will increase because more taxes won’t get collected, more tax cheats won’t face punish-ment, and more honest taxpayers won’t be able to get their questions answered by the IRS. The Securities and Exchange Com-mission is funded at $226 million below the President’s request and $50 million below last year. The SEC is our cop on the beat for Wall Street, and chron-ically underfunding our primary en-forcement arm for the financial mar-kets invites more wrongdoing. It is also problematic that the majority has sought to rescind the use of the SEC’s Reserve Fund, which is dedicated to IT upgrades. However, funding levels are not the only problem with this bill. The major-ity has chosen to include dozens of highly partisan riders in this bill. The sheer number and variety of these rid-ers injects partisanship into the appro-priations process in a way that I have not seen during my 26 years in Con-gress. Each rider caters to a different spe-cial interest group that supports the other party. From the Koch brothers, to anti-choice activists, to big corpora-tions, to the Tea Party, each category has a rider geared to help them. Unfor-tunately, the rest of the American peo-ple are seemingly out of luck. Let me highlight a few of the lowlights. Rather than helping pre-serve an open Internet, something that is crucially important to American consumers and businesses, this bill pre-vents the FCC from enforcing their net neutrality rule until the final disposi-tion of three pending lawsuits on this issue. The IRS is prevented from reforming the 501(c)(4) process that caused so much confusion and controversy. They are also prevented from enforcing the individual mandate of the Affordable Care Act, a move that the CBO says will result in a loss of revenue and which the rule provided a special waiv-er just to include. The SEC is prevented from requiring public corporations to disclose their political contributions. There are mul-tiple riders limiting women’s health decisions by and in the District of Co-lumbia and in the Federal healthcare exchanges set up by the Affordable Care Act. There are also numerous riders to try to hamstring the President’s efforts to conduct foreign policy with regard to Cuba, and there are riders attempting to roll back Dodd-Frank and the efforts of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to protect Americans. This list just scratches the surface. We are opposed to all of these riders and many others that I don’t have time to mention today. These riders have no business in the appropriations process. They highlight how the primary goal of this process has changed from funding our govern-ment to scoring political points, and I think that this bill is a sad demonstra-tion of that problem. The real loser in all of this is not Re-publicans or Democrats, but the Amer-ican people. This bill underfunds crit-ical priorities for working families. This bill is loaded down with riders geared toward special interests, but which truly harm taxpayers, con-sumers, investors, and businesses. Before I conclude, let me just men-tion that much of what has been added to the bill has little basis in reality. The majority knows that there is a veto threat by our President on the bill as currently constructed. Absent seri-ous changes to the overall funding level and the removal of these exces-sive riders, this is not a bill that will ever be signed into law. I hope that one day the majority accepts that reality and comes to the table to negotiate in good faith. But as it currently stands, this simply is not a bill that I can sup-port. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Madam Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), the chairman of the full Ap-propriations Committee. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. This bill is a bill that we all can sup-port. It provides $21.7 billion for finan-cial services and Treasury programs, the Federal judiciary, and small busi-nesses. This total is $1.5 billion below current levels and $2.7 billion below what was requested by the President. Within this allocation, the bill prioritizes funding where it will be best used and makes policy reforms that improve efficiency and accountability. To start with, the bill takes steps to address issues at the IRS, both cutting overall funding and including funding limitations to prevent the IRS from continuing their recent history of bad behavior. In total, the IRS is provided with $10.9 billion. That is $236 million below current levels. This holds the agency’s budget below fiscal 2008 levels, forcing the agency to streamline and focus on its core duties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.093 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4358 July 6, 2016 
Taxpayer services, however, are maintained at $2.1 billion and an addi-tional $290 million is directed to im-prove customer service, fraud preven-tion, and cybersecurity. The bill also includes policy items to correct recent transgressions, includ-ing prohibiting funding for a regulation related to the tax-exempt status of 501(c)(4) organizations, which could limit the First Amendment rights of citizens, and prohibiting funds for bo-nuses unless conduct and tax compli-ance is considered. The bill also includes provisions throughout designed to make the gov-ernment work better for the taxpayer. This includes increasing oversight by bringing the CFPB and the Office of Fi-nancial Research under the annual con-gressional appropriations process and changing the leadership of CFPB from one director to a five-member panel. The bill also peels back red tape across the government. This includes prohibiting the FCC from imple-menting the net neutrality order until court cases are resolved; requiring the FCC to refrain from continued activity on the set-top box rule until a study is completed; and prohibiting the FCC from requiring the disclosure of polit-ical contributions on SEC filings. The bill invests its funding in pro-grams that will protect Main Street Americans, helping them grow small businesses and making their commu-nities safer. The bill increases funding for Federal courts, as well as for important and ef-fective anti-drug programs like the Drug-Free Communities and High-In-tensity Drug Trafficking Areas pro-grams. The bill also includes $883 billion for the Small Business Administration, in-cluding full funding for veterans pro-grams, and increasing funding above the President’s request for Women’s Business Centers. The bill also includes the SEC Small Business Advocate Act, to help small businesses address the unique issues they face due to their size. Madam Chair, I want to thank the Financial Services Subcommittee and the hardworking staff, the ranking member, Mr. S
ERRANO , and particu-larly the chairman, Mr. C
RENSHAW . This will be his last bill at the helm of this subcommittee and one of his last appropriations bills in Congress. Over his tenure on the committee, he has been a faithful shepherd of tax-payer dollars and a dedicated servant to his district and to the Nation. His presence will be deeply missed by the Appropriations Committee and the en-tire House, but this final bill of Chair-man C
RENSHAW is certainly a high note to go out on. But we want to thank this Florida gentleman and great leader in this body for the great tenure he has had here and the great record he has built, especially this bill, which will be the last he will shepherd through. This bill improves the way the gov-ernment runs, makes responsible use of Federal funding, and invests in the right priorities. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SERRANO. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), our ranking member. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, before I begin, I would like to thank Chairman C
RENSHAW , Ranking Member S ERRANO , and Chairman R
OGERS for their efforts. And I also want to send my sincerest best wishes to my friend, Chairman C
RENSHAW . A
NDY, your willingness to work across the aisle, respect for this insti-tution and the Appropriations Com-mittee will be missed. I know we wish you continued success in whatever work you choose to pursue, but you will be missed here. Good luck to you. Democrats remain eager to support appropriation bills that invest appro-priately and are free of poison pill rid-ers. We have seen time and again that bills making irresponsible cuts to crit-ical priorities, or loaded with divisive and ideological riders, cannot be en-acted because Democrats will not sup-port them, and Republicans can enact them on their own. Unfortunately, the bill before us is an example of this di-lemma. b1800 It is already loaded with poison pill riders and surely will have more when we complete floor consideration. At $21.735 billion, a cut of 6 percent from current levels and 11 percent below the President’s request, it is no surprise which agencies would be sub-ject to impractical and inadequate funding levels. This bill would slash the IRS’ re-sources by $236 million, allowing more tax cheats to go undetected and pre-venting law-abiding Americans from receiving assistance. Similarly, funding the SEC at $226 million below the request would thwart its ability to protect investors. This is particularly egregious because the SEC is fee funded, and meeting the Commis-sion’s needs would not cost taxpayers a dime. I offered an amendment at the full committee markup that would have provided the SEC with the Presi-dent’s funding request. It was rejected, despite the fact that it would cost tax-payers nothing. Instead of investing in infrastruc-ture, the bill would gut and cut GSA construction and acquisition projects by $1.3 billion. It only partially funds a new headquarters for the FBI and does not fund the next phase of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s head-quarters, further delaying the ability to consolidate our homeland security apparatus into one location. Yet inadequate funding is only part of the story, and the long list of riders turns a bad bill into an example of the Republican majority’s unnecessary cul-ture war. Attacks on women’s health, interference in implementation of the Affordable Care Act and net neutrality, restrictive provisions on Cuba, and a demeaning effort to dictate local gov-ernance to Washington, D.C., are par-ticularly shameful. Once again, these misguided provi-sions unnecessarily jeopardize the suc-cess of the overall appropriations proc-ess. Despite these numerous short-comings, the bill adequately supports the Small Business Administration and would help communities combat the growing heroin epidemic by increasing the Drug-Free Communities program and the High Intensity Drug Traf-ficking Areas program. This bill provided the House with the opportunity to put investments ahead of politics. Unfortunately, the House Republican majority has no interest in these priorities. I urge my colleagues to vote against the bill. Mr. CRENSHAW. Madam Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Madam Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 5485, the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017. Not only does this bill provide nec-essary funding for many needed pro-grams, it also helps stop the adminis-tration from pushing burdensome and harmful regulations on the American people. For example, the CFPB recently an-nounced its intent to severely limit the availability of short-term loans, vehi-cle title loans, and similar financial products. H.R. 5485 contains language that would prevent CFPB from imple-menting this proposed regulation. While my colleagues on the other side of the aisle say that CFPB’s new proposal is an important step for con-sumer protection, they are wrong to think that CFPB’s actions will have a positive impact on the underserved. The CFPB’s proposal would eliminate a vital source of emergency funding for those who are unable to obtain loans from traditional lending institutions. While I will be the first to promote increased access to financial services for the underserved, eliminating short- term lending products is not the an-swer. Madam Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SERRANO. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the ranking member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Chairman, here we go again. It is appropriations season in the House of Representatives, so we know what that means: once again, the American public can bear witness to our Repub-lican colleagues’ underfunding our Wall Street cops on the beat and at-tacking Wall Street reform with end-less budget riders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.095 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4359 July 6, 2016 
Indeed, by my count, there were 34 separate Republican amendments filed to the Rules Committee that would un-dermine, undercut, or underfund our fi-nancial regulators. These amendments span the gamut of special interest give-aways—from undoing critical consumer protections to exposing investors to fi-nancial predation, to undermining fi-nancial stability. First, and perhaps most importantly, both the base bill and many of the amendments we are considering today stab at the heart of the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau, the sole regulator tasked with protecting stu-dents, servicemembers, seniors, and other borrowers in the consumer lend-ing marketplace. To name just a few of the provisions that would harm the CFPB, this bill would: end the Bureau’s independent funding; bog the CFPB down in grid-lock by replacing its efficient Director structure with a partisan, bureaucratic commission; halt the Bureau’s efforts to end forced arbitration clauses in credit card contracts and give con-sumers their day in court; rescind the CFPB’s guidance that helps to prevent racial and ethnic discrimination in automobile lending markets; defund the Bureau’s efforts to stop predatory lending to borrowers looking to pur-chase a manufactured home; and make it harder for the CFPB to bring en-forcement actions against bad actors. What is more, the bill would halt the CFPB’s efforts to stop the debt trap created by predatory payday lending. As a report released just last month by my office revealed, these lenders are adept at skirting State laws. That is why we need strong Federal rules of the road. Unfortunately, this bill would ensure that payday lenders can con-tinue to rip off our constituents and push them deeper into the cycle of debt. Democrats will offer amendments today to remove these harmful provi-sions in the bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to support our efforts. This bill also would cut funding for the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion—that is, the SEC—which oversees our growing, complex capital markets and needs sufficient resources to police them effectively. Republicans have shown us time and time again that they don’t want the SEC to be able to do its job. That is why they are proposing nearly 15 per-cent less than the SEC has said it needs to properly oversee the 26,000 market participants under its purview. It is also 3 percent less than the agency received last year, which already was a shoestring budget for a regulator tasked with implementing and enforc-ing significant aspects of Dodd-Frank, the JOBS Act, and other important legislation. To make matters worse, the bill, along with Republican amendments, would limit critical information for in-vestors in companies by rescinding cur-rent or future disclosure requirements on CEO pay, climate change, conflict minerals, and political spending by big corporations, as well as limiting share-holders’ ability to elect directors to corporate boards. Finally, the bill also undercuts the Financial Stability Oversight Coun-cil—that is, FSOC—which keeps our fi-nancial system safe by looking out for systemic risk throughout the system and closing the gaps in our once-frac-tured regulatory framework. Standing with other Democrats, I will offer amendments to strike some of the most harmful provisions of this bill. But make no mistake, even if these amendments were adopted, Democrats cannot support this legisla-tion, which so gravely underfunds and undermines Wall Street reform that it is fair to say it would expose us to an-other financial crisis. I strongly urge my colleagues to op-pose this very harmful legislation. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. G
RAVES ), one of the val-ued members of our subcommittee. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in support of the Fi-nancial Services and General Govern-ment Appropriations bill. As a member of the subcommittee, I am proud of the product that Chairman C
RENSHAW and each of the sub-committee members have produced this year. This bill provides critical re-sources that truly respect taxpayers. In fact, this legislation is $1.5 billion below last year’s spending level, and it is 2.7—almost $3 billion below what the President requested. In this year’s bill, we focused on peel-ing away excessive government regula-tions which have made it harder for all hardworking Americans to access the financial markets and the regulations that have depressed economic growth that we have all seen and experienced in our districts. Our bill brings the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau under the ap-propriations process, ensuring that the money it spends has proper oversight and is accountable to all the people’s representatives. We also eliminate a slush fund at the Securities and Exchange Commission which was created by Dodd-Frank. Additionally, this bill includes provi-sions that ensure the failure of any fi-nancial institution is dealt with through the time-tested process of bankruptcy and not through a bailout process. We included language that limits the disastrous too big to fail concept from expanding beyond the banking sector to nonbank institu-tions. These changes help curb some of the worst parts of the administration’s financial overreach over the past few years. In the bill, we also focus on improv-ing accountability at the government agencies, in particular, the IRS. Our commonsense reforms include prohib-iting the IRS from rehiring fired em-ployees, banning all their bonuses, out-lawing their ability to target groups based on political or religious beliefs, and cutting the agency by another $236 million. This in itself should be plenty of reason for all Members to support this bill and get excited about it. Now, while we have slashed the IRS by more than $1 billion and cracked down on its leadership over the last 5 years, we must continue keeping it on a short leash. Finally, this bill supports our Na-tion’s small businesses by prioritizing funding for the Small Business Admin-istration. Mr. Chairman, I ask all Members to support this good bill put together by Chairman CRENSHAW . Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), one of our great progressive voices who is a member of both the Appropriations and the Budg-et Committees. Sometimes they don’t get along, but that is her issue. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank our ranking member for his stel-lar leadership as our ranking member on this subcommittee and for his kind remarks. Also, I want to thank our chairman, Mr. C
RENSHAW , for working with our side of the aisle despite our differences. Mr. Chairman, I rise, though, in strong opposition to the fiscal 2017 Fi-nancial Services and General Govern-ment Appropriations bill. This is yet another spending bill filled with ideo-logically driven riders from House Re-publicans. Sadly, the bad provisions in this bill greatly outweigh the few good provi-sions, like increased funding for com-munity development financial institu-tions and the Small Business Adminis-tration’s Women’s Business Centers. Both have good provisions. Unfortu-nately, however, once again, my col-leagues across the aisle have chosen to score political points instead of doing the serious work of governing. Just to name a few, this bill includes numerous—numerous—dangerous and offensive riders, one to undermine the rule of law in the District of Columbia and deny low-income D.C. women their basic right to safe and affordable com-prehensive healthcare choices, includ-ing abortion. Now, the women of the District of Columbia should be allowed to make their own reproductive health choices, whatever health choices they deem they need, want, and desire. Repub-lican Members of Congress should not be interfering in the District of Colum-bia women’s health decisions. That is offensive, it is wrong, and they need to stop that. b1815 Another rider prevents the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from pro-tecting the hard-earned paychecks of American families. Another rider un-dermines our efforts to normalize rela-tions with Cuba after a 50-year failed policy by the United States of Amer-ica. This bill also blocks the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.096 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4360 July 6, 2016 
Communications Commission from en-suring a free and open Internet for all. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SERRANO. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 1 minute. Ms. LEE. These are just a few amend-ments that are unacceptable. Now, let me say, when I joined the Appropriations Committee, I was told legislating on appropriations bill was not allowed. Once again, the majority continues to violate the rules of the House, so I guess they just kind of make up these new rules as they write these bills, which is really irrespon-sible and totally unfair. The majority should consider the dis-service that they are doing to the American people by continuing to push through these woefully underfunded appropriations bills packed with these dangerous and partisan riders—these policy decisions that have been made on an appropriations bill. These bills hurt our economy, they stifle opportunities, they erode wom-en’s rights in the District of Columbia. Year after year, the most vulnerable Americans are pushed further into pov-erty because congressional Republicans keep underfunding many of these vital programs that are in this bill. I hope my colleagues will join me in opposition to this bill until Republican appropriators stop the political games-manship and get serious about funding our government to meet our Nation’s vital needs. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ), one of the hard-est-working members of our sub-committee. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member. As I sit here listening, I hear the words appropriately appropriate, poi-son pill riders, real losers American people, veto threats from the Presi-dent, accept reality, and I ask myself: Who do I work for? I don’t want to speak for any of my 434 other col-leagues. I don’t work for the President. I work for the 700,000 people that sent me here, just like other people work for people from different States. So the fact that I may disagree with the ad-ministration on something isn’t news to anybody in a congressional context. But I sit here and look at this and I am thinking: My God, we are inter-fering with women’s health directives. And I hear about the Affordable Care Act and the IRS cuts, and it is like I didn’t get a great grade in civics, but I got a good enough one. Part of this role is oversight. That is the key of appropriations. So we are conducting that because there are dif-ferences of opinion. While one side ad-vocates what they think is the right policy, the other side does the exact same thing. So to feign offense when somebody is doing what they think is right, I am not impugning the motives of anybody, but I have got to tell you, when I hear about interfering with women’s health decisions and I think about the ACA and they are mentioned in the same sentence, I am like: Wow, I missed something there. Dodd-Frank, CFPB, it is like oversight. Not that we don’t need it. We need some watchdogs on Wall Street, we need some watchdogs on those financial things. Quite frankly, when I hear about poi-son pill riders, how about poison injec-tion regulations? With all due respect, ideologically driven riders, how about ideologically driven regulations? We need to say what we think is appro-priate for the people who sent us here. No disrespect to this administration, although I wonder what foot the shoe would have been on 8 years ago, but I wasn’t here then because I am too young to remember that. I must say, it is like: Listen, we are going to disagree on policy. But to suggest somehow that because the Congress thought of something in the majority of this House that it is a poison pill rider and pretend like ev-erything that comes out of regulations, whether it is in financial services, health care, running the IRS, 501(c)(3)s, all those problems, it is like: You are darn right we better be doing our over-sight thing. And by the way, in the C I got in civics, the power of the purse is the biggest stick in oversight, and it should be used. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. HOYER ), the distinguished Democratic whip, for the purpose of en-tering into a colloquy. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The chairman and the ranking mem-ber know I have been working on the new consolidated Federal Bureau of In-vestigation headquarters project since 2007. This project remains a top pri-ority for the Maryland delegation. Bids, as the chairman knows, on the three sites under consideration were due in on June 22. Two of the sites under consideration for this new facil-ity, Greenbelt and Landover, are lo-cated in Maryland. We have been working at the Federal, State, and local levels to assemble competitive bids for our sites. We be-lieve that, in a fair and open competi-tion, Maryland has put forward sites and proposals that will ultimately be deemed a better fit for the FBI. However, as I have discussed with the chairman and the ranking member, I remain concerned about the General Services Administration’s recent re-duction in the estimated cost of relo-cating existing Federal facilities at the Springfield, Virginia, site. Since the cost of relocation of these facilities will be factored into the price for the Springfield site, we need to ensure that the GSA produces an accurate number that fully reflects the relocation costs that taxpayers will be asked to cover. My question for the chairman and the ranking member is: Will you agree to work with me to ensure that the GSA accurately reports the cost of any Federal facility relocation associated with these sites? In addition to that, I would ask: Do the gentlemen agree, the chairman and ranking member, that such trans-parency on the part of GSA is needed to ensure that the process for the siting of this facility is fair and pro-vides accurate information to munici-palities and developers competing to construct and house this critically im-portant FBI project? Mr. CRENSHAW. Well, let me thank the gentleman for bringing this to our attention. You have my assurance, as we have previously discussed, that I will work with you to make sure that this is an open and fair process all the way down the line. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I certainly rely on that representation and I appreciate it. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, I thank my friend, the distinguished whip from Maryland, for his continued involvement in this effort and his steadfast advocacy for making sure that the process sees that the new FBI headquarters is located on the best site possible. He also has my commitment that we will work to-gether to ensure that this is a fair process and that GSA provides all rel-evant information to prospective bid-ders accurately. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, the amendment that I was planning to offer tonight is related to the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission’s pro-posed rule 30e–3. If this rule, Mr. Chairman, is final-ized in its current form, Wall Street mutual fund companies could take away the paper statements that are re-ceived from their Main Street inves-tors by simply sending them a notice that their paper reports have been can-celed. Investors would only regain those reports, Mr. Chairman, if they re-turn a form opting back into paper. Now, this is particularly hurtful to the elderly, the poor, and those living in rural areas—all people who dis-proportionately lack broadband Inter-net access. Mr. Chairman, it is so easy to see how problems could occur with this current rule in its current form. Seniors could misunderstand the letter announcing their loss of paper reports and discard the letter, or an investor who sends in a request to continue to receive those paper statements, which could be lost in the mail. Mr. Chairman, my own parents, who are 86 and 88, struggle to even use a cell phone. How can we expect millions of our seniors across the country who live in rural areas with no Internet ac-cess to be able to log on to the Internet in order to receive critical mutual fund information? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.098 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4361 July 6, 2016 
Mr. Chairman, if this rule 30e–3 is im-plemented in its current form, I believe and fear that millions of our fellow Americans will be left out in an infor-mation desert. Americans need to know how much money they have saved, whether it be for a new home or for college or for their retirement. Congress should encourage savings and market confidence among our fam-ilies. At a time, Mr. Chairman, where 50 percent of the mutual fund assets are owned by our seniors, this rule in its current form does just the opposite. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CRENSHAW. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, over 90 percent of the comments submitted to the SEC on this issue conclude that investors do, in fact, want to retain their paper financial reports. Mr. Chairman, I ask Chairman C
REN-
SHAW today, please, for his support to ensure that a final rule on this issue from the SEC is fair to all investors, especially our small senior investors living in rural areas. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the gentleman for bringing this issue forward and thank him for the hard work that he has spent trying to let everyone know how important this is. As he pointed out, the proposed rule before the SEC would allow mutual funds and firms to post shareholder re-ports and quarterly portfolio holdings on their Web sites instead of having to print them and mail them. I understand his concerns of this ade-quate access to the Internet, espe-cially, as he points out, to the elderly or folks living in rural areas. I think the SEC rule should strike the right balance. As he knows, this rule is currently under review by the Commission. I think an amendment might have been premature, but I know this is impor-tant to him. I thank him again for bringing it for-ward. I am very happy to work with him and to work with the SEC to make sure this is a balanced rule. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We heard some comments on the House floor before about what people are offended at that my side speaks about, and the word ‘‘oversight’’ was used. I want to make it clear that I am the biggest supporter of oversight, but oversight does not mean destroying agencies, oversight does not mean cut-ting budgets down to a bare bone where they can’t function, oversight does not mean going after the IRS simply be-cause it is in some rule book that you always go after the IRS, oversight is not telling women what to do, and oversight is not telling the District of Columbia that it can’t have any kind of self-government because, given a choice, we would not allow the District of Columbia to do anything, including what is allowed to be done by the Con-stitution. I just want to clarify that point. I be-lieve—we believe—in oversight. But when you start oversight with the feel-ing that a zero budget would be the best way to go, when you start with a feeling of disrespect for the leader of our country, our President, when you start with a feeling that you got elect-ed to Congress to oppose everything that happens in Congress and that only you can clean up and fix Congress, as if it needed fixing, sometimes I may be the only one who says it, but there is gridlock and there is democracy. Sometimes people don’t agree, and when they don’t agree, that is healthy. Now, if they don’t agree all the time, just for foolish reasons, then it is grid-lock. But when we don’t agree because we don’t agree on philosophy, that is democracy at its best. In other places, the budget is always on time, but there is only one person making the decision. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, first, I want to thank Chairman C
RENSHAW for yielding and engaging in this colloquy and for all his hard work on the Appro-priations Committee, and specifically on Financial Services, as he navigates this last, final bill through the House floor. We are all grateful for his hard work. b1830 Mr. Chair, the amendment I was planning on offering tonight is related to my concerns with the potential mar-ket abuse surrounding the shorting of the stocks of small pharmaceutical companies. I am concerned about a new tactic by some market participants. There has been recent reporting in The Wall Street Journal and in the Fi-nancial Times that reveals a deceptive and manipulative practice by some hedge funds to challenge the legit-imacy of a drug patent while simulta-neously shorting the drug manufactur-er’s stock. These particular hedge funds game the system. What they do is short the stock. Then they publicize numerous patent challenges and pro-voke fear in the marketplace, drive down prices, and make a lot of money. I think this warrants further exam-ination by the SEC’s Division of En-forcement for potential violations of security law. I also believe the SEC should consider enhancing the disclo-sure regime for short positions. In-creased transparency, Mr. Chair, could help combat these types of attacks. This is not just an issue of inves-tigating the legality of the practice; it is also about the impact this practice has on the market and, more impor-tantly, on the millions of Americans who need these treatments. This af-fects Members of Congress, their staffs, their families, and people back home in their districts. We are talking about lifesaving drugs. The pharmaceutical industry, due to its unique relationship with its Federal regulator and the extraordinary time and upfront investment it takes to bring a drug to market, is particularly vulnerable to this kind of attack. Biotech companies rely heavily on their patents. An attack that is de-signed to undercut a company’s pat-ents and drive down its stock will, ulti-mately, discourage long-term invest-ment in innovation and slow drug de-velopment. Worse, it could derail the development of the next lifesaving cure for the people whom Members know in their families or in their districts. I appreciate Chairman CRENSHAW ’s engaging in this colloquy. Hopefully, the gentleman will give great consider-ation to this issue. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for bringing this issue up, and I thank him for his work in other areas of the financial services in-dustry. I know he is one of the hard-working Members who cares about what happens and about making sure that we keep our financial system or-derly and fair. I know a critical part of the SEC’s mission is to make sure that our mar-kets are fair and to make sure that they are orderly. I am happy to com-mit to working with the gentleman and to working with the SEC on this very important issue. Again, I thank the gentleman for bringing it to our atten-tion. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). Mr. STIVERS. I thank Chairman C
RENSHAW for his great work on this bill. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the un-derlying bill, which provides $21.7 bil-lion in funding and targets resources to programs across multiple agencies that will boost economic growth and oppor-tunity. It will protect consumers, pro-tect investors, promote an efficient Federal court system, and stop finan-cial crime. My colleagues will be pleased to know that the bill includes language that prohibits the IRS from targeting specific individuals who are exercising their First Amendment right. I support that language as well. The legislation also includes provi-sions that increase the oversight of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, or the CFPB. It puts the agency in the normal, annual appropriations process, like we are doing here today; and it replaces the single Director at the head of the agency with a five-per-son commission that is similar to those of other agencies that are charged with regulating our financial markets. I also want to take a moment to speak in support of bipartisan language in the bill that would pause the CFPB’s proposed rule on short-term lending. The Independent Community Bank-ers of America and the Credit Union National Association recently wrote the CFPB to voice their strong opposi-tion to this rule. They fear that this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.099 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4362 July 6, 2016 
rule will force them out of the short- term credit market and stop them from serving millions of consumers across our country. In fact, the CFPB’s own analysis says that 84 percent of current loan volumes will disappear as a result of this rule. The CFPB claims that community banks will make up for this shortfall, but the community banks, themselves, refute this. That is why, I think, we must keep the bipartisan language in the bill that pauses this short-term rule that could force millions of Americans to have no-where to turn for their financial needs. Mr. Chair, the CFPB’s proposed rule would put lenders out of business and leave these constituents with nowhere to turn. Millions of hardworking Amer-icans would not be able to deal with unexpected emergencies. That is why I urge Members to support the under-lying bill. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered read through page 265, line 9. The text of the bill through page 265, line 9, is as follows: 
H.R. 5485 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Depart-mental Offices including operation and maintenance of the Treasury Building and Freedman’s Bank Building; hire of passenger motor vehicles; maintenance, repairs, and improvements of, and purchase of commer-cial insurance policies for, real properties leased or owned overseas, when necessary for the performance of official business; execu-tive direction program activities; inter-national affairs and economic policy activi-ties; domestic finance and tax policy activi-ties, including technical assistance to Puerto Rico; and Treasury-wide management poli-cies and programs activities, $250,000,000: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not to exceed $350,000 is for official re-ception and representation expenses; (2) not to exceed $258,000 is for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s cer-tificate; and (3) not to exceed $57,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for— (A) the Treasury-wide Financial Statement Audit and Internal Control Program; (B) information technology modernization requirements; (C) the audit, oversight, and administra-tion of the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund; (D) the development and implementation of programs within the Office of Critical In-frastructure Protection and Compliance Pol-icy, including entering into cooperative agreements; and (E) cybersecurity. OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the necessary expenses of the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence to safe-guard the financial system against illicit use and to combat rogue nations, terrorist facilitators, weapons of mass destruction proliferators, money launderers, drug king-pins, and other national security threats, $120,000,000: Provided, That of the amount ap-propriated under this heading: (1) not to ex-ceed $27,500,000 is available for administra-tive expenses; and (2) $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $37,044,000, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and ex-pended under the direction of the Inspector General of the Treasury; of which up to $2,800,000 to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, shall be for audits and inves-tigations conducted pursuant to section 1608 of the Resources and Ecosystems Sustain-ability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act of 2012 (33 U.S.C. 1321 note); and of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses. 
TREASURY INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR TAX  
ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Treasury In-spector General for Tax Administration in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, including purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion; $169,634,000, of which $5,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2018; of which not to exceed $500,000 shall be avail-able for unforeseen emergencies of a con-fidential nature, to be allocated and ex-pended under the direction of the Inspector General for Tax Administration; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for official reception and representation ex-penses. 
SPECIAL INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE  
TROUBLED ASSET RELIEF PROGRAM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 343), $41,160,000. F
INANCIAL CRIMES ENFORCEMENT NETWORK  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and training expenses of non-Federal and foreign government personnel to attend meetings and training concerned with domestic and foreign financial intelligence activities, law enforcement, and financial regulation; serv-ices authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; not to ex-ceed $10,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and for assistance to Federal law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $116,000,000, of which not to exceed $34,335,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. TREASURY FORFEITURE FUND 
(RESCISSION)  Of the unobligated balances available under this heading, $753,610,000 are rescinded. B
UREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of operations of the Bureau of the Fiscal Service, $353,057,000; of which not to exceed $4,210,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, is for in-formation systems modernization initia-tives; and of which $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation ex-penses. In addition, $165,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to reimburse administrative and personnel expenses for fi-nancial management of the Fund, as author-ized by section 1012 of Public Law 101–380. A
LCOHOL AND TOBACCO TAX AND TRADE  B
UREAU  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of carrying out sec-tion 1111 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, including hire of passenger motor vehi-cles, $111,439,000; of which not to exceed $6,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses; not to exceed $50,000 for cooperative research and development programs for lab-oratory services; and provision of laboratory assistance to State and local agencies with or without reimbursement: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of accel-erating the processing of formula and label applications: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of programs to enforce trade practice violations of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). U
NITED STATES MINT 
UNITED STATES MINT PUBLIC ENTERPRISE FUND  Pursuant to section 5136 of title 31, United States Code, the United States Mint is pro-vided funding through the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund for costs asso-ciated with the production of circulating coins, numismatic coins, and protective services, including both operating expenses and capital investments: Provided, That the aggregate amount of new liabilities and obli-gations incurred during fiscal year 2017 under such section 5136 for circulating coin-age and protective service capital invest-ments of the United States Mint shall not exceed $30,000,000. C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL  I
NSTITUTIONS FUNDPROGRAM ACCOUNT  To carry out the Riegle Community Devel-opment and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (subtitle A of title I of Public Law 103– 325), including services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for EX–3, $250,000,000. Of the amount ap-propriated under this heading— (1) not less than $184,000,000, is available until September 30, 2018, for financial assist-ance and technical assistance under subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of section 108(a)(1), respec-tively, of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(a)(1)(A) and (B)), of which up to $2,882,500 may be used for the cost of direct loans: Provided, That the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $25,000,000; (2) not less than $6,000,000, notwithstanding subsections (d) and (e) of section 108 of Pub-lic Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(d) and (e)), is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.101 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4363 July 6, 2016 
available until September 30, 2018, to provide financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach to community devel-opment financial institutions to expand in-vestments that benefit individuals with dis-abilities; (3) not less than $16,000,000, notwith-standing section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)), is available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for financial assistance, technical assistance, training and outreach programs designed to benefit Native Amer-ican, Native Hawaiian, and Alaskan Native communities and provided primarily through qualified community development lender or-ganizations with experience and expertise in community development banking and lend-ing in Indian country, Native American or-ganizations, tribes and tribal organizations, and other suitable providers; (4) not less than $19,000,000 is available until September 30, 2018, for the Bank Enter-prise Award Program; (5) up to $25,000,000 is for administrative expenses, including administration of CDFI fund programs and the New Markets Tax Credit Program, of which not less than $2,000,000 is available for capacity building to CDFIs to expand investments that benefit in-dividuals with disabilities, and up to $300,000 is for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program; and (6) during fiscal year 2017, none of the funds available under this heading are avail-able for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of com-mitments to guarantee bonds and notes under section 114A of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4713a): Provided, That commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under such section 114A shall not exceed $250,000,000: Provided further, That such sec-tion 114A shall remain in effect until Sep-tember 30, 2017; Provided, that of the funds awarded under this heading, not less than 10 percent shall be used for awards that support investments that serve populations living in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for the purposes of the preceding proviso, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates. I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE  
TAXPAYER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to provide taxpayer serv-ices, including pre-filing assistance and edu-cation, filing and account services, taxpayer advocacy services, and other services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $2,156,554,000, of which not less than $6,500,000 shall be for the Tax Counseling for the Elder-ly Program, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for low-income taxpayer clinic grants, and of which not less than $15,000,000 to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, shall be available for a Com-munity Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return preparation assistance, and of which not less than $206,000,000 shall be available for oper-ating expenses of the Taxpayer Advocate Service: Provided, That of the amounts made available for the Taxpayer Advocate Service, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for identity theft casework. 
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for tax enforce-ment activities of the Internal Revenue Service to determine and collect owed taxes, to provide legal and litigation support, to conduct criminal investigations, to enforce criminal statutes related to violations of in-ternal revenue laws and other financial crimes, to purchase and hire passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)), and to pro-vide other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $4,760,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, and of which not less than $60,257,000 shall be for the Inter-agency Crime and Drug Enforcement pro-gram. OPERATIONS SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to support taxpayer serv-ices and enforcement programs, including rent payments; facilities services; printing; postage; physical security; headquarters and other IRS-wide administration activities; re-search and statistics of income; tele-communications; information technology de-velopment, enhancement, operations, main-tenance, and security; the hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); the oper-ations of the Internal Revenue Service Over-sight Board; and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be de-termined by the Commissioner; $3,502,446,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2018; of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended for acquisition of equipment and construction, repair and ren-ovation of facilities; of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for research; of which not to exceed $20,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for its major informa-tion technology investments, including the purpose and life-cycle stages of the invest-ments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the ex-pected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter: Provided further, That the Internal Revenue Service shall include, in its budget justification for fiscal year 2018, a summary of cost and schedule performance informa-tion for its major information technology systems. 
BUSINESS SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service’s business systems mod-ernization program, $290,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisi-tions, including related Internal Revenue Service labor costs, and contractual costs as-sociated with operations authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Inter-nal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for CADE 2 and Modernized e-File informa-tion technology investments, including the purposes and life-cycle stages of the invest-ments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and the strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the ex-pected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INTERNAL  
REVENUE SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to any other Internal Revenue Service appro-priation upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations. S
EC. 102. The Internal Revenue Service shall maintain an employee training pro-gram, which shall include the following top-ics: taxpayers’ rights, dealing courteously with taxpayers, cross-cultural relations, eth-ics, and the impartial application of tax law. S
EC. 103. The Internal Revenue Service shall institute and enforce policies and pro-cedures that will safeguard the confiden-tiality of taxpayer information and protect taxpayers against identity theft. S
EC. 104. Funds made available by this or any other Act to the Internal Revenue Serv-ice shall be available for improved facilities and increased staffing to provide sufficient and effective 1–800 help line service for tax-payers. The Commissioner shall continue to make improvements to the Internal Revenue Service 1–800 help line service a priority and allocate resources necessary to enhance the response time to taxpayer communications, particularly with regard to victims of tax-re-lated crimes. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available to the Internal Revenue Service by this or any other Act may be used to make a video unless the Service-Wide Video Editorial Board determines in advance that making the video is appropriate, taking into account the cost, topic, tone, and purpose of the video. S
EC. 106. The Internal Revenue Service shall issue a notice of confirmation of any address change relating to an employer mak-ing employment tax payments, and such no-tice shall be sent to both the employer’s former and new address and an officer or em-ployee of the Internal Revenue Service shall give special consideration to an offer-in-com-promise from a taxpayer who has been the victim of fraud by a third party payroll tax preparer. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target citi-zens of the United States for exercising any right guaranteed under the First Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideo-logical beliefs. S
EC. 109. None of funds made available by this or any other Act to the Internal Rev-enue Service shall be obligated or expended on conferences that do not adhere to the pro-cedures, verification processes, documenta-tion requirements, and policies issued by the Chief Financial Officer, Human Capital Of-fice, and Agency-Wide Shared Services as a result of the recommendations in the report published on May 31, 2013, by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration entitled ‘‘Review of the August 2010 Small Business/Self-Employed Division’s Con-ference in Anaheim, California’’ (Reference Number 2013–10–037). S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of any individual to carry out any transfer of funds to the Inter-nal Revenue Service under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) or the Health Care and Education 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4364 July 6, 2016 
Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 152). S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to implement or enforce section 5000A of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, section 6055 of such Code, section 1502(c) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), or any amendments made by section 1502(b) of such Act. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act to the Internal Rev-enue Service may be obligated or expended— (1) to make a payment to any employee under a bonus, award, or recognition pro-gram; or (2) under any hiring or personnel selection process with respect to re-hiring a former employee, unless such program or process takes into account the conduct and Federal tax compli-ance of such employee or former employee. S
EC. 113. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used in con-travention of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to confiden-tiality and disclosure of returns and return information). S
EC. 114. Except to the extent provided in section 6014, 6020, or 6201(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, none of the funds in this or any other Act shall be available to the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to any person a proposed final return or state-ment for use by such person to satisfy a fil-ing or reporting requirement under such Code. S
EC. 115. In addition to the amounts other-wise made available in this Act for the Inter-nal Revenue Service, $290,000,000, to be avail-able until September 30, 2018, shall be trans-ferred by the Commissioner to the ‘‘Tax-payer Services’’, ‘‘Enforcement’’, or ‘‘Oper-ations Support’’ accounts of the Internal Revenue Service for an additional amount to be used solely for measurable improvements in the customer service representative level of service rate, to improve the identification and prevention of refund fraud and identity theft, and to enhance cybersecurity to safe-guard taxpayer data: Provided, That such funds shall supplement, not supplant any other amounts made available by the Inter-nal Revenue Service for such purpose: Pro- vided further, That such funds shall not be available until the Commissioner submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a spending plan for such funds: Provided fur-ther, That such funds shall not be used to support any provision of Public Law 111–148, Public Law 111–152, or any amendment made by either such Public Law. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT  
OF THE TREASURY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 116. Appropriations to the Department of the Treasury in this Act shall be available for uniforms or allowances therefor, as au-thorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning; purchase of insurance for official motor vehicles oper-ated in foreign countries; purchase of motor vehicles without regard to the general pur-chase price limitations for vehicles pur-chased and used overseas for the current fis-cal year; entering into contracts with the Department of State for the furnishing of health and medical services to employees and their dependents serving in foreign coun-tries; and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. S
EC. 117. Not to exceed 2 percent of any ap-propriations in this title made available under the headings ‘‘Departmental Offices— Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, ‘‘Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program’’, ‘‘Financial Crimes Enforcement Network’’, ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service’’, ‘‘Community Develop-ment Financial Institutions Fund Program Account’’, and ‘‘Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau’’ may be transferred be-tween such appropriations upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer under this section may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. SEC. 118. Not to exceed 2 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration’s appropriation upon the ad-vance approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer may increase or decrease any such appro-priation by more than 2 percent. S
EC. 119. None of the funds appropriated in this Act or otherwise available to the De-partment of the Treasury or the Bureau of Engraving and Printing may be used to rede-sign the $1 Federal Reserve note. S
EC. 120. The Secretary of the Treasury may transfer funds from the ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service—Salaries and Expenses’’ to the Debt Collection Fund as necessary to cover the costs of debt collection: Provided, That such amounts shall be reimbursed to such salaries and expenses account from debt collections received in the Debt Collection Fund. S
EC. 121. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the United States Mint to construct or operate any museum without the explicit approval of the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, the House Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. S
EC. 122. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act or source to the Department of the Treasury, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and the United States Mint, indi-vidually or collectively, may be used to con-solidate any or all functions of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint without the explicit approval of the House Committee on Financial Services; the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate. S
EC. 123. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for the Department of the Treas-ury’s intelligence or intelligence related ac-tivities are deemed to be specifically author-ized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2017 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. S
EC. 124. Not to exceed $5,000 shall be made available from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing’s Industrial Revolving Fund for necessary official reception and representa-tion expenses. S
EC. 125. The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a Capital Investment Plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 30 days following the submission of the annual budget submitted by the Presi-dent: Provided, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include capital investment spend-ing from all accounts within the Department of the Treasury, including but not limited to the Department-wide Systems and Capital Investment Programs account, Treasury Franchise Fund account, and the Treasury Forfeiture Fund account: Provided further, That such Capital Investment Plan shall in-clude expenditures occurring in previous fis-cal years for each capital investment project that has not been fully completed. SEC. 126. Within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit an itemized report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the amount of total funds charged to each of-fice by the Franchise Fund including the amount charged for each service provided by the Franchise Fund to each office, a detailed description of the services, a detailed expla-nation of how each charge for each service is calculated, and a description of the role cus-tomers have in governing in the Franchise Fund. S
EC. 127. During fiscal year 2017— (1) none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by the Depart-ment of the Treasury, including the Internal Revenue Service, to issue, revise, or finalize any regulation, revenue ruling, or other guidance not limited to a particular tax-payer relating to the standard which is used to determine whether an organization is op-erated exclusively for the promotion of so-cial welfare for purposes of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (includ-ing the proposed regulations published at 78 Fed. Reg. 71535 (November 29, 2013)); and (2) the standard and definitions as in effect on January 1, 2010, which are used to make such determinations shall apply after the date of the enactment of this Act for pur-poses of determining status under section 501(c)(4) of such Code of organizations cre-ated on, before, or after such date. S
EC. 128. (a) Not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter, the Office of Finan-cial Stability and the Office of Financial Re-search shall submit reports on their activi-ties to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the pre-vious quarter by object class, office, and ac-tivity; (2) the estimated obligations for the re-mainder of the fiscal year by object class, of-fice, and activity; (3) the number of full-time equivalents within each office during the previous quar-ter; (4) the estimated number of full-time equivalents within each office for the re-mainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, ob-jectives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any such Committees specified in subsection (a), the Office of Fi-nancial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall make officials available to testify on the contents of the reports re-quired under subsection (a). S
EC. 129. During fiscal year 2017, the Office of Financial Research shall provide for a public notice period of not less than 90 days before issuing any proposed report, rule, or regulation. S
EC. 130. (a) Section 155 of Public Law 111– 203 is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘immediately’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘as provided for in appro-priation Acts’’ after ‘‘to the Office’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4365 July 6, 2016 
(2) In subsection (d), by striking the head-ing and inserting ‘‘ASSESSMENT SCHED-ULE.—’’. (b) The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2017. S
EC. 131. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended to provide for the en-forcement of any rule, regulation, policy, or guideline implemented pursuant to the De-partment of the Treasury Guidance for United States Positions on MDBs Engaging with Developing Countries on Coal-Fired Power Generation dated October 29, 2013, when enforcement of such rule, regulation, policy, or guideline would prohibit, or have the effect of prohibiting, the carrying out of any coal-fired or other power-generation project the purpose of which is to increase exports of goods and services from the United States or prevent the loss of jobs from the United States. S
EC. 132. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to approve, license, facilitate, authorize, or otherwise allow, whether by general or specific license, trav-el-related or other transactions incident to non-academic educational exchanges de-scribed in section 515.565(b)(2) of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 133. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to approve, li-cense, facilitate, authorize, or otherwise allow the use, purchase, trafficking, or im-port of property confiscated by the Cuban Government. (b) In this section, the terms ‘‘con-fiscated’’, ‘‘Cuban Government’’, ‘‘property’’, and ‘‘traffic’’ have the meanings given such terms in paragraphs (4), (5), (12)(A), and (13), respectively, of section 4 of the Cuban Lib-erty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023). S
EC. 134. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to approve, li-cense, facilitate, authorize, or otherwise allow any financial transaction with an enti-ty owned or controlled, in whole or in part, by the Cuban military or intelligence service or with any officer of the Cuban military or intelligence service, or an immediate family member thereof. (b) The limitation on the use of funds under this section does not apply to financial transactions with respect to exports of goods permitted under the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.) or to payments in further-ance of the lease agreement or other finan-cial transactions necessary for maintenance and improvements of the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, in-cluding any adjacent areas under the control or possession of the United States. (c) In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Cuban military’’ includes the Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces and the Ministry of the Interior, and their subsidiaries; and (2) the term ‘‘immediate family member’’ means a spouse, sibling, child (adopted or otherwise), parent, grandparent, grandchild, aunt, uncle, niece, or nephew. S
EC. 135. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to authorize a general license or approve a specific license under section 501.801 or 515.527 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to a mark, trade name, or commercial name that is the same as or substantially similar to a mark, trade name, or commercial name that was used in connection with a business or assets that were confiscated unless the original owner of the mark, trade name, or commercial name, or the bona-fide suc-cessor-in-interest has expressly consented. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘confiscated’’ has a meaning given such term in section 4(4) of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023(4)). SEC. 136. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Internal Rev-enue Service to make a determination that a church, an integrated auxiliary of a church, or a convention or association of churches is not exempt from taxation for participating in, or intervening in, any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any can-didate for public office unless— (1) the Commissioner of Internal Revenue consents to such determination; (2) not later than 30 days after such deter-mination, the Commissioner notifies the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate of such determination; and (3) such determination is effective with re-spect to the church, integrated auxiliary of a church, or convention or association of churches not earlier than 90 days after the date of the notification under paragraph (2). Consent under paragraph (1) may not be dele-gated. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Treasury Appropriations Act, 2017’’. TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT T
HEWHITE HOUSE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the White House as authorized by law, including not to exceed $3,850,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 105; subsistence ex-penses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 105, which shall be expended and accounted for as pro-vided in that section; hire of passenger motor vehicles, and travel (not to exceed $100,000 to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 103); and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses, to be available for allocation within the Executive Office of the President; and for necessary expenses of the Office of Policy Development, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, $55,000,000. E
XECUTIVE RESIDENCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Executive Residence at the White House, $12,723,000, to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 105, 109, 110, and 112–114. 
REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES  For the reimbursable expenses of the Exec-utive Residence at the White House, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That all reimbursable operating expenses of the Exec-utive Residence shall be made in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph: Pro- vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, such amount for re-imbursable operating expenses shall be the exclusive authority of the Executive Resi-dence to incur obligations and to receive off-setting collections, for such expenses: Pro- vided further, That the Executive Residence shall require each person sponsoring a reim-bursable political event to pay in advance an amount equal to the estimated cost of the event, and all such advance payments shall be credited to this account and remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require the na-tional committee of the political party of the President to maintain on deposit $25,000, to be separately accounted for and available for expenses relating to reimbursable polit-ical events sponsored by such committee during such fiscal year: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall ensure that a written notice of any amount owed for a reimbursable operating expense under this paragraph is submitted to the person owing such amount within 60 days after such ex-pense is incurred, and that such amount is collected within 30 days after the submission of such notice: Provided further, That the Ex-ecutive Residence shall charge interest and assess penalties and other charges on any such amount that is not reimbursed within such 30 days, in accordance with the interest and penalty provisions applicable to an out-standing debt on a United States Govern-ment claim under 31 U.S.C. 3717: Provided fur-ther, That each such amount that is reim-bursed, and any accompanying interest and charges, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropria-tions, by not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Act, a re-port setting forth the reimbursable oper-ating expenses of the Executive Residence during the preceding fiscal year, including the total amount of such expenses, the amount of such total that consists of reim-bursable official and ceremonial events, the amount of such total that consists of reim-bursable political events, and the portion of each such amount that has been reimbursed as of the date of the report: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall maintain a system for the tracking of expenses related to reimbursable events within the Executive Residence that includes a standard for the classification of any such expense as polit-ical or nonpolitical: Provided further, That no provision of this paragraph may be construed to exempt the Executive Residence from any other applicable requirement of subchapter I or II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. WHITE HOUSE REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improve-ment of the Executive Residence at the White House pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 105(d), $750,000, to remain available until expended, for required maintenance, resolution of safe-ty and health issues, and continued prevent-ative maintenance. C
OUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Council of Economic Advisers in carrying out its func-tions under the Employment Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.), $4,200,000. N
ATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL AND HOMELAND  S
ECURITY COUNCIL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Se-curity Council and the Homeland Security Council, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $10,896,000. O
FFICE OF ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ad-ministration, including services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $96,116,000, of which not to exceed $12,760,000 shall remain available until expended for continued mod-ernization of information resources within the Executive Office of the President. P
RESIDENTIAL TRANSITION ADMINISTRATIVE  S
UPPORT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of the Office of Administra-tion to carry out the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 and similar expenses, in addition to amounts otherwise appropriated by law, $7,582,000: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to other accounts that provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4366 July 6, 2016 
funding for offices within the Executive Of-fice of the President and the Office of the Vice President in this Act or any other Act, to carry out such purposes. O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Management and Budget, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, to carry out the provisions of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and to prepare and submit the budget of the United States Government, in accordance with section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, $91,000,000, of which not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for official representation expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Office of Management and Budget may be used for the purpose of reviewing any agri-cultural marketing orders or any activities or regulations under the provisions of the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 (7 U.S.C. 601 et seq.): Provided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the transcript of actual testimony of witnesses, except for testimony of officials of the Office of Management and Budget, before the Com-mittees on Appropriations or their sub-committees: Provided further, That of the funds made available for the Office of Man-agement and Budget by this Act, no less than three full-time equivalent senior staff positions shall be dedicated solely to the Of-fice of the Intellectual Property Enforce-ment Coordinator: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this or prior Acts shall be used, directly or indirectly, by the Office of Management and Budget, for evaluating or determining if water resource project or study reports submitted by the Chief of Engineers acting through the Sec-retary of the Army are in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and require-ments relevant to the Civil Works water re-source planning process: Provided further, That the Office of Management and Budget shall have not more than 60 days in which to perform budgetary policy reviews of water resource matters on which the Chief of Engi-neers has reported: Provided further, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall notify the appropriate author-izing and appropriating committees when the 60-day review is initiated: Provided fur-ther, That if water resource reports have not been transmitted to the appropriate author-izing and appropriating committees within 15 days after the end of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget review period based on the notification from the Director, Congress shall assume Office of Management and Budget concurrence with the report and act accordingly. O
FFICE OF NATIONAL DRUGCONTROL POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy; for research ac-tivities pursuant to the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469); not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses; and for participation in joint projects or in the provision of services on matters of mutual interest with nonprofit, research, or public organizations or agencies, with or without reimbursement, $19,274,000: Provided, That the Office is authorized to ac-cept, hold, administer, and utilize gifts, both real and personal, public and private, with-out fiscal year limitation, for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Office. FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
HIGH INTENSITY DRUG TRAFFICKING AREAS  
PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy’s High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, $253,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for drug control activities consistent with the approved strategy for each of the des-ignated High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (‘‘HIDTAs’’), of which not less than 51 percent shall be transferred to State and local entities for drug control activities and shall be obligated not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act: Provided, That up to 49 percent may be transferred to Fed-eral agencies and departments in amounts determined by the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, of which up to $2,700,000 may be used for auditing services and associated activities: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of Public Law 106–58, any unexpended funds ob-ligated prior to fiscal year 2015 may be used for any other approved activities of that HIDTA, subject to reprogramming require-ments: Provided further, That each HIDTA designated as of September 30, 2016, shall be funded at not less than the fiscal year 2016 base level, unless the Director submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate justifica-tion for changes to those levels based on clearly articulated priorities and published Office of National Drug Control Policy per-formance measures of effectiveness: Provided further, That the Director shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the initial allocation of fiscal year 2017 funding among HIDTAs not later than 45 days after enact-ment of this Act, and shall notify the Com-mittees of planned uses of discretionary HIDTA funding, as determined in consulta-tion with the HIDTA Directors, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds so transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein and upon notifi-cation to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation. 
OTHER FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For other drug control activities author-ized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469), $111,871,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available as follows: $97,000,000 for the Drug-Free Commu-nities Program, of which $2,000,000 shall be made available as directed by section 4 of Public Law 107–82, as amended by Public Law 109–469 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); $2,000,000 for drug court training and technical assistance; $9,500,000 for anti-doping activities; $2,121,000 for the United States membership dues to the World Anti-Doping Agency; and $1,250,000 shall be made available as directed by sec-tion 1105 of Public Law 109–469: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be transferred to other Federal departments and agencies to carry out such activities. I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT AND  R
EFORM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the furtherance of integrated, efficient, secure, and effective uses of information technology in the Fed-eral Government, $25,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget may transfer these funds to one or more other agencies to carry out projects to meet these purposes. SPECIAL ASSISTANCE TO THE PRESIDENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to enable the Vice President to provide assistance to the Presi-dent in connection with specially assigned functions; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 106, including subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 106, which shall be expended and accounted for as pro-vided in that section; and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,228,000. O
FFICIAL RESIDENCE OF THE VICEPRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the care, operation, refurnishing, im-provement, and to the extent not otherwise provided for, heating and lighting, including electric power and fixtures, of the official residence of the Vice President; the hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $90,000 pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 106(b)(2), $299,000: Provided, That advances, repayments, or transfers from this appropriation may be made to any department or agency for ex-penses of carrying out such activities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —EXECUTIVE OF-
FICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPRO -
PRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. From funds made available in this Act under the headings ‘‘The White House’’, ‘‘Executive Residence at the White House’’, ‘‘White House Repair and Restoration’’, ‘‘Council of Economic Advisers’’, ‘‘National Security Council and Homeland Security Council’’, ‘‘Office of Administration’’, ‘‘Spe-cial Assistance to the President’’, and ‘‘Offi-cial Residence of the Vice President’’, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (or such other officer as the Presi-dent may designate in writing), may, with advance approval of the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, transfer not to exceed 10 per-cent of any such appropriation to any other such appropriation, to be merged with and available for the same time and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided, That the amount of an appropriation shall not be increased by more than 50 percent by such transfers: Provided further, That no amount shall be transferred from ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’ or ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’ without the approval of the Vice President. S
EC. 202. Within 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall submit a report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the costs of implementing the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111– 203). Such report shall include— (1) the estimated mandatory and discre-tionary obligations of funds through fiscal year 2019, by Federal agency and by fiscal year, including— (A) the estimated obligations by cost in-puts such as rent, information technology, contracts, and personnel; (B) the methodology and data sources used to calculate such estimated obligations; and (C) the specific section of such Act that re-quires the obligation of funds; and (2) the estimated receipts through fiscal year 2019 from assessments, user fees, and other fees by the Federal agency making the collections, by fiscal year, including— (A) the methodology and data sources used to calculate such estimated collections; and (B) the specific section of such Act that au-thorizes the collection of funds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4367 July 6, 2016 
SEC. 203. (a) During fiscal year 2017, any Executive order or Presidential memo-randum issued or revoked by the President shall be accompanied by a written statement from the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget on the budgetary impact, including costs, benefits, and revenues, of such order or memorandum. (b) Any such statement shall include— (1) a narrative summary of the budgetary impact of such order or memorandum on the Federal Government; (2) the impact on mandatory and discre-tionary obligations and outlays as the result of such order or memorandum, listed by Fed-eral agency, for each year in the 5-fiscal-year period beginning in fiscal year 2017; and (3) the impact on revenues of the Federal Government as the result of such order or memorandum over the 5-fiscal-year period beginning in fiscal year 2017. (c) If an Executive order or Presidential memorandum is issued during fiscal year 2017 due to a national emergency, the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget may issue the statement required by sub-section (a) not later than 15 days after the date that such order or memorandum is issued. S
EC. 204. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of any officer or employee of the Executive Office of the President to pre-pare, sign, or approve statements abrogating legislation passed by the House of Represent-atives and the Senate and signed by the President. S
EC. 205. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of any officer or employee of the Executive Office of the President to pre-pare or implement an Executive order or Presidential memorandum that contravenes existing law. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Executive Office of the President Appropriations Act, 2017’’. TITLE III THE JUDICIARY S
UPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the operation of the Supreme Court, as required by law, ex-cluding care of the building and grounds, in-cluding hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and for miscellaneous expenses, to be expended as the Chief Justice may approve, $76,668,000, of which $1,500,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief justice and asso-ciate justices of the court. 
CARE OF THE BUILDING AND GROUNDS  For such expenditures as may be necessary to enable the Architect of the Capitol to carry out the duties imposed upon the Archi-tect by 40 U.S.C. 6111 and 6112, $14,868,000, to remain available until expended. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  F
EDERAL CIRCUIT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees, and for necessary expenses of the court, as au-thorized by law, $30,108,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. U
NITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL  T
RADE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees of the court, services, and necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $18,462,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. COURTS OF APPEALS , DISTRICT COURTS , AND O
THER JUDICIAL SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries of judges of the United States Court of Federal Claims, magistrate judges, and all other officers and employees of the Federal Judiciary not otherwise spe-cifically provided for, necessary expenses of the courts, and the purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for Probation and Pretrial Services Office staff, as authorized by law, $5,010,000,000 (including the purchase of firearms and ammunition); of which not to exceed $27,817,000 shall remain available until expended for space alteration projects and for furniture and furnishings related to new space alteration and construction projects. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of circuit and district judges (including judges of the territorial courts of the United States), bankruptcy judges, and justices and judges retired from office or from regular active service. In addition, for expenses of the United States Court of Federal Claims associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–660), not to exceed $6,260,000, to be ap-propriated from the Vaccine Injury Com-pensation Trust Fund. 
DEFENDER SERVICES  For the operation of Federal Defender or-ganizations; the compensation and reim-bursement of expenses of attorneys ap-pointed to represent persons under 18 U.S.C. 3006A and 3599, and for the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of persons fur-nishing investigative, expert, and other serv-ices for such representations as authorized by law; the compensation (in accordance with the maximums under 18 U.S.C. 3006A) and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to assist the court in criminal cases where the defendant has waived rep-resentation by counsel; the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent jurors in civil actions for the protection of their employment, as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1875(d)(1); the com-pensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed under 18 U.S.C. 983(b)(1) in connection with certain judicial civil for-feiture proceedings; the compensation and reimbursement of travel expenses of guard-ians ad litem appointed under 18 U.S.C. 4100(b); and for necessary training and gen-eral administrative expenses, $1,056,326,000, to remain available until expended. 
FEES OF JURORS AND COMMISSIONERS  For fees and expenses of jurors as author-ized by 28 U.S.C. 1871 and 1876; compensation of jury commissioners as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1863; and compensation of commis-sioners appointed in condemnation cases pursuant to rule 71.1(h) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (28 U.S.C. Appendix Rule 71.1(h)), $43,723,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the compensation of land commissioners shall not exceed the daily equivalent of the highest rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5332. 
COURT SECURITY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, incident to the provision of protec-tive guard services for United States court-houses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, and the procurement, in-stallation, and maintenance of security sys-tems and equipment for United States court-houses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, including building ingress- egress control, inspection of mail and pack-ages, directed security patrols, perimeter se-curity, basic security services provided by the Federal Protective Service, and other similar activities as authorized by section 1010 of the Judicial Improvement and Access to Justice Act (Public Law 100–702), $565,388,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended, to be expended directly or transferred to the United States Marshals Service, which shall be responsible for administering the Judicial Facility Security Program consistent with standards or guidelines agreed to by the Di-rector of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Attorney Gen-eral. ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED  S
TATES COURTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administra-tive Office of the United States Courts as au-thorized by law, including travel as author-ized by 31 U.S.C. 1345, hire of a passenger motor vehicle as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b), advertising and rent in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $87,500,000, of which not to exceed $8,500 is authorized for official reception and representation ex-penses. F
EDERAL JUDICIAL CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Ju-dicial Center, as authorized by Public Law 90–219, $28,200,000; of which $1,800,000 shall re-main available through September 30, 2018, to provide education and training to Federal court personnel; and of which not to exceed $1,500 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. U
NITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries and expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 58 of title 28, United States Code, $18,000,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —THEJUDICIARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. Appropriations and authoriza-tions made in this title which are available for salaries and expenses shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. S
EC. 302. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Judiciary in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Defender Services’’ and ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Fees of Jurors and Commis-sioners’’, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sections 604 and 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in section 608. S
EC. 303. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the salaries and expenses appro-priation for ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services’’ shall be available for official reception and represen-tation expenses of the Judicial Conference of the United States: Provided, That such avail-able funds shall not exceed $11,000 and shall be administered by the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts in the capacity as Secretary of the Judicial Conference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4368 July 6, 2016 
SEC. 304. Section 3314(a) of title 40, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘Federal’’ for ‘‘executive’’ each place it ap-pears. S
EC. 305. In accordance with 28 U.S.C. 561– 569, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States Marshals Service shall provide, for such courthouses as its Di-rector may designate in consultation with the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, for purposes of a pilot program, the security services that 40 U.S.C. 1315 authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to provide, except for the services specified in 40 U.S.C. 1315(b)(2)(E). For building-specific security services at these courthouses, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall reimburse the United States Marshals Service rather than the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. S
EC. 306. (a) Section 203(c) of the Judicial Improvements Act of 1990 (Public Law 101– 650; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended in the sec-ond sentence (relating to the District of Kan-sas) following paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘25 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘26 years and 6 months’’. (b) Section 406 of the Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2470; 28 U.S.C. 133 note) is amended in the second sentence (relating to the eastern District of Missouri) by striking ‘‘23 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘24 years and 6 months’’. (c) Section 312(c)(2) of the 21st Century De-partment of Justice Appropriations Author-ization Act (Public Law 107–273; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended— (1) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘14 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’; (2) in the second sentence (relating to the central District of California), by striking ‘‘13 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘14 years and 6 months’’; and (3) in the third sentence (relating to the western district of North Carolina), by strik-ing ‘‘12 years’’ and inserting ‘‘13 years’’. S
EC. 307. (a) Section 1871(b) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘$40’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.— The amendment made in subsection (a) shall take effect 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 308. (a) Section 2(a)(2)(A) of the Tem-porary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112-121) is amended by striking ‘‘subpara-graphs (B), (C), (D), and (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), and (H)’’. (b) Section 2(a)(2) of the Temporary Bank-ruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112-121) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) E
ASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN .—The 1st vacancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the eastern district of Michigan— ‘‘(i) occurring 6 years or more after the date of the enactment of this Act, and ‘‘(ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. ‘‘(G) D
ISTRICT OF PUERTO RICO .—The 1st va-cancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the district of Puerto Rico— ‘‘(i) occurring 6 years or more after the date of the enactment of this Act, and ‘‘(ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. ‘‘(H) E
ASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA .—The 1st vacancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the eastern district of Virginia— ‘‘(i) occurring 6 years or more after the date of the enactment of this Act, and ‘‘(ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled.’’. (c) Section 2(a)(2)(C) of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112-121) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as clauses (ii) and (iii), respectively; (2) by inserting before clause (ii), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(i) in the case of the 1st and 2d vacancies, occurring more than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act,’’; and (3) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘in the case of the 3d and 4th vacan-cies,’’ before ‘‘occurring more than 5 years’’. (d) Section 2(a)(2)(D)(i) of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112-121) is amended (with regard to the 1st and 2d va-cancies in the southern district of Florida) by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘6 years’’. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Judiciary Appropriations Act, 2017’’. TITLE IV DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FEDERAL FUNDS  
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR RESIDENT TUITION  
SUPPORT  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia, to be deposited into a dedicated account, for a nationwide program to be ad-ministered by the Mayor, for District of Co-lumbia resident tuition support, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including any interest ac-crued thereon, may be used on behalf of eli-gible District of Columbia residents to pay an amount based upon the difference be-tween in-State and out-of-State tuition at public institutions of higher education, or to pay up to $2,500 each year at eligible private institutions of higher education: Provided further, That the awarding of such funds may be prioritized on the basis of a resident’s aca-demic merit, the income and need of eligible students and such other factors as may be authorized: Provided further, That the Dis-trict of Columbia government shall maintain a dedicated account for the Resident Tuition Support Program that shall consist of the Federal funds appropriated to the Program in this Act and any subsequent appropria-tions, any unobligated balances from prior fiscal years, and any interest earned in this or any fiscal year: Provided further, That the account shall be under the control of the District of Columbia Chief Financial Officer, who shall use those funds solely for the pur-poses of carrying out the Resident Tuition Support Program: Provided further, That the Office of the Chief Financial Officer shall provide a quarterly financial report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for these funds showing, by object class, the expendi-tures made and the purpose therefor. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR EMERGENCY PLANNING  
AND SECURITY COSTS IN THE DISTRICT OF CO -
LUMBIA  For a Federal payment of necessary ex-penses, as determined by the Mayor of the District of Columbia in written consultation with the elected county or city officials of surrounding jurisdictions, $40,000,000, to re-main available until expended, for the costs of providing public safety at events related to the presence of the National Capital in the District of Columbia, including support requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service in carrying out protec-tive duties under the direction of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and for the costs of providing support to respond to im-mediate and specific terrorist threats or at-tacks in the District of Columbia or sur-rounding jurisdictions. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA COURTS  For salaries and expenses for the District of Columbia Courts, $274,541,000 to be allo-cated as follows: for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, $14,303,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, $124,800,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official re-ception and representation expenses; for the District of Columbia Court System, $74,783,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation ex-penses; and $60,655,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for capital improve-ments for District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided, That funds made avail-able for capital improvements shall be ex-pended consistent with the District of Co-lumbia Courts master plan study and facili-ties condition assessment: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Man-agement and Budget and obligated and ex-pended in the same manner as funds appro-priated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That 30 days after providing written notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Dis-trict of Columbia Courts may reallocate not more than $6,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading among the items and en-tities funded under this heading: Provided further, That the Joint Committee on Judi-cial Administration in the District of Colum-bia may, by regulation, establish a program substantially similar to the program set forth in subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for employees of the Dis-trict of Columbia Courts. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR DEFENDER SERVICES IN  
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS  For payments authorized under section 11– 2604 and section 11–2605, D.C. Official Code (relating to representation provided under the District of Columbia Criminal Justice Act), payments for counsel appointed in pro-ceedings in the Family Court of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia under chapter 23 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, or pursuant to contractual agreements to pro-vide guardian ad litem representation, train-ing, technical assistance, and such other services as are necessary to improve the quality of guardian ad litem representation, payments for counsel appointed in adoption proceedings under chapter 3 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, and payments authorized under section 21–2060, D.C. Official Code (re-lating to services provided under the District of Columbia Guardianship, Protective Pro-ceedings, and Durable Power of Attorney Act of 1986), $49,890,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided under this heading shall be administered by the Joint Committee on Judicial Adminis-tration in the District of Columbia: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, this appropriation shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Man-agement and Budget and obligated and ex-pended in the same manner as funds appro-priated for expenses of other Federal agen-cies. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE COURT SERVICES  
AND OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY FOR THE  
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4369 July 6, 2016 
Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, as au-thorized by the National Capital Revitaliza-tion and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997, $246,386,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 is for official reception and representa-tion expenses related to Community Super-vision and Pretrial Services Agency pro-grams, of which not to exceed $25,000 is for dues and assessments relating to the imple-mentation of the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency Interstate Super-vision Act of 2002; of which $182,564,000 shall be for necessary expenses of Community Su-pervision and Sex Offender Registration, to include expenses relating to the supervision of adults subject to protection orders or the provision of services for or related to such persons; and of which $63,822,000 shall be available to the Pretrial Services Agency: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and ex-penses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That amounts under this heading may be used for programmatic incentives for defendants to successfully complete their terms of supervision. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the District of Columbia Public Defender Serv-ice, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Government Im-provement Act of 1997, $41,359,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Man-agement and Budget and obligated and ex-pended in the same manner as funds appro-priated for salaries and expenses of Federal agencies. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE  
COORDINATING COUNCIL  For a Federal payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, to support initiatives related to the coordination of Federal and local criminal justice resources in the District of Columbia. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR JUDICIAL COMMISSIONS  For a Federal payment, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018, to the Commis-sion on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure, $310,000, and for the Judicial Nomination Commission, $275,000. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT  For a Federal payment for a school im-provement program in the District of Colum-bia, $45,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for payments authorized under the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10): Provided, That, to the extent that funds are available for opportunity scholarships and following the priorities included in section 3006 of such Act, the Secretary of Education shall make scholarships available to students eligible under section 3013(3) of such Act (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 211) including students who were not offered a scholarship during any previous school year: Provided further, That within funds provided for opportunity schol-arships $3,200,000 shall be for the activities specified in sections 3007(b) through 3007(d) and 3009 of the Act. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia National Guard, $450,000, to remain available until expended for the Major Gen-eral David F. Wherley, Jr. District of Colum-bia National Guard Retention and College Access Program. FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR TESTING AND  
TREATMENT OF HIV /AIDS For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia for the testing of individuals for, and the treatment of individuals with, human immunodeficiency virus and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the District of Columbia, $5,000,000. D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FUNDS  Local funds are appropriated for the Dis-trict of Columbia for the current fiscal year out of the General Fund of the District of Columbia (‘‘General Fund’’) for programs and activities set forth under the heading ‘‘Part A--Summary of Expenses’’ and at the rate set forth under such heading, as in-cluded in D.C. Bill 21-668, as amended as of the date of the enactment of this Act: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, except as provided in section 450A of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (section 1–204.50a, D.C. Official Code), sections 816 and 817 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (secs. 47–369.01 and 47–369.02, D.C. Official Code), and provisions of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for op-erating expenses for the District of Columbia for fiscal year 2017 under this heading shall not exceed the estimates included in D.C. Bill 21-668, as amended as of the date of the enactment of this Act, or the sum of the total revenues of the District of Columbia for such fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount appropriated may be increased by proceeds of one-time transactions, which are expended for emergency or unanticipated operating or capital needs: Provided further, That such increases shall be approved by en-actment of local District law and shall com-ply with all reserve requirements contained in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act: Provided further, That the Chief Financial Of-ficer of the District of Columbia shall take such steps as are necessary to assure that the District of Columbia meets these re-quirements, including the apportioning by the Chief Financial Officer of the appropria-tions and funds made available to the Dis-trict during fiscal year 2017, except that the Chief Financial Officer may not reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects: Provided further, That the Fiscal Year 2017 Local Budget Act is repealed. This title may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Appropriations Act, 2017’’. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
DMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED  S
TATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States, author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 591 et seq., $3,100,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018, of which not to exceed $1,000 is for official re-ception and representation expenses. B
UREAU OFCONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION  
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 501. Section 1017(a)(2)(C) of Public Law 111–203 is repealed. S
EC. 502. Effective October 1, 2017, notwith-standing section 1017 of Public Law 111–203— (1) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall not transfer amounts specified under such section to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection; and (2) there are authorized to be appropriated to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion such sums as may be necessary to carry out the authorities of the Bureau under Fed-eral consumer financial law. SEC. 503. (a) During fiscal year 2017, on the date on which a request is made for a trans-fer of funds in accordance with section 1017 of Public Law 111–203, the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate of such request. (b)(1) Any such notification shall include the amount of the funds requested, an expla-nation of how the funds will be obligated by object class and activity, and why the funds are necessary to protect consumers. (2) Any notification required by this sec-tion shall be made available on the Bureau’s public Web site. S
EC. 504. (a) Not later than 2 weeks after the end of each quarter of each fiscal year, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion shall submit a report on its activities to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the pre-vious quarter by object class, office, and ac-tivity; (2) the estimated obligations for the re-mainder of the fiscal year by object class, of-fice, and activity; (3) the number of full-time equivalents within each office during the previous quar-ter; (4) the estimated number of full-time equivalents within each office for the re-mainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, ob-jectives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any committee speci-fied in subsection (a), the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection shall make Bu-reau officials available to testify on the con-tents of the reports required under sub-section (a). S
EC. 505. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1011 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5491) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (b), (c), and (d); (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) M
ANAGEMENT OF THE BUREAU .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The management of the Bureau shall be vested in a Board of Direc-tors consisting of 5 members, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, from among individuals who— ‘‘(A) are citizens of the United States; and ‘‘(B) have developed strong competency and understanding of, and have experience working with, financial products and serv-ices. ‘‘(2) T
ERMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each member of the Board, including the Chairperson, shall serve for a term of 5 years. ‘‘(B) S
TAGGERED TERMS .—The members of the Board shall serve staggered terms, which shall initially be for terms of 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 years, respectively, and such members shall be appointed such that, after the appoint-ments of the initial 5 members of the Board, members of different political parties are ap-pointed alternately. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4370 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(C) R EMOVAL .—The President may remove any member of the Board for inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in office. ‘‘(D) V
ACANCIES .—Any member of the Board appointed to fill a vacancy occurring before the expiration of the term to which the predecessor of that member was ap-pointed (including the Chairperson) shall be appointed only for the remainder of the term. ‘‘(E) C
ONTINUATION OF SERVICE .—Each member of the Board may continue to serve after the expiration of the term of office to which that member was appointed until a successor has been appointed by the Presi-dent and confirmed by the Senate, except that a member may not continue to serve more than 1 year after the date on which the term of that member would otherwise expire. ‘‘(F) S
UCCESSIVE TERMS .—A member of the Board may not be reappointed to a second consecutive term, except that an initial member of the Board appointed for less than a 5-year term may be reappointed to a full 5- year term and a future member appointed to fill an unexpired term may be reappointed for a full 5-year term. ‘‘(3) A
FFILIATION .—Not more than 3 mem-bers of the Board shall be members of any 1 political party. ‘‘(4) C
HAIRPERSON OF THE BOARD .— ‘‘(A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The President shall appoint 1 of the 5 members of the Board to serve as Chairperson of the Board. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—The Chairperson shall be the principal executive officer of the Bureau, and shall exercise all of the executive and administrative functions of the Bureau, in-cluding with respect to— ‘‘(i) the supervision of personnel employed by the Bureau (other than personnel em-ployed regularly and full time in the imme-diate offices of members of the Board other than the Chairperson); ‘‘(ii) the distribution of business among personnel appointed and supervised by the Chairperson and among administrative units of the Bureau; and ‘‘(iii) the use and expenditure of funds. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—In carrying out any of the functions of the Chairperson under this paragraph, the Chairperson shall be governed by general policies of the Bureau and by such regulatory decisions, findings, and deter-minations as the Bureau may by law be au-thorized to make. ‘‘(D) R
EQUESTS OR ESTIMATES RELATED TO  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Any request or estimate for regular, supplemental, or deficiency ap-propriations on behalf of the Bureau, includ-ing any request for a transfer of funds under section 1017(a), may not be submitted by the Chairperson without the prior approval of the Board. ‘‘(E) V
ACANCY .—The President may des-ignate a member of the Board to serve as Acting Chairperson in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chairperson. ‘‘(5) C
OMPENSATION .— ‘‘(A) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson shall receive compensation at the rate prescribed for level I of the Executive Schedule under section 5312 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) O
THER MEMBERS OF THE BOARD .—The 4 members of the Board other than the Chair-person shall each receive compensation at the rate prescribed for level II of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(6) O
THER EMPLOYMENT PROHIBITED .—A member of the Board may not engage in any other business, vocation, or employment.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
ONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION ACT OF  
2010.—The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amend-ed— (A) in section 1002 (12 U.S.C. 5481)— (i) by striking paragraph (10) and inserting: ‘‘(10) BOARD .—The term ‘Board’ means the Board of Directors of the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection.’’; and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (29) the following: ‘‘(30) C
HAIRPERSON .—The term ‘Chair-person’ means the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection.’’; (B) in section 1012 (12 U.S.C. 5492)— (i) in subsection (a)(8), by striking ‘‘ap-pointed and supervised by the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘appointed by the Board and super-vised by the Chairperson’’; (ii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor’’ and inserting ‘‘Board’’; and (iii) in subsection (c)— (I) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor’’ and inserting ‘‘Board’’; and (II) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘the Di-rector’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘any member of the Board’’; (C) in section 1013 (12 U.S.C. 5493)— (i) in subsections (a), (b), (d), and (e), by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (ii) in subsection (c)— (I) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; and (II) in paragraph (3)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Assistant Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Head of Office’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘the Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; (iii) in subsection (g)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Board’’; and (II) in paragraph (2)— (aa) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘H EAD 
OF THE OFFICE ’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘an assistant director’’ and inserting ‘‘the Head of the Office of Fi-nancial Protection for Older Americans’’; (D) in section 1014 (12 U.S.C. 5494), by strik-ing ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (E) in section 1016(a) (12 U.S.C. 5496(a)), by striking ‘‘Director of the Bureau’’ and in-serting ‘‘Chairperson’’; (F) in section 1017— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (II) in paragraph (4)— (aa) in subparagraph (A)— (AA) by striking ‘‘Director shall’’ and in-serting ‘‘Board shall’’; (BB) by striking ‘‘Director,’’ and inserting ‘‘Board,’’; and (CC) by striking ‘‘Director in’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Board in’’; (bb) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘Di-rector’’ and inserting ‘‘Board’’; and (cc) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘Di-rector to’’ and inserting ‘‘Board to’’; and (III) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking ‘‘Di-rector of the Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘Chair-person’’; (ii) in subsection (c)(1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Director,’’ and inserting ‘‘Board,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Director and’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the members of the Board and’’; and (iii) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘Board’’; (G) in subtitles B (12 U.S.C. 5511 et seq.), C (12 U.S.C. 5531 et seq.), and G (12 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.), by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (H) in section 1061(c)(2)(C)(i) (12 U.S.C. 5581(c)(2)(C)(i)), by striking ‘‘the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘the National Credit Union Admin-istration Board’’; and (I) in section 1066(a) (12 U.S.C. 5586(a)), by inserting ‘‘first’’ before ‘‘Director’’. (2) FINANCIAL STABILITY ACT OF 2010 .—Sec- tion 111(b)(1)(D) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5321(b)(1)(D)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Director of the Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘Chairperson of the Board of Direc-tors of the Bureau’’. (3) M
ORTGAGE REFORM AND ANTI -PREDATORY  
LENDING ACT .—Section 1447 of the Mortgage Reform and Anti-Predatory Lending Act (12 U.S.C. 1701p–2) is amended by striking ‘‘Di-rector’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘Board of Directors’’. (4) E
LECTRONIC FUND TRANSFER ACT .—Sec- tion 920(a)(4)(C) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693o–2(a)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘Director of the Bu-reau’’ and inserting ‘‘Board of Directors of the Bureau’’. (5) E
XPEDITED FUNDS AVAILABILITY ACT .— The Expedited Funds Availability Act (12 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘Director of the Bureau’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Board of Direc-tors of the Bureau’’. (6) F
EDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT .—Sec- tion 2 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1812) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Chair-person of the Board of Directors of the Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘Comp-troller or Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Comp-troller or Chairperson’’. (7) F
EDERAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAM -
INATION COUNCIL ACT OF 1978 .—Section 1004(a)(4) of the Federal Financial Institu-tions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3303(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘Di-rector of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection’’. (8) F
INANCIAL LITERACY AND EDUCATION IM -
PROVEMENT ACT .—Section 513 of the Finan-cial Literacy and Education Improvement Act (20 U.S.C. 9702) is amended by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Chairperson of the Board of Direc-tors’’. (9) H
OME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ACT OF  
1975.—Section 307 of the Home Mortgage Dis-closure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2806) is amended by striking ‘‘Director of the Bureau of Con-sumer’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘Board of Directors of the Bureau of Consumer’’. (10) I
NTERSTATE LAND SALES FULL DISCLO -
SURE ACT .—The Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act (15 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 1402(1) (15 U.S.C. 1701(1)), by striking ‘‘‘Director’ means the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘‘Board’ means the Board of Directors’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (C) in section 1403(c) (15 U.S.C. 1702(c))— (i) by striking ‘‘by him’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Board’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; (D) in section 1407 (15 U.S.C. 1706)— (i) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; and (ii) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘him’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; (E) in section 1411 (15 U.S.C. 1710)— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘his findings’’ and inserting ‘‘its finding’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘his recommendation’’ and inserting ‘‘a recommendation’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4371 July 6, 2016 
(ii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’s order’’ and inserting ‘‘order of the Board’’; (F) in section 1415 (15 U.S.C. 1714)— (i) by striking ‘‘him’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; (ii) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘he may, in his discretion’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board may, at the discretion of the Board’’; (iii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘he’’ each time that term appears and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘in his discretion’’ each time that term appears and inserting ‘‘at the discretion of the Board’’; (G) in section 1416(a) (15 U.S.C. 1715(a))— (i) by striking ‘‘of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ the first time that term appears; (ii) by striking ‘‘his functions, duties, and powers’’ and inserting ‘‘the functions, duties, and powers of the Board’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘his administrative law judges’’ and inserting ‘‘the administrative law judges of the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘himself’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; (H)(i) in section 1418a(b)(4) (15 U.S.C. 1717a(b)(4)), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’s de-termination or order’’ and inserting ‘‘A de-termination or order of the Board’’; and (ii) in section 1418a(d) (15 U.S.C. 1717a(d)), by striking ‘‘the Secretary’s determination or order’’ and inserting ‘‘a determination or order of the Board’’; (I) in section 1419 (15 U.S.C. 1718)— (i) by striking ‘‘him’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘his rules and regulations’’ and inserting ‘‘the rules and regulations of the Board’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘his jurisdiction’’ and in-serting ‘‘the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’; and (J) in section 1420 (15 U.S.C. 1719)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or any member of the Board’’ before ‘‘in any proceeding’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘him’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board or any member of the Board’’. (11) R
EAL ESTATE SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
ACT OF 1974 .—Section 5 of the Real Estate Set-tlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2604) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Director of’’ and inserting ‘‘Board of Directors of’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’. (12) S.A.F.E. 
MORTGAGE LICENSING ACT OF  
2008.—The S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 1503(10) (12 U.S.C. 5102(10))— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘D
IRECTOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘B OARD ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘‘Director’ means the Di-rector’’ and inserting ‘‘‘Board’ means the Board of Directors’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (C) in section 1514(b)(5) (12 U.S.C. 5113(b)(5)), by striking ‘‘Secretary’s ex-penses’’ and inserting ‘‘expenses of the Board’’; (D) in section 1514(c)(4)(C) (12 U.S.C. 5113(c)(4)(C)), by striking ‘‘Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Board’s’’; (E) in the headings of section 1514(c)(1), (c)(4)(A), and (c)(5), by striking ‘‘
DIRECTOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘
BOARD ’’; and (F) in the heading of section 1514(d), by striking ‘‘D
IRECTOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘B OARD ’’. (13) T
ITLE 44 .—Section 3513(c) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Director of the Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘Board of Directors of the Bureau’’. (c) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall be deemed a reference to the Board of Directors of the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, unless otherwise specified in this Act. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2017; or (2) the date on which not less than 3 per-sons have been confirmed by the Senate to serve as members of the Board of Directors of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act or transferred to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection pursuant to section 1017 of Public law 111-203 may be used to regulate pre-dispute arbitration agree-ments (as described in section 1028 of Public Law 111–203) and any regulation finalized by the Bureau to regulate pre-dispute arbitra-tion agreements shall have no legal force or effect until the requirements regarding pre- dispute arbitration specified in the report accompanying this Act under the heading ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection,’’ are fulfilled. C
ONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for in-dividuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5376, purchase of nominal awards to recognize non-Federal officials’ contributions to Commission activities, and not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $121,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall be available for the ad-visory committees in the report accom-panying this Act under the heading ‘‘Con-sumer Product Safety Commission’’, and of which $1,300,000 shall remain available until expended to carry out the program, includ-ing administrative costs, required by section 1405 of the Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act (Public Law 110–140; 15 U.S.C. 8004). 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION —CONSUMER  
PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  S
EC. 510. During fiscal year 2017, none of the amounts made available by this Act may be used to finalize or implement the Safety Standard for Recreational Off-Highway Vehi-cles published by the Consumer Product Safety Commission in the Federal Register on November 19, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 68964) until after— (1) the National Academy of Sciences, in consultation with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the De-partment of Defense, completes a study to determine— (A) the technical validity of the lateral stability and vehicle handling requirements proposed by such standard for purposes of re-ducing the risk of Recreational Off-Highway Vehicle (referred to in this section as ‘‘ROV’’) rollovers in the off-road environ-ment, including the repeatability and repro-ducibility of testing for compliance with such requirements; (B) the number of ROV rollovers that would be prevented if the proposed require-ments were adopted; (C) whether there is a technical basis for the proposal to provide information on a point-of-sale hangtag about a ROV’s rollover resistance on a progressive scale; and (D) the effect on the utility of ROVs used by the United States military if the proposed requirements were adopted; and (2) a report containing the results of the study completed under paragraph (1) is deliv-ered to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252), $4,900,000. F
EDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Communications Commission, as authorized by law, including uniforms and allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses; purchase and hire of motor vehicles; special counsel fees; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $314,844,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That $314,844,000 of offset-ting collections shall be assessed and col-lected pursuant to section 9 of title I of the Communications Act of 1934, shall be re-tained and used for necessary expenses and shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided further, That the sum herein appro-priated shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2017 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at $0: Provided fur-ther, That any offsetting collections received in excess of $314,844,000 in fiscal year 2017 shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That remaining offsetting collec-tions from prior years collected in excess of the amount specified for collection in each such year and otherwise becoming available on October 1, 2016, shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That, notwith-standing 47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B), proceeds from the use of a competitive bidding system that may be retained and made available for obli-gation shall not exceed $106,000,000 for fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That, of the amount appropriated under this heading, not less than $11,751,000 shall be for the salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector Gen-eral. F
EDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $35,958,000, to be derived from the Deposit In-surance Fund or, only when appropriate, the FSLIC Resolution Fund. F
EDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, $80,540,000, of which $8,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for lease expiration and replacement lease expenses; and of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for reception and representation expenses. F
EDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Federal Labor Relations Author-ity, pursuant to Reorganization Plan Num-bered 2 of 1978, and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, $26,631,000, including services au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and including hire of experts and consultants, hire of passenger motor vehicles and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and else-where; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for official reception and rep-resentation expenses: Provided, That public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4372 July 6, 2016 
members of the Federal Service Impasses Panel may be paid travel expenses and per diem in lieu of subsistence as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5703) for persons employed intermittently in the Government service, and compensation as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received from fees charged to non-Federal participants at labor- management relations conferences shall be credited to and merged with this account, to be available without further appropriation for the costs of carrying out these con-ferences. F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Trade Commission, including uniforms or al-lowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $317,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 shall be available for use to contract with a person or persons for collection services in accordance with the terms of 31 U.S.C. 3718: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $125,000,000 of offsetting collections derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $15,000,000 in offsetting collections derived from fees sufficient to implement and en-force the Telemarketing Sales Rule, promul-gated under the Telemarketing and Con-sumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), shall be credited to this account, and be retained and used for nec-essary expenses in this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the sum herein appro-priated from the general fund shall be re-duced as such offsetting collections are re-ceived during fiscal year 2017, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $177,000,000: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Federal Trade Commission may be used to implement sub-section (e)(2)(B) of section 43 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t). G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
REAL PROPERTY ACTIVITIES  
FEDERAL BUILDINGS FUND  
LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF REVENUE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Amounts in the Fund, including revenues and collections deposited into the Fund, shall be available for necessary expenses of real property management and related ac-tivities not otherwise provided for, including operation, maintenance, and protection of federally owned and leased buildings; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; res-toration of leased premises; moving govern-mental agencies (including space adjust-ments and telecommunications relocation expenses) in connection with the assignment, allocation, and transfer of space; contractual services incident to cleaning or servicing buildings, and moving; repair and alteration of federally owned buildings, including grounds, approaches, and appurtenances; care and safeguarding of sites; maintenance, preservation, demolition, and equipment; ac-quisition of buildings and sites by purchase, condemnation, or as otherwise authorized by law; acquisition of options to purchase build-ings and sites; conversion and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary plan-ning and design of projects by contract or otherwise; construction of new buildings (in-cluding equipment for such buildings); and payment of principal, interest, and any other obligations for public buildings acquired by installment purchase and purchase contract; in the aggregate amount of $9,244,808,000, of which— (1) $504,918,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and acquisition (including funds for sites and expenses, and associated design and construction services) as follows: (A) National Capital Region, FBI Head-quarters Consolidation, $200,000,000; (B) California, Calexico, Calexico West Land Port of Entry, $248,213,000; (C) District of Columbia, Washington, Southeast Federal Center Remediation, $7,000,000; (D) Pembina, North Dakota, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS), $5,749,000; (E) Boyers, Pennsylvania, Federal Office Building, $31,200,000; and (F) Austin, Texas, Internal Revenue Serv-ice (IRS) Annex Building, $12,756,000: Provided, That each of the foregoing limits of costs on new construction and acquisition projects may be exceeded to the extent that savings are effected in other such projects, but not to exceed 10 percent of the amounts included in a transmitted prospectus, if re-quired, unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount; (2) $758,790,000 shall remain available until expended for repairs and alterations, includ-ing associated design and construction serv-ices, of which— (A) $300,000,000 is for Major Repairs and Al-terations; (B) $312,090,000 is for Basic Repairs and Al-terations; and (C) $146,700,000 is for Special Emphasis Pro-grams, of which— (i) $20,000,000 is for Fire and Life Safety; (ii) $26,700,000 is for Judiciary Capital Secu-rity; (iii) $100,000,000 is for Consolidation Activi-ties: Provided, That consolidation projects result in reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency: Provided further, That no con-solidation project exceed $10,000,000 in costs: Provided further, That consolidation projects are approved by each of the committees specified in section 3307(a) of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That pref-erence is given to consolidation projects that achieve a utilization rate of 130 usable square feet or less per person for office space: Provided further, That the obligation of funds under this paragraph for consolidation ac-tivities may not be made until 10 days after a proposed spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken, including es-timated savings, has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That funds made available in this or any previous Act in the Federal Buildings Fund for Repairs and Alterations shall, for prospectus projects, be limited to the amount identified for each project, except each project in this or any previous Act may be increased by an amount not to exceed 10 percent unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount: Provided further, That addi- tional projects for which prospectuses have been fully approved may be funded under this category only if advance approval is ob-tained from the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That the amounts provided in this or any prior Act for ‘‘Re-pairs and Alterations’’ may be used to fund costs associated with implementing security improvements to buildings necessary to meet the minimum standards for security in accordance with current law and in compli-ance with the reprogramming guidelines of the appropriate Committees of the House and Senate: Provided further, That the dif-ference between the funds appropriated and expended on any projects in this or any prior Act, under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alter-ations’’, may be transferred to Basic Repairs and Alterations or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects: Provided further, That the amount provided in this or any prior Act for Basic Repairs and Alter-ations may be used to pay claims against the Government arising from any projects under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ or used to fund authorized increases in pro-spectus projects; (3) $5,645,000,000 for rental of space to re-main available until expended; and (4) $2,336,100,000 for building operations to remain available until expended, of which $1,184,790,000 is for building services, and $1,151,310,000 is for salaries and expenses: Pro- vided, That not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available under this para-graph for building operations may be trans-ferred between and merged with such appro-priations upon notification to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, but no such ap-propriation shall be increased by more than 5 percent by any such transfers: Provided fur-ther, That section 521 of this title shall not apply with respect to funds made available under this heading for building operations: Provided further, That the total amount of funds made available from this Fund to the General Services Administration shall not be available for expenses of any construction, repair, alteration and acquisition project for which a prospectus, if required by 40 U.S.C. 3307(a), has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the develop-ment of a proposed prospectus: Provided fur-ther, That funds available in the Federal Buildings Fund may be expended for emer-gency repairs when advance approval is ob-tained from the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That amounts nec-essary to provide reimbursable special serv-ices to other agencies under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2) and amounts to provide such reim-bursable fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control as may be appropriate to enable the United States Secret Service to perform its protec-tive functions pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3056, shall be available from such revenues and collections: Provided further, That revenues and collections and any other sums accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2017, exclud-ing reimbursements under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2), in excess of the aggregate new obligational authority authorized for Real Property Ac-tivities of the Federal Buildings Fund in this Act shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as au-thorized in appropriations Acts. 
GENERAL ACTIVITIES  
GOVERNMENT -WIDE POLICY  For expenses authorized by law, not other-wise provided for, for Government-wide pol-icy and evaluation activities associated with the management of real and personal prop-erty assets and certain administrative serv-ices; Government-wide policy support re-sponsibilities relating to acquisition, travel, motor vehicles, information technology management, and related technology activi-ties; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4373 July 6, 2016 
3109; $58,000,000, of which $1,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2018. 
OPERATING EXPENSES  For expenses authorized by law, not other-wise provided for, for Government-wide ac-tivities associated with utilization and dona-tion of surplus personal property; disposal of real property; agency-wide policy direction, management, and communications; and serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $47,966,000, of which $24,569,000 is for Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal and $23,397,000 is for the Office of the Adminis-trator, of which not to exceed $7,500 is for of-ficial reception and representation expenses. 
CIVILIAN BOARD OF CONTRACT APPEALS  For expenses authorized by law, not other-wise provided for, for activities associated with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $9,275,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $65,000,000, of which $2,000,000 is available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for payment for information and detection of fraud against the Government, including payment for recovery of stolen Government property: Provided further, That not to ex-ceed $2,500 shall be available for awards to employees of other Federal agencies and pri-vate citizens in recognition of efforts and initiatives resulting in enhanced Office of In-spector General effectiveness. 
ALLOWANCES AND OFFICE STAFF FOR FORMER  
PRESIDENTS  For carrying out the provisions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), and Public Law 95–138, $1,932,000. 
EXPENSES , PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), $9,500,000, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 is for activities authorized by para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 3(a) of the Act: Provided, That such amounts may be trans-ferred to the ‘‘Acquisition Services Fund’’ or ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund’’ to reimburse obli-gations incurred prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act for the purposes provided herein related to the Presidential election in 2016: Provided further, That amounts avail-able under this heading shall be in addition to any other amounts available for such pur-poses. 
FEDERAL CITIZEN SERVICES FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Cit-izen Services and Innovative Technologies, including services authorized by 40 U.S.C. 323 and 44 U.S.C. 3604; and for necessary expenses in support of interagency projects that en-able the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically, through the development and implementa-tion of innovative uses of information tech-nology; $55,894,000, to be deposited into the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided, That the previous amount may be trans-ferred to Federal agencies to carry out the purpose of the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the appropria-tions, revenues, reimbursements, and collec-tions deposited into the Fund shall be avail-able until expended for necessary expenses of Federal Citizen Services and other activities that enable the Federal Government to en-hance its ability to conduct activities elec-tronically in the aggregate amount not to exceed $150,000,000: Provided further, That ap- propriations, revenues, reimbursements, and collections accruing to this Fund during fis-cal year 2017 in excess of such amount shall remain in the Fund and shall not be avail-able for expenditure except as authorized in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That any appropriations provided to the Elec-tronic Government Fund that remain unobli-gated may be transferred to the Federal Cit-izen Services Fund: Provided further, That the transfer authorities provided herein shall be in addition to any other transfer author-ity provided in this Act. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —GENERAL  
SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 520. Funds available to the General Services Administration shall be available for the hire of passenger motor vehicles. S
EC. 521. Funds in the Federal Buildings Fund made available for fiscal year 2017 for Federal Buildings Fund activities may be transferred between such activities only to the extent necessary to meet program re-quirements: Provided, That any proposed transfers shall be approved in advance by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 522. Except as otherwise provided in this title, funds made available by this Act shall be used to transmit a fiscal year 2018 request for United States Courthouse con-struction only if the request: (1) meets the design guide standards for construction as established and approved by the General Services Administration, the Judicial Con-ference of the United States, and the Office of Management and Budget; (2) reflects the priorities of the Judicial Conference of the United States as set out in its approved 5- year construction plan; and (3) includes a standardized courtroom utilization study of each facility to be constructed, replaced, or expanded. S
EC. 523. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to increase the amount of occupiable square feet, provide cleaning services, security enhancements, or any other service usually provided through the Federal Buildings Fund, to any agency that does not pay the rate per square foot assess-ment for space and services as determined by the General Services Administration in con-sideration of the Public Buildings Amend-ments Act of 1972 (Public Law 92–313). S
EC. 524. From funds made available under the heading Federal Buildings Fund, Limita-tions on Availability of Revenue, claims against the Government of less than $250,000 arising from direct construction projects and acquisition of buildings may be liquidated from savings effected in other construction projects with prior notification to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 525. In any case in which the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate adopt a resolution granting lease authority pursuant to a pro-spectus transmitted to Congress by the Ad-ministrator of the General Services Adminis-tration under 40 U.S.C. 3307, the Adminis-trator shall ensure that the delineated area of procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus for all lease agreements, except that, if the Adminis-trator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the pro-spectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to each of such com-mittees and the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in the resolution. S
EC. 526. With respect to each project fund-ed under the heading ‘‘Major Repairs and Al-terations’’ or ‘‘Judiciary Capital Security Program’’, and with respect to E-Govern-ment projects funded under the heading ‘‘Federal Citizen Services Fund’’, the Admin-istrator of General Services shall submit a spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 527. Strike subsection (d) of section 3173 of title 40, United States Code. M
ERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, and the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note), including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and else-where, hire of passenger motor vehicles, di-rect procurement of survey printing, and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $44,786,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, and in ad-dition not to exceed $2,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for admin-istrative expenses to adjudicate retirement appeals to be transferred from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund in amounts determined by the Merit Systems Protection Board. N
ATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in connection with the administration of the National Archives and Records Administration and archived Federal records and related activities, as provided by law, and for expenses necessary for the review and declassification of docu-ments, the activities of the Public Interest Declassification Board, the operations and maintenance of the electronic records ar-chives, the hire of passenger motor vehicles, and for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning, $380,634,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008, Public Law 110–409, 122 Stat. 4302–16 (2008), and the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), and for the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,801,000. 
REPAIRS AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improve-ment of archives facilities, and to provide adequate storage for holdings, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
NATIONAL HISTORICAL PUBLICATIONS AND  
RECORDS COMMISSION  
GRANTS PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for allocations and grants for historical publications and records as authorized by 44 U.S.C. 2504, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION  
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT REVOLVING LOAN  
FUND  For the Community Development Revolv-ing Loan Fund program as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 9812, 9822 and 9910, $2,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for tech-nical assistance to low-income designated credit unions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4374 July 6, 2016 
OFFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Government Ethics pur-suant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, and the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $1,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $16,090,000. O
FFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978 and the Civil Service Re-form Act of 1978, including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; medical examina-tions performed for veterans by private phy-sicians on a fee basis; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and else-where; hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; advances for reim-bursements to applicable funds of OPM and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for ex-penses incurred under Executive Order No. 10422 of January 9, 1953, as amended; and pay-ment of per diem or subsistence allowances to employees where Voting Rights Act ac-tivities require an employee to remain over-night at his or her post of duty, $144,867,000: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $37,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the operation and strengthening of the security of OPM legacy and Shell environment IT systems and the modernization, migration, and testing of such systems: Provided further, That the amount made available by the previous pro-viso may not be obligated until the Director of the Office of Personnel Management sub-mits to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan for expenditure of such amount, pre-pared in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Administrator of the United States Digital Service, and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, that— (1) identifies the full scope and cost of the IT systems remediation and stabilization project; (2) meets the capital planning and invest-ment control review requirements estab-lished by the Office of Management and Budget, including Circular A–11, part 7; (3) includes a Major IT Business Case under the requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget Exhibit 300; (4) complies with the acquisition rules, re-quirements, guidelines, and systems acquisi-tion management practices of the Govern-ment; (5) complies with all Office of Management and Budget, Department of Homeland Secu-rity and National Institute of Standards and Technology requirements related to securing the agency’s information system as de-scribed in 44 U.S.C. 3554; and (6) is reviewed and commented upon by the Inspector General of the Office of Personnel Management, and such comments are sub-mitted to the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management before the date of such submission: Provided further, That, not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that— (A) evaluates— (i) the steps taken by the Office of Per-sonnel Management to prevent, mitigate, and respond to data breaches involving sen-sitive personnel records and information; (ii) the Office’s cybersecurity policies and procedures in place on the date of enactment of this Act, including policies and procedures relating to IT best practices such as data encryption, multifactor authentication, and continuous monitoring; (iii) the Office’s oversight of contractors providing IT services; and (iv) the Office’s compliance with govern-ment-wide initiatives to improve cybersecu-rity; and (B) sets forth improvements that could be made to assist the Office of Personnel Man-agement in addressing cybersecurity chal-lenges: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $391,000 may be made available for strengthening the capacity and capabilities of the acquisition workforce (as defined by the Office of Fed-eral Procurement Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.)), including the recruit-ment, hiring, training, and retention of such workforce and information technology in support of acquisition workforce effective-ness or for management solutions to improve acquisition management; and in addition $141,611,000 for administrative expenses, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of OPM without regard to other statutes, in-cluding direct procurement of printed mate-rials, for the retirement and insurance pro-grams: Provided further, That the provisions of this appropriation shall not affect the au-thority to use applicable trust funds as pro-vided by sections 8348(a)(1)(B), 8958(f)(2)(A), 8988(f)(2)(A), and 9004(f)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be available for salaries and expenses of the Legal Exam-ining Unit of OPM established pursuant to Executive Order No. 9358 of July 1, 1943, or any successor unit of like purpose: Provided further, That the President’s Commission on White House Fellows, established by Execu-tive Order No. 11183 of October 3, 1964, may, during fiscal year 2017, accept donations of money, property, and personal services: Pro- vided further, That such donations, including those from prior years, may be used for the development of publicity materials to pro-vide information about the White House Fel-lows, except that no such donations shall be accepted for travel or reimbursement of travel expenses, or for the salaries of em-ployees of such Commission. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, hire of passenger motor vehicles, $5,072,000, and in addition, not to exceed $26,662,000 for administrative expenses to audit, investigate, and provide other over-sight of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment’s retirement and insurance programs, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, as determined by the Inspector Gen-eral: Provided, That the Inspector General is authorized to rent conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere. O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Special Counsel pursu-ant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–454), the Whistleblower Pro-tection Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–12) as amended by Public Law 107–304, the Whistle-blower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–353), in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, payment of fees and expenses for wit-nesses, rental of conference rooms in the Dis-trict of Columbia and elsewhere, and hire of passenger motor vehicles; $25,735,000. POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Postal Regu-latory Commission in carrying out the provi-sions of the Postal Accountability and En-hancement Act (Public Law 109–435), $16,200,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as author-ized by section 603(a) of such Act. P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as author-ized by section 1061 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), $8,297,000. S
ECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Securities and Exchange Commission, including serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, the rental of space (to include multiple year leases) in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,555,000,000, to re-main available until expended; of which not less than $14,700,000 shall be for the Office of Inspector General; of which not to exceed $75,000 shall be available for a permanent secretariat for the International Organiza-tion of Securities Commissions; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for ex-penses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign govern-mental and other regulatory officials, mem-bers of their delegations and staffs to ex-change views concerning securities matters, such expenses to include necessary logistic and administrative expenses and the ex-penses of Commission staff and foreign invitees in attendance including: (1) inci-dental expenses such as meals; (2) travel and transportation; and (3) related lodging or subsistence; of which funding for informa-tion technology initiatives shall be increased over the fiscal year 2016 level by not less than $50,000,000; and of which not less than $72,049,000 shall be for the Division of Eco-nomic and Risk Analysis: Provided, That fees and charges authorized by section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) shall be credited to this account as off-setting collections: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,555,000,000 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of this account: Pro- vided further, That the total amount appro-priated under this heading from the general fund for fiscal year 2017 shall be reduced as such offsetting fees are received so as to re-sult in a final total fiscal year 2017 appro-priation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. S
ELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Selective Service System, including expenses of at-tendance at meetings and of training for uni-formed personnel assigned to the Selective Service System, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4375 July 6, 2016 
4101–4118 for civilian employees; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and not to exceed $750 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; $22,703,000: Provided, That during the current fiscal year, the President may exempt this appropriation from the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 1341, whenever the President deems such action to be necessary in the interest of national defense: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be expended for or in connection with the in-duction of any person into the Armed Forces of the United States. S
MALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the Small Business Administra-tion, including hire of passenger motor vehi-cles as authorized by sections 1343 and 1344 of title 31, United States Code, and not to ex-ceed $3,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $268,000,000, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for examinations, reviews, and other lender oversight activities: Provided, That the Ad-ministrator is authorized to charge fees to cover the cost of publications developed by the Small Business Administration, and cer-tain loan program activities, including fees authorized by section 5(b) of the Small Busi-ness Act: Provided further, That, notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, revenues received from all such activities shall be credited to this account, to remain available until ex-pended, for carrying out these purposes with-out further appropriations: Provided further, That the Small Business Administration may accept gifts in an amount not to exceed $4,000,000 and may co-sponsor activities, each in accordance with section 132(a) of division K of Public Law 108–447, during fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That $6,100,000 shall be available for the Loan Modernization and Accounting System, to be available until September 30, 2018. 
ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of programs sup-porting entrepreneurial and small business development, $243,100,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018: Provided, That $125,000,000 shall be available to fund grants for performance in fiscal year 2017 or fiscal year 2018 as authorized by section 21 of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That $31,000,000 shall be for marketing, manage-ment, and technical assistance under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)) by intermediaries that make microloans under the microloan program: Provided further, That $20,000,000 shall be available for grants to States to carry out export programs that assist small business concerns authorized under section 1207 of Public Law 111–240. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $19,900,000. 
OFFICE OF ADVOCACY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ad-vocacy in carrying out the provisions of title II of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634a et seq.) and the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), $9,320,000, to remain avail-able until expended. 
BUSINESS LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, $4,338,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2017 commitments to guar-antee loans under section 503 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not ex-ceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That dur- ing fiscal year 2017 commitments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act shall not exceed $28,500,000,000 for a combination of amor-tizing term loans and the aggregated max-imum line of credit provided by revolving loans: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2017 commitments for loans authorized under subparagraph (C) of section 502(7) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(7)) shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2017 commitments to guarantee loans for debentures under section 303(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $4,000,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That during fiscal year 2017, guarantees of trust certificates authorized by section 5(g) of the Small Business Act shall not ex-ceed a principal amount of $12,000,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $152,726,000, which may be trans-ferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. DISASTER LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by sec-tion 7(b) of the Small Business Act, $185,977,000, to be available until expended, of which $1,000,000 is for the Office of Inspector General of the Small Business Administra-tion for audits and reviews of disaster loans and the disaster loan programs and shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priations for the Office of Inspector General; of which $175,977,000 is for direct administra-tive expenses of loan making and servicing to carry out the direct loan program, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses; and of which $9,000,000 is for indirect admin-istrative expenses for the direct loan pro-gram, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —SMALL BUSINESS  
ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  S
EC. 530. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Small Business Adminis-tration in this Act may be transferred be-tween such appropriations, but no such ap-propriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. S
EC. 531. (a) None of the funds made avail-able under this Act may be used to collect a guarantee fee under section 7(a)(18) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(18)) with respect to a loan guaranteed under section 7(a)(31) of such Act that is made to a small business concern (as defined under section 3 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) that is 51 percent or more owned and controlled by 1 or more individuals who is a veteran (as defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code) or the spouse of a veteran. (b) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to limit the authority of the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration to waive such a guarantee fee or any other loan fee with respect to a loan to a small business concern described in subsection (a) or any other borrower. SEC. 532. Of the unobligated balances avail-able for the Certified Development Company Program under section 503 of the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958, as amended, $55,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be so re-scinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. U
NITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE  
PAYMENT TO THE POSTAL SERVICE FUND  For payment to the Postal Service Fund for revenue forgone on free and reduced rate mail, pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) of section 2401 of title 39, United States Code, $41,151,000: Provided, That mail for overseas voting and mail for the blind shall continue to be free: Provided further, That 6-day deliv-ery and rural delivery of mail shall continue at not less than the 1983 level: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds made available to the Postal Service by this Act shall be used to implement any rule, regulation, or policy of charging any officer or employee of any State or local child support enforcement agency, or any individual participating in a State or local program of child support en-forcement, a fee for information requested or provided concerning an address of a postal customer: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be used to consolidate or close small rural and other small post offices: Provided further, That the Postal Service shall maintain and comply with service standards for First Class Mail and periodicals effective on July 1, 2012. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $258,000,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as au-thorized by section 603(b)(3) of the Postal Ac-countability and Enhancement Act (Public Law 109–435). U
NITED STATES TAXCOURT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including contract reporting and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $51,300,000: Provided, That trav- el expenses of the judges shall be paid upon the written certificate of the judge. TITLE VI GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT 
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  S
EC. 601. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. S
EC. 602. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 603. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3109, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under exist-ing Executive order issued pursuant to exist-ing law. S
EC. 604. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4376 July 6, 2016 
United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. S
EC. 605. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for any activ-ity or for paying the salary of any Govern-ment employee where funding an activity or paying a salary to a Government employee would result in a decision, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that would pro-hibit the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). S
EC. 606. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity un-less the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with chap-ter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 607. No funds appropriated or other-wise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 608. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2017, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activ-ity for which funds have been denied or re-stricted by the Congress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a specific activity by the Committee on Appropriations of either the House of Representatives or the Senate for a different purpose; (5) augments existing pro-grams, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or ac-tivities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) creates or reorganizes offices, programs, or activities unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That prior to any significant reorganization or restructuring of offices, programs, or activities, each agen-cy or entity funded in this Act shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a re-port to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That at a minimum the report shall include: (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget re-quest, adjustments made by Congress, ad-justments due to enacted rescissions, if ap-propriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appro-priation both by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budg-et appendix for the respective appropriation; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest: Provided further, That the amount appropriated or limited for sala-ries and expenses for an agency shall be re-duced by $100,000 per day for each day after the required date that the report has not been submitted to the Congress. S
EC. 609. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2017 from appropria-tions made available for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2017 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2018, for each such account for the purposes au-thorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expendi-ture of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines. SEC. 610. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used by the Execu-tive Office of the President to request— (1) any official background investigation report on any individual from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or (2) a determination with respect to the treatment of an organization as described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under sec-tion 501(a) of such Code from the Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply— (1) in the case of an official background in-vestigation report, if such individual has given express written consent for such re-quest not more than 6 months prior to the date of such request and during the same presidential administration; or (2) if such request is required due to ex-traordinary circumstances involving na-tional security. S
EC. 611. The cost accounting standards promulgated under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code shall not apply with re-spect to a contract under the Federal Em-ployees Health Benefits Program established under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 612. For the purpose of resolving liti-gation and implementing any settlement agreements regarding the nonforeign area cost-of-living allowance program, the Office of Personnel Management may accept and utilize (without regard to any restriction on unanticipated travel expenses imposed in an Appropriations Act) funds made available to the Office of Personnel Management pursu-ant to court approval. S
EC. 613. No funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion, or the administrative expenses in connection with any health plan under the Federal em-ployees health benefits program which pro-vides any benefits or coverage for abortions. S
EC. 614. The provision of section 613 shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. S
EC. 615. In order to promote Government access to commercial information tech-nology, the restriction on purchasing non-domestic articles, materials, and supplies set forth in chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (popularly known as the Buy American Act), shall not apply to the acquisition by the Federal Government of information technology (as defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code), that is a com-mercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41, United States Code). S
EC. 616. Notwithstanding section 1353 of title 31, United States Code, no officer or em-ployee of any regulatory agency or commis-sion funded by this Act may accept on behalf of that agency, nor may such agency or com-mission accept, payment or reimbursement from a non-Federal entity for travel, subsist-ence, or related expenses for the purpose of enabling an officer or employee to attend and participate in any meeting or similar function relating to the official duties of the officer or employee when the entity offering payment or reimbursement is a person or en-tity subject to regulation by such agency or commission, or represents a person or entity subject to regulation by such agency or com-mission, unless the person or entity is an or-ganization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and ex-empt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. SEC. 617. Notwithstanding section 708 of this Act, funds made available to the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission by this or any other Act may be used for the inter-agency funding and sponsorship of a joint ad-visory committee to advise on emerging reg-ulatory issues. S
EC. 618. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Executive agency cov-ered by this Act otherwise authorized to enter into contracts for either leases or the construction or alteration of real property for office, meeting, storage, or other space must consult with the General Services Ad-ministration before issuing a solicitation for offers of new leases or construction con-tracts, and in the case of succeeding leases, before entering into negotiations with the current lessor. (2) Any such agency with authority to enter into an emergency lease may do so during any period declared by the President to require emergency leasing authority with respect to such agency. (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Executive agency covered by this Act’’ means any Executive agency provided funds by this Act, but does not include the General Services Administration or the United States Postal Service. S
EC. 619. (a) There are appropriated for the following activities the amounts required under current law: (1) Compensation of the President (3 U.S.C. 102). (2) Payments to— (A) the Judicial Officers’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 377(o)); (B) the Judicial Survivors’ Annuities Fund (28 U.S.C. 376(c)); and (C) the United States Court of Federal Claims Judges’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 178(l)). (3) Payment of Government contribu-tions— (A) with respect to the health benefits of retired employees, as authorized by chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, and the Re-tired Federal Employees Health Benefits Act (74 Stat. 849); and (B) with respect to the life insurance bene-fits for employees retiring after December 31, 1989 (5 U.S.C. ch. 87). (4) Payment to finance the unfunded liabil-ity of new and increased annuity benefits under the Civil Service Retirement and Dis-ability Fund (5 U.S.C. 8348). (5) Payment of annuities authorized to be paid from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund by statutory provisions other than subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code. (b) Nothing in this section may be con-strued to exempt any amount appropriated by this section from any otherwise applica-ble limitation on the use of funds contained in this Act. S
EC. 620. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Federal Trade Commission to complete the draft report en-titled ‘‘Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children: Preliminary Proposed Nutrition Principles to Guide Industry Self- Regulatory Efforts’’ unless the Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Chil-dren complies with Executive Order No. 13563. S
EC. 621. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses for the following positions: (1) Director, White House Office of Health Reform, or any substantially similar posi-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4377 July 6, 2016 
(2) Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change, or any substantially similar position. (3) Senior Advisor to the Secretary of the Treasury assigned to the Presidential Task Force on the Auto Industry and Senior Coun-selor for Manufacturing Policy, or any sub-stantially similar position. (4) White House Director of Urban Affairs, or any substantially similar position. S
EC. 622. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of chapter 29, 31, or 33 of title 44, United States Code. S
EC. 623. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the agencies specified in subsection (b) shall each submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate on— (1) increasing public participation in the rulemaking process and reducing uncer-tainty; (2) improving coordination with other Fed-eral agencies to eliminate redundant, incon-sistent, and overlapping regulations; and (3) identifying existing regulations that have been reviewed and determined to be outmoded, ineffective, or excessively burden-some. (b) The agencies required to submit a re-port specified in subsection (a) are— (1) the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion; (2) the Federal Communications Commis-sion; (3) the Federal Trade Commission; and (4) the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion. S
EC. 624. The unobligated balance in the Securities and Exchange Commission Re-serve Fund established by section 991 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203) is permanently rescinded. S
EC. 625. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used by the Securities and Exchange Commission to study, develop, propose, finalize, issue, or implement any rule, regulation, or order regarding the dis-closure of political contributions to tax ex-empt organizations, or dues paid to trade as-sociations. S
EC. 626. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Financial Stability Oversight Council to make a determination, pursuant to sub-section (a) or (b) of section 113 of the Finan-cial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5323), with respect to a nonbank financial company until— (1) the Financial Stability Oversight Coun-cil, in the notice described in subsection (e)(1) of such section, identifies with speci-ficity the risks to the financial stability of the United States presented by the nonbank financial company and explains in sufficient detail why regulatory action by the relevant primary financial regulatory agency would be insufficient to mitigate or prevent such risks; and (2) if the nonbank financial company pre-sents a plan in a hearing conducted pursuant to subsection (e)(2) of such section to modify its business, structure, or operations in order to mitigate the risks identified in such a no-tice— (A) the Financial Stability Oversight Council makes a determination as to wheth-er such plan, if implemented, adequately mitigates the identified risks; and (B) if the Financial Stability Oversight Council determines that such plan would adequately mitigate the identified risk, the Council— (i) approves such plan; and (ii) allows the nonbank financial company a reasonable period of time to implement such plan. SEC. 627. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a governmental entity to require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service to the public or remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communica-tion that is in electronic storage with the provider (as such terms are defined in sec-tions 2510 and 2711 of title 18, United States Code) in a manner that violates the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. S
EC. 628. (a) In each of fiscal years 2017 through 2025, section 628 of division E of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114-113; 129 Stat. 2469) applies to a joint sales agreement regardless of any change in the ownership of the stations in-volved in such agreement. (b) In the case of a joint sales agreement to which such section applies, while such sec-tion is in effect, the Federal Communica-tions Commission— (1) may not require the termination or modification of such agreement as a condi-tion of the transfer or assignment of a sta-tion license or the transfer of station owner-ship or control; and (2) upon request of the transferee or as-signee of the station license, shall eliminate any such condition that was imposed after March 31, 2014, and permit the licensees of the stations whose advertising was jointly sold pursuant to such agreement to enter into a new joint sales agreement on substan-tially similar terms and conditions as the prior agreement. (c) In this section, the term ‘‘joint sales agreement’’ has the meaning given such term in Note 2(k) to section 73.3555 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, and where a joint sales agreement is part of a broader contract, this section shall be limited to the joint sales agreement portion of such con-tract. S
EC. 629. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Commu-nications Commission to modify, amend, or change the rules or regulations of the Com-mission for universal service high-cost sup-port for competitive eligible telecommuni-cations carriers in a way that is inconsistent with paragraph (e)(5) or (e)(6) of section 54.307 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on July 15, 2015: Provided, That this section shall not prohibit the Com-mission from considering, developing, or adopting other support mechanisms as an al-ternative to Mobility Fund Phase II. S
EC. 630. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce any rule (as defined in section 551 of title 5, United States Code), or any amendment or repeal of an existing rule, that is adopted by vote of the Federal Com-munications Commission after the date of the enactment of this Act, unless the Com-mission publishes the text of such rule, amendment, or repeal on the Internet Web site of the Commission not later than 21 days before the date on which the vote occurs. S
EC. 631. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to regulate, directly or indirectly, the prices, other fees, or data caps and allowances (as such terms are de-scribed in paragraph 164 of the Report and Order on Remand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order in the matter of protecting and pro-moting the open Internet, adopted by the Federal Communications Commission on February 26, 2015 (FCC 15–24)) charged or im-posed by providers of broadband Internet ac-cess service (as defined in the final rules in Appendix A of such Report and Order on Re-mand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order) for such service, regardless of whether such reg-ulation takes the form of requirements for future conduct or enforcement regarding past conduct. SEC. 632. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the Report and Order on Remand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order in the matter of protecting and promoting the open Internet, adopted by the Federal Com-munications Commission on February 26, 2015 (FCC 15–24), until the first date on which there has been a final disposition (including the exhaustion of or expiration of the time for any appeals) of all of the following civil actions: (1) Alamo Broadband Inc. v. Federal Com-munications Commission, et al., No. 15-60201, pending in the United States Court of Ap-peals for the Fifth Circuit as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) United States Telecom Assoc. v. Fed-eral Communications Commission, et al., No. 15-1063, pending in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) CenturyLink v. Federal Communica-tions Commission, No. 15-1099, pending in the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit as of the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 633. (a) Section 1105(a)(35) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B) and redes-ignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); (2) by striking ‘‘homeland security’’ in each instance it appears and inserting ‘‘cy-bersecurity’’; and (3) by amending subparagraph (B) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(B) Prior to implementing this paragraph, including determining what Federal activi-ties or accounts constitute cybersecurity for purposes of budgetary classification, the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations and the Committees on the Budget of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate.’’. (b) The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to budget submissions under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2018 and each subse-quent fiscal year. S
EC. 634. (a) Effective one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, subtitle B of title IV of Public Law 102—281 is repealed. (b) On the day before the date of the repeal under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer the amounts in the fund described in section 408(a) of subtitle A of title IV of such Public Law into the gen-eral fund of the Treasury. S
EC. 635. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication ac-tivities, or other law enforcement- or victim assistance-related activity. S
EC. 636. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to finalize, adopt, implement, administer, or enforce any proposed rule under section 629 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 549) before the date that is 180 days after the completion of the following process: (1) There has been completed a study that— (A) evaluates the potential costs and bene-fits of the proposed rule and the potential costs and benefits of other market-based so-lutions; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4378 July 6, 2016 
(B) meets the requirements of subsection (b). (2) The Federal Communications Commis-sion has— (A) sought public comment on the study described in paragraph (1); (B) provided a period of not less than 90 days for the submission of such comments; and (C) addressed the concerns raised in the comment cycle under subparagraph (B) in a report adopted by vote of the Commission and made publicly available. (b) A study meets the requirements of this subsection if the study— (1) is a peer-reviewed study conducted by an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) or an individual in the individual’s capacity as a faculty mem-ber at such an institution; and (2) at minimum, analyzes the potential im-pact of the proposed rule on— (A) all parties in the video programming marketplace, including video programming creators, programming networks, multi-channel video programming distributors, and subscribers of multichannel video program-ming services; (B) video programming content diversity; (C) intellectual property and content li-censing; and (D) consumer privacy and the legal rem-edies available to consumers for violations of video privacy obligations. S
EC. 637. None of the funds made available in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 1017 of Public Law 111–203 may be used to take any action on the basis of an individual being a mortgage originator as defined in section 103(cc) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602(cc)) against any individual who is a retailer of manufactured homes or its employees, unless such retailer or its em-ployees receive compensation or gain for en-gaging in activities described in paragraph (1)(A) of such section 103(cc) that is in excess of any compensation or gain received in a comparable cash transaction. S
EC. 638. None of the funds made available in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 1017 of Public Law 111–203 may be used to en-force the provisions of section 129 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639) for any transaction that is less than $75,000 and is se-cured by a dwelling that is personal property or is a transaction that does not include the purchase of real property on which a dwell-ing is to be placed if— (1) the annual percentage rate at con-summation of the transaction, as determined under section 103(bb) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602(bb)) does not exceed 10 percentage points; and (2) the total points and fees payable in con-nection with the transaction, as determined under such section 103(bb), do not exceed the greater of 5 percent or $3,000. S
EC. 639. None of the funds made available by this Act, any other Act, or transferred to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion pursuant to section 1017 of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 may be used to issue or enforce any rule or regu-lation with respect to payday loans (as de-scribed under section 1024(a)(1)(E) of such Act), vehicle title loans, or other similar loans during fiscal year 2017 and the Bureau may not issue or enforce any such rule or regulation after fiscal year 2017 until such time as the Bureau has submitted to Con-gress a detailed report, after providing for a public comment period of not less than 90 days, that (1) analyzes the impact of any such rule or regulation on consumer access to credit, including an analysis of the rule or regulation’s impact on populations that have traditionally had limited access to credit; and (2) identifies existing alternative credit products that are immediately available to existing users of payday loans, vehicle title loans, or other similar loans at the same credit risk profiles and at sufficient levels to fully replace any anticipated potential re-duction in current sources of short-term, small-dollar credit as a result of the rule or regulation. SEC. 640. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act shall be used to implement, promulgate, finalize or enforce Executive Order 13673, issued July 31, 2014, or to develop any regulation or guidance related thereto, until— (1) a study is conducted by the Comptroller General analyzing the impacts of such order on affected Federal agencies’ missions, im-pacts on the industrial base, and including a cost benefit analysis of implementation of the such order versus potential alternatives; and (2) the Secretary of Labor has reviewed the report of the study conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) and certified that the benefits of the order outweigh any associated costs and will not impede agency missions. (b) The study to be conducted by the Comptroller General shall be publicly avail-able and shall be submitted to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and Senate. The elements of the study shall include an assessment of— (1) the estimated costs to each Federal agency or department to implement the Ex-ecutive order, including the costs of desig-nating labor compliance advisors and any other associated positions or resources need-ed to support the functions of the labor com-pliance advisors; (2) the effects of the Executive order on the industrial base (including the defense indus-trial base) and including input from both the Federal agencies (including the Department of Defense) and affected members of the in-dustrial base, including how the order would affect the ability of mission critical contrac-tors to continue to provide goods and serv-ices to the Federal Government; (3) any private sector capabilities that the agency or department would risk losing ac-cess to if the Executive order were imple-mented as defined in the FAR proposed rule (FAR Case 2014–025; Docket No. 2014–0025) and any related final rule; (4) costs to prime contractors and sub-contractors associated with complying with the proposed rule or any related final rule, including the costs of having to create new information systems or processes to obtain and manage the data required by the Execu-tive order; (5) the effect of the Executive order on Federal acquisition competition and the ability to encourage non-traditional contrac-tors to compete in the Federal market; (6) the effect of the Executive order on the ability of the Federal Government to meet statutory small business prime contracting and subcontracting goals, including such goals for minority-owned, women-owned, and service-disabled veteran-owned small busi-nesses; (7) the total number of violations (as de-fined in the proposed Department of Labor guidance) and the number of such violations where a challenge was still pending that would trigger disclosure by potential bidders to a Government solicitation; (8) any delays to the procurement process that will result from the implementation of the Executive order; (9) alternative approaches to effect the goal of the Executive order, including poten-tial improvements to Government informa-tion systems, that could provide greater transparency into labor law compliance without shifting the reporting burden to in-dustry; and (10) such other matters as the Comptroller General determines relevant. SEC. 641. (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion or the administrative expenses in connection with a multi-State qualified health plan offered under a contract under section 1334 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18054) which provides any benefits or coverage for abor-tions. (2) The provision of paragraph (1) shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS—GOVERNMENT- WIDE D
EPARTMENTS , AGENCIES , ANDCORPORATIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 701. No department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States receiving ap-propriated funds under this or any other Act for fiscal year 2017 shall obligate or expend any such funds, unless such department, agency, or instrumentality has in place, and will continue to administer in good faith, a written policy designed to ensure that all of its workplaces are free from the illegal use, possession, or distribution of controlled sub-stances (as defined in the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) by the officers and employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality. S
EC. 702. Unless otherwise specifically pro-vided, the maximum amount allowable dur-ing the current fiscal year in accordance with subsection 1343(c) of title 31, United States Code, for the purchase of any pas-senger motor vehicle (exclusive of buses, am-bulances, law enforcement vehicles, protec-tive vehicles, and undercover surveillance vehicles), is hereby fixed at $19,947 except station wagons for which the maximum shall be $19,997: Provided, That these limits may be exceeded by not to exceed $7,250 for police- type vehicles: Provided further, That the lim-its set forth in this section may not be ex-ceeded by more than 5 percent for electric or hybrid vehicles purchased for demonstration under the provisions of the Electric and Hy-brid Vehicle Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1976: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may be exceeded by the incremental cost of clean alternative fuels vehicles acquired pursuant to Public Law 101–549 over the cost of com-parable conventionally fueled vehicles: Pro- vided further, That the limits set forth in this section shall not apply to any vehicle that is a commercial item and which operates on al-ternative fuel, including but not limited to electric, plug-in hybrid electric, and hydro-gen fuel cell vehicles. S
EC. 703. Appropriations of the executive departments and independent establishments for the current fiscal year available for ex-penses of travel, or for the expenses of the activity concerned, are hereby made avail-able for quarters allowances and cost-of-liv-ing allowances, in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5922–5924. S
EC. 704. Unless otherwise specified in law during the current fiscal year, no part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be used to pay the compensation of any officer or employee of the Government of the United States (including any agency the majority of the stock of which is owned by the Government of the United States) whose post of duty is in the continental United States unless such person: (1) is a cit-izen of the United States; (2) is a person who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence and is seeking citizenship as outlined in 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4379 July 6, 2016 
U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)(B); (3) is a person who is admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. 1157 or is granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. 1158 and has filed a declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident and then a citizen when eligible; or (4) is a person who owes al-legiance to the United States: Provided, That for purposes of this section, affidavits signed by any such person shall be considered prima facie evidence that the requirements of this section with respect to his or her status are being complied with: Provided further, That for purposes of subsections (2) and (3) such affidavits shall be submitted prior to em-ployment and updated thereafter as nec-essary: Provided further, That any payment made to any officer or employee contrary to the provisions of this section shall be recov-erable in action by the Federal Government: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to any person who is an officer or em-ployee of the Government of the United States on the date of enactment of this Act, or to international broadcasters employed by the Broadcasting Board of Governors, or to temporary employment of translators, or to temporary employment in the field service (not to exceed 60 days) as a result of emer-gencies: Provided further, That this section does not apply to the employment as wildland firefighters for not more than 120 days of nonresident aliens employed by the Department of the Interior or the USDA For-est Service pursuant to an agreement with another country. S
EC. 705. Appropriations available to any department or agency during the current fis-cal year for necessary expenses, including maintenance or operating expenses, shall also be available for payment to the General Services Administration for charges for space and services and those expenses of ren-ovation and alteration of buildings and fa-cilities which constitute public improve-ments performed in accordance with the Public Buildings Act of 1959 (73 Stat. 479), the Public Buildings Amendments of 1972 (86 Stat. 216), or other applicable law. S
EC. 706. In addition to funds provided in this or any other Act, all Federal agencies are authorized to receive and use funds re-sulting from the sale of materials, including Federal records disposed of pursuant to a records schedule recovered through recycling or waste prevention programs. Such funds shall be available until expended for the fol-lowing purposes: (1) Acquisition, waste reduction and pre-vention, and recycling programs as described in Executive Order No. 13693 (March 19, 2015), including any such programs adopted prior to the effective date of the Executive order. (2) Other Federal agency environmental management programs, including, but not limited to, the development and implemen-tation of hazardous waste management and pollution prevention programs. (3) Other employee programs as authorized by law or as deemed appropriate by the head of the Federal agency. S
EC. 707. Funds made available by this or any other Act for administrative expenses in the current fiscal year of the corporations and agencies subject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available, in ad-dition to objects for which such funds are otherwise available, for rent in the District of Columbia; services in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3109; and the objects specified under this head, all the provisions of which shall be applicable to the expenditure of such funds unless otherwise specified in the Act by which they are made available: Provided, That in the event any functions budgeted as administrative expenses are subsequently transferred to or paid from other funds, the limitations on administrative expenses shall be correspondingly reduced. SEC. 708. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for interagency financing of boards (except Federal Executive Boards), commis-sions, councils, committees, or similar groups (whether or not they are interagency entities) which do not have a prior and spe-cific statutory approval to receive financial support from more than one agency or in-strumentality. S
EC. 709. None of the funds made available pursuant to the provisions of this or any other Act shall be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce any regulation which has been disapproved pursuant to a joint resolu-tion duly adopted in accordance with the ap-plicable law of the United States. S
EC. 710. During the period in which the head of any department or agency, or any other officer or civilian employee of the Fed-eral Government appointed by the President of the United States, holds office, no funds may be obligated or expended in excess of $5,000 to furnish or redecorate the office of such department head, agency head, officer, or employee, or to purchase furniture or make improvements for any such office, un-less advance notice of such furnishing or re-decoration is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate. For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘office’’ shall include the entire suite of offices assigned to the in-dividual, as well as any other space used pri-marily by the individual or the use of which is directly controlled by the individual. S
EC. 711. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the inter-agency funding of national security and emergency preparedness telecommunications initiatives which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities, as pro-vided by Executive Order No. 13618 (July 6, 2012). S
EC. 712. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this or any other Act may be obli-gated or expended by any department, agen-cy, or other instrumentality of the Federal Government to pay the salaries or expenses of any individual appointed to a position of a confidential or policy-determining char-acter that is excepted from the competitive service under section 3302 of title 5, United States Code, (pursuant to schedule C of sub-part C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations) unless the head of the applicable department, agency, or other in-strumentality employing such schedule C in-dividual certifies to the Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management that the schedule C position occupied by the indi-vidual was not created solely or primarily in order to detail the individual to the White House. (b) The provisions of this section shall not apply to Federal employees or members of the Armed Forces detailed to or from an ele-ment of the intelligence community (as that term is defined under section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))). S
EC. 713. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for the payment of the salary of any officer or employee of the Federal Gov-ernment, who— (1) prohibits or prevents, or attempts or threatens to prohibit or prevent, any other officer or employee of the Federal Govern-ment from having any direct oral or written communication or contact with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress in connection with any matter pertaining to the employment of such other officer or em-ployee or pertaining to the department or agency of such other officer or employee in any way, irrespective of whether such com-munication or contact is at the initiative of such other officer or employee or in response to the request or inquiry of such Member, committee, or subcommittee; or (2) removes, suspends from duty without pay, demotes, reduces in rank, seniority, sta-tus, pay, or performance or efficiency rating, denies promotion to, relocates, reassigns, transfers, disciplines, or discriminates in re-gard to any employment right, entitlement, or benefit, or any term or condition of em-ployment of, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government, or attempts or threatens to commit any of the foregoing ac-tions with respect to such other officer or employee, by reason of any communication or contact of such other officer or employee with any Member, committee, or sub-committee of the Congress as described in paragraph (1). SEC. 714. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be obli-gated or expended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing di-rectly upon the performance of official du-ties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notifi-cation of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associ-ated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as de-fined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated Sep-tember 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle out-side the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. S
EC. 715. No part of any funds appropriated in this or any other Act shall be used by an agency of the executive branch, other than for normal and recognized executive-legisla-tive relationships, for publicity or propa-ganda purposes, and for the preparation, dis-tribution or use of any kit, pamphlet, book-let, publication, radio, television, infographic, social media, or film presen-tation designed to support or defeat legisla-tion pending before the Congress, except in presentation to the Congress itself. S
EC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act may be used by an agency to provide a Federal employee’s home address to any labor organization ex-cept when the employee has authorized such disclosure or when such disclosure has been ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. S
EC. 717. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pro-vide any non-public information such as mailing, telephone or electronic mailing lists to any person or any organization out-side of the Federal Government without the approval of the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 718. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be used directly or indirectly, including by private contractor, for publicity or propaganda pur-poses within the United States not here-tofore authorized by Congress. S
EC. 719. (a) In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’— (1) means an Executive agency, as defined under 5 U.S.C. 105; and (2) includes a military department, as de-fined under section 102 of such title, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4380 July 6, 2016 
United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission. (b) Unless authorized in accordance with law or regulations to use such time for other purposes, an employee of an agency shall use official time in an honest effort to perform official duties. An employee not under a leave system, including a Presidential ap-pointee exempted under 5 U.S.C. 6301(2), has an obligation to expend an honest effort and a reasonable proportion of such employee’s time in the performance of official duties. S
EC. 720. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, funds made avail-able for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act to any department or agency, which is a member of the Federal Account-ing Standards Advisory Board (FASAB), shall be available to finance an appropriate share of FASAB administrative costs. S
EC. 721. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, the head of each Executive department and agency is hereby authorized to transfer to or reimburse ‘‘Gen-eral Services Administration, Government- wide Policy’’ with the approval of the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act, including re-bates from charge card and other contracts: Provided, That these funds shall be adminis-tered by the Administrator of General Serv-ices to support Government-wide and other multi-agency financial, information tech-nology, procurement, and other management innovations, initiatives, and activities, in-cluding improving coordination and reducing duplication, as approved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the appropriate inter-agency and multi-agency groups designated by the Director (including the President’s Management Council for overall manage-ment improvement initiatives, the Chief Fi-nancial Officers Council for financial man-agement initiatives, the Chief Information Officers Council for information technology initiatives, the Chief Human Capital Officers Council for human capital initiatives, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council for pro-curement initiatives, and the Performance Improvement Council for performance im-provement initiatives): Provided further, That the total funds transferred or reim-bursed shall not exceed $15,000,000 to improve coordination, reduce duplication, and for other activities related to Federal Govern-ment Priority Goals established by 31 U.S.C. 1120, and not to exceed $17,000,000 for Govern-ment-Wide innovations, initiatives, and ac-tivities: Provided further, That the funds transferred to or for reimbursement of ‘‘Gen-eral Services Administration, Government- wide Policy’’ during fiscal year 2017 shall re-main available for obligation through Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided further, That such transfers or reimbursements may only be made after 15 days following notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. S
EC. 722. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, a woman may breastfeed her child at any location in a Federal building or on Federal property, if the woman and her child are otherwise authorized to be present at the location. S
EC. 723. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the inter-agency funding of specific projects, work-shops, studies, and similar efforts to carry out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Council (authorized by Execu-tive Order No. 12881), which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities: Provided, That the Office of Management and Budget shall provide a report describing the budget of and resources connected with the National Science and Technology Council to the Committees on Appropriations, the House Committee on Science and Tech-nology, and the Senate Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation 90 days after enactment of this Act. SEC. 724. Any request for proposals, solici-tation, grant application, form, notification, press release, or other publications involving the distribution of Federal funds shall com-ply with any relevant requirements in part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That this section shall apply to di-rect payments, formula funds, and grants re-ceived by a State receiving Federal funds. S
EC. 725. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FEDERAL AGEN-
CYMONITORING OF INDIVIDUALS ’ INTERNET  U
SE.—None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by any Federal agency— (1) to collect, review, or create any aggre-gation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable informa-tion relating to an individual’s access to or use of any Federal Government Internet site of the agency; or (2) to enter into any agreement with a third party (including another government agency) to collect, review, or obtain any ag-gregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable in-formation relating to an individual’s access to or use of any nongovernmental Internet site. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations estab-lished in subsection (a) shall not apply to— (1) any record of aggregate data that does not identify particular persons; (2) any voluntary submission of personally identifiable information; (3) any action taken for law enforcement, regulatory, or supervisory purposes, in ac-cordance with applicable law; or (4) any action described in subsection (a)(1) that is a system security action taken by the operator of an Internet site and is nec-essarily incident to providing the Internet site services or to protecting the rights or property of the provider of the Internet site. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) The term ‘‘regulatory’’ means agency actions to implement, interpret or enforce authorities provided in law. (2) The term ‘‘supervisory’’ means exami-nations of the agency’s supervised institu-tions, including assessing safety and sound-ness, overall financial condition, manage-ment practices and policies and compliance with applicable standards as provided in law. S
EC. 726. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to enter into or renew a contract which includes a provision providing prescription drug coverage, except where the contract also includes a provision for contraceptive coverage. (b) Nothing in this section shall apply to a contract with— (1) any of the following religious plans: (A) Personal Care’s HMO; and (B) OSF HealthPlans, Inc.; and (2) any existing or future plan, if the car-rier for the plan objects to such coverage on the basis of religious beliefs. (c) In implementing this section, any plan that enters into or renews a contract under this section may not subject any individual to discrimination on the basis that the indi-vidual refuses to prescribe or otherwise pro-vide for contraceptives because such activi-ties would be contrary to the individual’s re-ligious beliefs or moral convictions. (d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to require coverage of abortion or abortion-related services. SEC. 727. The United States is committed to ensuring the health of its Olympic, Pan American, and Paralympic athletes, and sup-ports the strict adherence to anti-doping in sport through testing, adjudication, edu-cation, and research as performed by nation-ally recognized oversight authorities. S
EC. 728. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds appropriated for official travel to Federal departments and agencies may be used by such departments and agen-cies, if consistent with Office of Management and Budget Circular A–126 regarding official travel for Government personnel, to partici-pate in the fractional aircraft ownership pilot program. S
EC. 729. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this or any other ap-propriations Act may be used to implement or enforce restrictions or limitations on the Coast Guard Congressional Fellowship Pro-gram, or to implement the proposed regula-tions of the Office of Personnel Management to add sections 300.311 through 300.316 to part 300 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regula-tions, published in the Federal Register, vol-ume 68, number 174, on September 9, 2003 (re-lating to the detail of executive branch em-ployees to the legislative branch). S
EC. 730. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no executive branch agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to ex-isting locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement train-ing without the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training which can-not be accommodated in existing Center fa-cilities. S
EC. 731. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act may be used by an ex-ecutive branch agency to produce any pre-packaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States, unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. S
EC. 732. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (popularly known as the Privacy Act), and regulations implementing that section. S
EC. 733. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this or any other Act may be used for any Federal Government contract with any foreign incorporated entity which is treated as an inverted domestic corporation under section 835(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(b)) or any subsidiary of such an entity. (b) W
AIVERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Secretary shall waive subsection (a) with respect to any Federal Government contract under the authority of such Secretary if the Secretary determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national security. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Any Secretary issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall re-port such issuance to Congress. (c) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to any Federal Government contract entered into before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, or to any task order issued pursuant to such contract. S
EC. 734. During fiscal year 2017, for each employee who— (1) retires under section 8336(d)(2) or 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4381 July 6, 2016 
(2) retires under any other provision of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of such title 5 and receives a payment as an in-centive to separate, the separating agency shall remit to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund an amount equal to the Office of Personnel Management’s average unit cost of processing a retirement claim for the preceding fiscal year. Such amounts shall be available until expended to the Of-fice of Personnel Management and shall be deemed to be an administrative expense under section 8348(a)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 735. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be used to recommend or require any entity submitting an offer for a Federal contract or otherwise performing or participating in acquisition at any stage of the acquisition process (as de-fined in section 131 of title 41, United States Code) of property or services by the Federal Government to disclose any of the following information as a condition of submitting the offer or otherwise performing in or partici-pating in such acquisition: (1) Any payment consisting of a contribu-tion, expenditure, independent expenditure, or disbursement for an electioneering com-munication that is made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to a candidate for election for Federal office or to a political committee, or that is otherwise made with respect to any election for Federal office. (2) Any disbursement of funds (other than a payment described in paragraph (1)) made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to any person with the intent or the reasonable expecta-tion that the person will use the funds to make a payment described in paragraph (1). (b) In this section, each of the terms ‘‘con-tribution’’, ‘‘expenditure’’, ‘‘independent ex-penditure’’, ‘‘electioneering communica-tion’’, ‘‘candidate’’, ‘‘election’’, and ‘‘Federal office’’ has the meaning given such term in the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (2 U.S.C. 431 et seq.). S
EC. 736. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay for the painting of a portrait of an officer or employee of the Federal government, includ-ing the President, the Vice President, a member of Congress (including a Delegate or a Resident Commissioner to Congress), the head of an executive branch agency (as de-fined in section 133 of title 41, United States Code), or the head of an office of the legisla-tive branch. S
EC. 737. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as otherwise provided in this section, no part of any of the funds appropriated for fiscal year 2017, by this or any other Act, may be used to pay any prevailing rate employee described in section 5342(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code— (A) during the period from the date of expi-ration of the limitation imposed by the com-parable section for the previous fiscal years until the normal effective date of the appli-cable wage survey adjustment that is to take effect in fiscal year 2017, in an amount that exceeds the rate payable for the applicable grade and step of the applicable wage sched-ule in accordance with such section; and (B) during the period consisting of the re-mainder of fiscal year 2017, in an amount that exceeds, as a result of a wage survey ad-justment, the rate payable under subpara-graph (A) by more than the sum of— (i) the percentage adjustment taking effect in fiscal year 2017 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, in the rates of pay under the General Schedule; and (ii) the difference between the overall aver-age percentage of the locality-based com-parability payments taking effect in fiscal year 2017 under section 5304 of such title (whether by adjustment or otherwise), and the overall average percentage of such pay-ments which was effective in the previous fiscal year under such section. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no prevailing rate employee described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 5342(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, and no em-ployee covered by section 5348 of such title, may be paid during the periods for which paragraph (1) is in effect at a rate that ex-ceeds the rates that would be payable under paragraph (1) were paragraph (1) applicable to such employee. (3) For the purposes of this subsection, the rates payable to an employee who is covered by this subsection and who is paid from a schedule not in existence on September 30, 2016, shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Man-agement. (4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, rates of premium pay for employees sub-ject to this subsection may not be changed from the rates in effect on September 30, 2016, except to the extent determined by the Office of Personnel Management to be con-sistent with the purpose of this subsection. (5) This subsection shall apply with respect to pay for service performed after September 30, 2016. (6) For the purpose of administering any provision of law (including any rule or regu-lation that provides premium pay, retire-ment, life insurance, or any other employee benefit) that requires any deduction or con-tribution, or that imposes any requirement or limitation on the basis of a rate of salary or basic pay, the rate of salary or basic pay payable after the application of this sub-section shall be treated as the rate of salary or basic pay. (7) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-sidered to permit or require the payment to any employee covered by this subsection at a rate in excess of the rate that would be pay-able were this subsection not in effect. (8) The Office of Personnel Management may provide for exceptions to the limita-tions imposed by this subsection if the Office determines that such exceptions are nec-essary to ensure the recruitment or reten-tion of qualified employees. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the ad-justment in rates of basic pay for the statu-tory pay systems that take place in fiscal year 2017 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be— (1) not less than the percentage received by employees in the same location whose rates of basic pay are adjusted pursuant to the statutory pay systems under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code: Pro- vided, That prevailing rate employees at lo-cations where there are no employees whose pay is increased pursuant to sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code, and prevailing rate employees described in sec-tion 5343(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code, shall be considered to be located in the pay locality designated as ‘‘Rest of United States’’ pursuant to section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of this sub-section; and (2) effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2016. S
EC. 738. (a) The Vice President may not receive a pay raise in calendar year 2017, not-withstanding the rate adjustment made under section 104 of title 3, United States Code, or any other provision of law. (b) An employee serving in an Executive Schedule position, or in a position for which the rate of pay is fixed by statute at an Ex-ecutive Schedule rate, may not receive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2017, notwith-standing schedule adjustments made under section 5318 of title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law, except as pro-vided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). This sub-section applies only to employees who are holding a position under a political appoint-ment. (c) A chief of mission or ambassador at large may not receive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2017, notwithstanding section 401 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465) or any other provision of law, ex-cept as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). (d) Notwithstanding sections 5382 and 5383 of title 5, United States Code, a pay rate in-crease may not be received in calendar year 2017 (except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i)) by— (1) a noncareer appointee in the Senior Ex-ecutive Service paid a rate of basic pay at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule; or (2) a limited term appointee or limited emergency appointee in the Senior Execu-tive Service serving under a political ap-pointment and paid a rate of basic pay at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule. (e) Any employee paid a rate of basic pay (including any locality-based payments under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, or similar authority) at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule who serves under a political appointment may not re-ceive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2017, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). This subsection does not apply to em-ployees in the General Schedule pay system or the Foreign Service pay system, or to em-ployees appointed under section 3161 of title 5, United States Code, or to employees in an-other pay system whose position would be classified at GS–15 or below if chapter 51 of title 5, United States Code, applied to them. (f) Nothing in subsections (b) through (e) shall prevent employees who do not serve under a political appointment from receiving pay increases as otherwise provided under applicable law. (g) A career appointee in the Senior Execu-tive Service who receives a Presidential ap-pointment and who makes an election to re-tain Senior Executive Service basic pay enti-tlements under section 3392 of title 5, United States Code, is not subject to this section. (h) A member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice who receives a Presidential appointment to any position in the executive branch and who makes an election to retain Senior For-eign Service pay entitlements under section 302(b) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465) is not subject to this sec-tion. (i) Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (e), an employee in a covered posi-tion may receive a pay rate increase upon an authorized movement to a different covered position with higher-level duties and a pre- established higher level or range of pay, ex-cept that any such increase must be based on the rates of pay and applicable pay limita-tions in effect on December 31, 2013. (j) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for an individual who is newly appointed to a covered position during the period of time subject to this section, the initial pay rate shall be based on the rates of pay and applicable pay limitations in effect on De-cember 31, 2013. (k) If an employee affected by subsections (b) through (e) is subject to a biweekly pay period that begins in calendar year 2017 but ends in calendar year 2018, the bar on the em-ployee’s receipt of pay rate increases shall apply through the end of that pay period. S
EC. 739. (a) The head of any Executive branch department, agency, board, commis-sion, or office funded by this or any other ap-propriations Act shall submit annual reports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4382 July 6, 2016 
to the Inspector General or senior ethics offi-cial for any entity without an Inspector Gen-eral, regarding the costs and contracting procedures related to each conference held by any such department, agency, board, com-mission, or office during fiscal year 2017 for which the cost to the United States Govern-ment was more than $100,000. (b) Each report submitted shall include, for each conference described in subsection (a) held during the applicable period— (1) a description of its purpose; (2) the number of participants attending; (3) a detailed statement of the costs to the United States Government, including— (A) the cost of any food or beverages; (B) the cost of any audio-visual services; (C) the cost of employee or contractor travel to and from the conference; and (D) a discussion of the methodology used to determine which costs relate to the con-ference; and (4) a description of the contracting proce-dures used including— (A) whether contracts were awarded on a competitive basis; and (B) a discussion of any cost comparison conducted by the departmental component or office in evaluating potential contractors for the conference. (c) Within 15 days after the end of a quar-ter, the head of any such department, agen-cy, board, commission, or office shall notify the Inspector General or senior ethics offi-cial for any entity without an Inspector Gen-eral, of the date, location, and number of em-ployees attending a conference held by any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropriations Act during fiscal year 2017 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $20,000. (d) A grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this or any other appropria-tions Act may not be used for the purpose of defraying the costs of a conference described in subsection (c) that is not directly and pro-grammatically related to the purpose for which the grant or contract was awarded, such as a conference held in connection with planning, training, assessment, review, or other routine purposes related to a project funded by the grant or contract. (e) None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used for travel and conference activities that are not in compliance with Office of Manage-ment and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012 or any subsequent revi-sions to that memorandum. S
EC. 740. None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used to increase, eliminate, or reduce funding for a program, project, or activity as proposed in the President’s budget request for a fiscal year until such proposed change is subsequently enacted in an appropriation Act, or unless such change is made pursuant to the reprogramming or transfer provisions of this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 741. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with an en-tity that requires employees or contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or con-tractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Fed-eral department or agency authorized to re-ceive such information. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classi-fied information. SEC. 742. (a) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce the agreements in Standard Forms 312 and 4414 of the Government or any other nondisclosure policy, form, or agree-ment if such policy, form, or agreement does not contain the following provisions: ‘‘These provisions are consistent with and do not su-persede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by existing statute or Executive order relating to (1) classified information, (2) communications to Congress, (3) the re-porting to an Inspector General of a viola-tion of any law, rule, or regulation, or mis-management, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and spe-cific danger to public health or safety, or (4) any other whistleblower protection. The definitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by controlling Executive orders and statutory provisions are incorporated into this agree-ment and are controlling.’’: Provided, That notwithstanding the preceding provision of this section, a nondisclosure policy form or agreement that is to be executed by a person connected with the conduct of an intel-ligence or intelligence-related activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may contain pro-visions appropriate to the particular activity for which such document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, re-quire that the person will not disclose any classified information received in the course of such activity unless specifically author-ized to do so by the United States Govern-ment. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not bar disclo-sures to Congress, or to an authorized offi-cial of an executive agency or the Depart-ment of Justice, that are essential to report-ing a substantial violation of law. (b) A nondisclosure agreement may con-tinue to be implemented and enforced not-withstanding subsection (a) if it complies with the requirements for such agreement that were in effect when the agreement was entered into. (c) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or en-force any agreement entered into during fis-cal year 2014 which does not contain substan-tially similar language to that required in subsection (a). S
EC. 743. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been as-sessed, for which all judicial and administra-tive remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. S
EC. 744. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was con-victed of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determina-tion that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. SEC. 745. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act may be used to— (a) implement, administer, carry out, mod-ify, revise, or enforce Executive Order 13690, entitled ‘‘Establishing a Federal Flood Risk Management Standard and a Process for Further Soliciting and Considering Stake-holder Input’’ (issued January 30, 2015), until such time as each affected agency–— (1) publically releases and submits to the appropriate Congressional committees an implementation plan that identifies all spe-cific agency responsibilities and program changes, including an assessment of the near term and long term costs and benefits of the responsibilities and changes identified in such plan and (2) seeks public comment on any regula-tion, policy, or guidance to implement Exec-utive Order 13690 for not less than 180 days and holds at least one public hearing; or (b) implement Executive Order 13690 in a manner that modifies the non-grant compo-nents of the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4011 et seq.); or (c) apply Executive Order 13690 or the Fed-eral Flood Risk Management Standard by any component of the Department of De-fense, including the Army Corps of Engineers in a way that changes the ‘‘floodplain’’ con-sidered when determining whether or not to issue a permit under section 404 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344) or section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (chapter 425, 30 Stat. 1151; 33 U.S.C. 403). S
EC. 746. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in any title other than title IV or VIII shall not apply to such title IV or VIII. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS—DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 801. There are appropriated from the applicable funds of the District of Columbia such sums as may be necessary for making refunds and for the payment of legal settle-ments or judgments that have been entered against the District of Columbia govern-ment. S
EC. 802. None of the Federal funds pro-vided in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes or implementation of any policy including boycott designed to support or defeat legislation pending before Congress or any State legislature. S
EC. 803. (a) None of the Federal funds pro-vided under this Act to the agencies funded by this Act, both Federal and District gov-ernment agencies, that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2017, or provided from any accounts in the Treas-ury of the United States derived by the col-lection of fees available to the agencies fund-ed by this Act, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditures for an agency through a reprogramming of funds which— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or re-sponsibility center; (3) establishes or changes allocations spe-cifically denied, limited or increased under this Act; (4) increases funds or personnel by any means for any program, project, or responsi-bility center for which funds have been de-nied or restricted; (5) re-establishes any program or project previously deferred through reprogramming; (6) augments any existing program, project, or responsibility center through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $3,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4383 July 6, 2016 
(7) increases by 20 percent or more per-sonnel assigned to a specific program, project or responsibility center, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to approve and execute re-programming and transfer requests of local funds under this title through November 7, 2017. S
EC. 804. None of the Federal funds pro-vided in this Act may be used by the District of Columbia to provide for salaries, expenses, or other costs associated with the offices of United States Senator or United States Rep-resentative under section 4(d) of the District of Columbia Statehood Constitutional Con-vention Initiatives of 1979 (D.C. Law 3–171; D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–123). S
EC. 805. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made avail-able by this Act or by any other Act may be used to provide any officer or employee of the District of Columbia with an official ve-hicle unless the officer or employee uses the vehicle only in the performance of the offi-cer’s or employee’s official duties. For pur-poses of this section, the term ‘‘official du-ties’’ does not include travel between the of-ficer’s or employee’s residence and work-place, except in the case of— (1) an officer or employee of the Metropoli-tan Police Department who resides in the District of Columbia or is otherwise des-ignated by the Chief of the Department; (2) at the discretion of the Fire Chief, an officer or employee of the District of Colum-bia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (3) at the discretion of the Director of the Department of Corrections, an officer or em-ployee of the District of Columbia Depart-ment of Corrections who resides in the Dis-trict of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (4) at the discretion of the Chief Medical Examiner, an officer or employee of the Of-fice of the Chief Medical Examiner who re-sides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (5) at the discretion of the Director of the Homeland Security and Emergency Manage-ment Agency, an officer or employee of the Homeland Security and Emergency Manage-ment Agency who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (6) the Mayor of the District of Columbia; and (7) the Chairman of the Council of the Dis-trict of Columbia. S
EC. 806. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used by the Dis-trict of Columbia Attorney General or any other officer or entity of the District govern-ment to provide assistance for any petition drive or civil action which seeks to require Congress to provide for voting representa-tion in Congress for the District of Colum-bia. (b) Nothing in this section bars the Dis-trict of Columbia Attorney General from re-viewing or commenting on briefs in private lawsuits, or from consulting with officials of the District government regarding such law-suits. S
EC. 807. None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used for any pro-gram of distributing sterile needles or sy-ringes for the hypodermic injection of any il-legal drug. S
EC. 808. Nothing in this Act may be con-strued to prevent the Council or Mayor of the District of Columbia from addressing the issue of the provision of contraceptive cov-erage by health insurance plans, but it is the intent of Congress that any legislation en-acted on such issue should include a ‘‘con-science clause’’ which provides exceptions for religious beliefs and moral convictions. SEC. 809. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used to enact or carry out any law, rule, or regulation to le-galize or otherwise reduce penalties associ-ated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative. (b) No funds available for obligation or ex-penditure by any officer or employee of the District of Columbia government may be used to enact any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associ-ated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative for recreational purposes. S
EC. 810. No funds available for obligation or expenditure by any officer or employee of the District of Columbia government shall be expended for any abortion except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term or where the preg-nancy is the result of an act of rape or in-cest. S
EC. 811. (a) No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council of the District of Columbia, a re-vised appropriated funds operating budget in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42), for all agencies of the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2017 that is in the total amount of the approved appropriation and that realigns all budgeted data for per-sonal services and other-than-personal serv-ices, respectively, with anticipated actual expenditures. (b) This section shall apply only to an agency for which the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia certifies that a reallocation is required to address unantici-pated changes in program requirements. S
EC. 812. No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council for the District of Columbia, a re-vised appropriated funds operating budget for the District of Columbia Public Schools that aligns schools budgets to actual enroll-ment. The revised appropriated funds budget shall be in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Co-lumbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42). S
EC. 813. (a) Amounts appropriated in this Act as operating funds may be transferred to the District of Columbia’s enterprise and capital funds and such amounts, once trans-ferred, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to reprogram or transfer for oper-ating expenses any local funds transferred or reprogrammed in this or the four prior fiscal years from operating funds to capital funds, and such amounts, once transferred or repro-grammed, shall retain appropriation author-ity consistent with the provisions of this Act. (c) The District of Columbia government may not transfer or reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. SEC. 814. None of the Federal funds appro-priated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appro-priations, unless expressly so provided here-in. S
EC. 815. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law or under this Act, not to ex-ceed 50 percent of unobligated balances re-maining available at the end of fiscal year 2017 from appropriations of Federal funds made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2017 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2018, for each such account for the purposes author-ized: Provided, That a request shall be sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these re-quests shall be made in compliance with re-programming guidelines outlined in section 803 of this Act. S
EC. 816. (a)(1) During fiscal year 2018, dur-ing a period in which neither a District of Columbia continuing resolution or a regular District of Columbia appropriation bill is in effect, local funds are appropriated in the amount provided for any project or activity for which local funds are provided in the Act referred to in paragraph (2) (subject to any modifications enacted by the District of Co-lumbia as of the beginning of the period dur-ing which this subsection is in effect) at the rate set forth by such Act. (2) The Act referred to in this paragraph is the Act of the Council of the District of Co-lumbia pursuant to which a proposed budget is approved for fiscal year 2018 which (subject to the requirements of the District of Colum-bia Home Rule Act) will constitute the local portion of the annual budget for the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2018 for purposes of section 446 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1-204.46, D.C. Official Code). (b) Appropriations made by subsection (a) shall cease to be available— (1) during any period in which a District of Columbia continuing resolution for fiscal year 2018 is in effect; or (2) upon the enactment into law of the reg-ular District of Columbia appropriation bill for fiscal year 2018. (c) An appropriation made by subsection (a) is provided under the authority and con-ditions as provided under this Act and shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by this Act. (d) An appropriation made by subsection (a) shall cover all obligations or expendi-tures incurred for such project or activity during the portion of fiscal year 2018 for which this section applies to such project or activity. (e) This section shall not apply to a project or activity during any period of fiscal year 2018 if any other provision of law (other than an authorization of appropriations)— (1) makes an appropriation, makes funds available, or grants authority for such project or activity to continue for such pe-riod; or (2) specifically provides that no appropria-tion shall be made, no funds shall be made available, or no authority shall be granted for such project or activity to continue for such period. (f) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to affect obligations of the govern-ment of the District of Columbia mandated by other law. S
EC. 817. (a) Effective with respect to fiscal year 2013 and each succeeding fiscal year, the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012 (D.C. Law 19–321) is hereby repealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such Act shall be restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted into law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4384 July 6, 2016 
(b)(1) Section 450 of the District of Colum-bia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.50, D.C. Official Code) is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The General Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGEN-
ERAL .—The General Fund’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION OF FEDERAL APPROPRIA -
TIONS PROCESS .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as creating a continuing appro-priation of the General Fund described in subsection (a). All funds provided for the Dis-trict of Columbia shall be appropriated on an annual fiscal year basis through the Federal appropriations process. For each fiscal year, the District shall be subject to all applicable requirements of subchapter III of chapter 13 and subchapter II of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Anti-Deficiency Act’), the Budget and Ac-counting Act of 1921, and all other require-ments and restrictions applicable to appro-priations for such fiscal year.’’. (2) Section 603(a) of such Act (sec. 1– 206.03(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘existing’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, or as authorizing the District of Columbia to make any such change.’’. (3) The amendments made by this sub-section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act. S
EC. 818. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this title or in title IV shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this title or of title IV. TITLE IX SOAR REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES IN TITLE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Reauthorization Act’’ or the ‘‘SOAR Reauthorization Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES IN TITLE.—Except as other-wise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment is expressed in terms of an amendment to or repeal of a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to that section or other provision of the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10; sec. 38–1853.01 et seq., D.C. Offi-cial Code). 
SEC. 902. REPEAL. 
Section 817 of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113) is re-pealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such section is restored or re-vived as if such section had not been enacted into law. 
SEC. 903. PURPOSES. 
Section 3003 (sec. 38–1853.03, D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking ‘‘particularly parents’’ and all that follows through ‘‘, with’’ and inserting ‘‘particularly parents of students who attend an elementary school or secondary school identified as one of the low-est-performing schools under the District of Columbia’s accountability system, with’’. 
SEC. 904. PROHIBITING IMPOSITION OF LIMITS ON TYPES OF ELIGIBLE STUDENTS PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM. 
Section 3004(a) (sec. 38–1853.04(a), D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITING IMPOSITION OF LIMITS ON  
ELIGIBLE STUDENTS PARTICIPATING IN THE PRO -
GRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram under this division, the Secretary may not limit the number of eligible students re-ceiving scholarships under section 3007(a), and may not prevent otherwise eligible stu-dents from participating in the program under this division, based on any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) The type of school the student pre-viously attended. ‘‘(ii) Whether or not the student previously received a scholarship or participated in the program, including whether an eligible stu-dent was awarded a scholarship in any pre-vious year but has not used the scholarship, regardless of the number of years of nonuse. ‘‘(iii) Whether or not the student was a member of the control group used by the In-stitute of Education Sciences to carry out previous evaluations of the program under section 3009. ‘‘(B) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subparagraph (A) may be construed to waive the requirement under section 3005(b)(1)(B) that the eligible entity carrying out the pro-gram under this Act must carry out a ran-dom selection process, which gives weight to the priorities described in section 3006, if more eligible students seek admission in the program than the program can accommo-date.’’. 
SEC. 905. REQUIRING ELIGIBLE ENTITIES TO UTI-LIZE INTERNAL FISCAL AND QUAL-ITY CONTROLS. 
Section 3005(b)(1) (sec. 38–1853.05(b)(1), D.C. Official Code) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘, ex-cept that a participating school may not be required to submit to more than 1 site visit per school year’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (K) and (L) as subparagraphs (L) and (M), respec-tively; (3) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following: ‘‘(K) how the entity will ensure the finan-cial viability of participating schools in which 85 percent or more of the total number of students enrolled at the school are partici-pating eligible students that receive and use an opportunity scholarship;’’; (4) in subparagraph (L), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(N) how the eligible entity will ensure that it— ‘‘(i) utilizes internal fiscal and quality con-trols; and ‘‘(ii) complies with applicable financial re-porting requirements and the requirements of this division; and’’. 
SEC. 906. CLARIFICATION OF PRIORITIES FOR AWARDING SCHOLARSHIPS TO ELI-GIBLE STUDENTS. 
Section 3006(1) (sec. 38–1853.06(1), D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘at-tended’’ and all that follows through the semicolon and inserting ‘‘attended an ele-mentary school or secondary school identi-fied as one of the lowest-performing schools under the District of Columbia’s account-ability system; and’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (B); (3) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); and (4) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or whether such stu-dents have, in the past, attended a private school;’’. 
SEC. 907. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR PARTICIPATING SCHOOLS AND ELI-GIBLE ENTITIES. 
(a) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ; COMPLI -
ANCE WITHREPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Sec- tion 3007(a)(4) (sec. 38–1853.07(a)(4), D.C. Offi-cial Code) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by striking subparagraph (F) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(F) ensures that, with respect to core sub-ject matter, participating students are taught by a teacher who has a baccalaureate degree or equivalent degree, whether such degree was awarded in or outside of the United States;’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) conducts criminal background checks on school employees who have direct and un-supervised interaction with students; and ‘‘(H) complies with all requests for data and information regarding the reporting re-quirements described in section 3010.’’. (b) ACCREDITATION .—Section 3007(a) (sec. 38–1853.07(a), D.C. Official Code), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (5)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A
CCREDITATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds pro-vided under this division for opportunity scholarships may be used by a participating eligible student to enroll in a participating private school unless the school— ‘‘(i) in the case of a school that is a partici-pating school as of the date of enactment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act— ‘‘(I) is fully accredited by an accrediting body described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 2202(16) of the District of Columbia School Reform Act of 1995 (Pub-lic Law 104–134; sec. 38–1802.02(16)(A)–(G), D.C. Official Code); or ‘‘(II) if such participating school does not meet the requirements of subclause (I)— ‘‘(aa) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), the school is pursuing full accreditation by an accrediting body described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) is fully accredited by such an accred-iting body not later than 5 years after the date on which that school began the process of pursuing full accreditation in accordance with item (aa); and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a school that is not a participating school as of the date of enact-ment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, is fully accredited by an accrediting body de-scribed in clause (i)(I) before becoming a par-ticipating school under this division. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enact-ment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, each participating school shall submit to the eli-gible entity a certification that the school has been fully accredited in accordance with subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) A
SSISTING STUDENTS IN ENROLLING IN  
OTHER SCHOOLS .—If a participating school fails to meet the requirements of this para-graph, the eligible entity shall assist the parents of the participating eligible students who attend the school in identifying, apply-ing to, and enrolling in another participating school under this division. ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF STUDENTS AWARDED A  
SCHOLARSHIP IN A PREVIOUS YEAR .—An eligi- ble entity shall treat a participating eligible student who was awarded an opportunity scholarship in any previous year and who has not used the scholarship as a renewal stu-dent and not as a new applicant, without re-gard as to— ‘‘(A) whether the eligible student has used the scholarship; and ‘‘(B) the year in which the scholarship was previously awarded.’’. (c) R
EQUIRING USE OF FUNDS REMAINING UN-
OBLIGATED FROMPREVIOUS FISCAL YEARS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3007 (sec. 38– 1853.07, D.C. Official Code) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4385 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(e) R EQUIRING USE OF FUNDS REMAINING  U
NOBLIGATED FROM PREVIOUS FISCAL  Y
EARS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that any funds appropriated for the opportunity schol-arship program under this division for any fiscal year remain available for subsequent fiscal years under section 3014(c), the Sec-retary shall make such funds available to el-igible entities receiving grants under section 3004(a) for the uses described in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) in the case of any remaining funds that were appropriated before the date of en-actment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, beginning on the date of enactment of such Act; and ‘‘(B) in the case of any remaining funds ap-propriated on or after the date of enactment of such Act, by the first day of the first sub-sequent fiscal year. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—If an eligible entity to which the Secretary provided additional funds under paragraph (1) elects to use such funds during a fiscal year, the eligible entity shall use— ‘‘(A) not less than 95 percent of such addi-tional funds to provide additional scholar-ships for eligible students under section 3007(a), or to increase the amount of the scholarships, during such year; and ‘‘(B) not more than a total of 5 percent of such additional funds for administrative ex-penses, parental assistance, or tutoring, as described in subsections (b) and (c), during such year. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—Any amounts made available for administrative expenses, paren-tal assistance, or tutoring under paragraph (2)(B) shall be in addition to any other amounts made available for such purposes in accordance with subsections (b) and (c).’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this title. (d) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES AND PARENTAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 3007 (sec. 38–1853.07, D.C. Official Code), as amended by this section, is further amend-ed— (1) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES AND PAREN -
TALASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall make $2,000,000 of the amount made available under section 3014(a)(1) for each fiscal year available to eligible entities receiving a grant under section 3004(a) to cover the fol-lowing expenses: ‘‘(1) The administrative expenses of car-rying out its program under this division during the year, including— ‘‘(A) determining the eligibility of stu-dents to participate; ‘‘(B) selecting the eligible students to re-ceive scholarships; ‘‘(C) determining the amount of the schol-arships and issuing the scholarships to eligi-ble students; ‘‘(D) compiling and maintaining financial and programmatic records; ‘‘(E) conducting site visits as described in section 3005(b)(1)(I); and ‘‘(F)(i) conducting a study, including a sur-vey of participating parents, on any barriers for participating eligible students in gaining admission to, or attending, the participating school that is their first choice; and ‘‘(ii) not later than the end of the first full fiscal year after the date of enactment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, submitting a re-port to Congress that contains the results of such study. ‘‘(2) The expenses of educating parents about the eligible entity’s program under this division, and assisting parents through the application process under this division, including— ‘‘(A) providing information about the pro-gram and the participating schools to par-ents of eligible students, including informa-tion on supplemental financial aid that may be available at participating schools; ‘‘(B) providing funds to assist parents of students in meeting expenses that might otherwise preclude the participation of eligi-ble students in the program; and ‘‘(C) streamlining the application process for parents.’’; and (2) by redesignating subsection (d), and subsection (e) (as added by subsection (c)(1)), as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. (e) CLARIFICATION OF USE OF FUNDS FOR  S
TUDENT ACADEMIC ASSISTANCE .—Section 3007(c) (sec. 38–1853.07(c), D.C. Official Code), as redesignated by subsection (d)(2), is amended by striking ‘‘previously attended’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘previously attended an elementary school or secondary school identified as one of the lowest-performing schools under the District of Columbia’s ac-countability system.’’. 
SEC. 908. PROGRAM EVALUATION. 
(a) R EVISION OF EVALUATION PROCEDURES  
ANDREQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3009(a) (sec. 38– 1853.09(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) D
UTIES OF THE SECRETARY AND THE  
MAYOR .—The Secretary and the Mayor of the District of Columbia shall— ‘‘(A) jointly enter into an agreement with the Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education to evaluate annu-ally the opportunity scholarship program under this division; ‘‘(B) jointly enter into an agreement to monitor and evaluate the use of funds au-thorized and appropriated for the District of Columbia public schools and the District of Columbia public charter schools under this division; and ‘‘(C) make the evaluations described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) public in accord-ance with subsection (c). ‘‘(2) D
UTIES OF THE SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary, through a grant, contract, or cooper-ative agreement, shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that the evaluation under paragraph (1)(A)— ‘‘(i) is conducted using an acceptable quasi- experimental research design for deter-mining the effectiveness of the opportunity scholarship program under this division that does not use a control study group consisting of students who applied for but did not re-ceive opportunity scholarships; and ‘‘(ii) addresses the issues described in para-graph (4); and ‘‘(B) disseminate information on the im-pact of the program— ‘‘(i) in increasing academic achievement and educational attainment of participating eligible students who use an opportunity scholarship; and ‘‘(ii) on students and schools in the Dis-trict of Columbia. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES OF THE INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION  
SCIENCES .—The Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education shall— ‘‘(A) assess participating eligible students who use an opportunity scholarship in each of grades 3 through 8, as well as one of the grades at the high school level, by super-vising the administration of the same read-ing and mathematics assessment used by the District of Columbia public schools to com-ply with section 1111(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)); ‘‘(B) measure the academic achievement of all participating eligible students who use an opportunity scholarship in the grades de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) work with eligible entities receiving a grant under this division to ensure that the parents of each student who is a partici-pating eligible student that uses an oppor-tunity scholarship agrees to permit their child to participate in the evaluations and assessments carried out by the Institute of Education Sciences under this subsection. ‘‘(4) ISSUES TO BE EVALUATED .—The issues to be evaluated under paragraph (1)(A) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A comparison of the academic achievement of participating eligible stu-dents who use an opportunity scholarship on the measurements described in paragraph (3)(B) to the academic achievement of a com-parison group of students with similar back-grounds in the District of Columbia public schools. ‘‘(B) The success of the program under this division in expanding choice options for par-ents of participating eligible students and increasing the satisfaction of such parents and students with their choice. ‘‘(C) The reasons parents of participating eligible students choose for their children to participate in the program, including impor-tant characteristics for selecting schools. ‘‘(D) A comparison of the retention rates, high school graduation rates, college enroll-ment rates, college persistence rates, and college graduation rates of participating eli-gible students who use an opportunity schol-arship with the rates of students in the com-parison group described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(E) A comparison of the college enroll-ment rates, college persistence rates, and college graduation rates of students who par-ticipated in the program in 2004, 2005, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015 as the result of win-ning the Opportunity Scholarship Program lottery with such enrollment, persistence, and graduation rates for students who en-tered but did not win such lottery in those years and who, as a result, served as the con-trol group for previous evaluations of the program under this division. Nothing in this subparagraph may be construed to waive sec-tion 3004(a)(3)(A)(iii) with respect to any such student. ‘‘(F) A comparison of the safety of the schools attended by participating eligible students who use an opportunity scholarship and the schools in the District of Columbia attended by students in the comparison group described in subparagraph (A), based on the perceptions of the students and par-ents. ‘‘(G) An assessment of student academic achievement at participating schools in which 85 percent of the total number of stu-dents enrolled at the school are participating eligible students who receive and use an op-portunity scholarship. ‘‘(H) Such other issues with respect to par-ticipating eligible students who use an op-portunity scholarship as the Secretary con-siders appropriate for inclusion in the eval-uation, such as the impact of the program on public elementary schools and secondary schools in the District of Columbia. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITING DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL  
INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any disclosure of per-sonally identifiable information obtained under this division shall be in compliance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) (20 U.S.C. 1232g). ‘‘(B) S
TUDENTS NOT ATTENDING PUBLIC  
SCHOOLS .—With respect to any student who is not attending a public elementary school or secondary school, personally identifiable information obtained under this division shall only be disclosed to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4386 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(i) individuals carrying out the evalua-tion described in paragraph (1)(A) for such student; ‘‘(ii) the group of individuals providing in-formation for carrying out the evaluation of such student; and ‘‘(iii) the parents of such student.’’. (2) T
RANSITION OF EVALUATION .— (A) T
ERMINATION OF PREVIOUS EVALUA -
TIONS .—The Secretary of Education shall— (i) terminate the evaluations conducted under section 3009(a) of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (sec. 38– 1853.09(a), D.C. Official Code), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this title, after obtaining data for the 2016–2017 school year; and (ii) submit any reports required for the 2016–2017 school year or preceding years with respect to the evaluations in accordance with section 3009(b) of such Act. (B) N
EW EVALUATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning with respect to the 2017–2018 school year, the Sec-retary shall conduct new evaluations in ac-cordance with the provisions of section 3009(a) of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (sec. 38–1853.09(a), D.C. Offi-cial Code), as amended by this title. (ii) M
OST RECENT EVALUATION .—As a com-ponent of the new evaluations described in clause (i), the Secretary shall continue to monitor and evaluate the students who were evaluated in the most recent evaluation under such section prior to the date of enact-ment of this title, including by monitoring and evaluating the test scores and other in-formation of such students. (b) D
UTY OF MAYOR TOENSURE INSTITUTE  H
ASALLINFORMATION NECESSARY TOCARRY  O
UTEVALUATIONS .—Section 3011(a)(1) (sec. 38–1853.11(a)(1), D.C. Official Code) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION NECESSARY TO CARRY OUT  
EVALUATIONS .—Ensure that all District of Columbia public schools and District of Co-lumbia public charter schools make avail-able to the Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education all of the in-formation the Institute requires to carry out the assessments and perform the evaluations required under section 3009(a).’’. 
SEC. 909. FUNDING FOR DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
(a) M ANDATORY WITHHOLDING OF FUNDS FOR  F
AILURE TOCOMPLY WITHCONDITIONS .—Sec- tion 3011(b) (sec. 38–1853.11(b), D.C. Official Code) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) E
NFORCEMENT .—If, after reasonable notice and an opportunity for a hearing, the Secretary determines that the Mayor has failed to comply with any of the require-ments of subsection (a), the Secretary may withhold from the Mayor, in whole or in part— ‘‘(1) the funds otherwise authorized to be appropriated under section 3014(a)(2), if the failure to comply relates to the District of Columbia public schools; ‘‘(2) the funds otherwise authorized to be appropriated under section 3014(a)(3), if the failure to comply relates to the District of Columbia public charter schools; or ‘‘(3) the funds otherwise authorized to be appropriated under both paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 3014(a), if the failure relates to both the District of Columbia public schools and the District of Columbia public charter schools.’’. (b) R
ULES FOR USE OF FUNDS PROVIDED FOR  S
UPPORT OF PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS .—Sec- tion 3011 (sec. 38–1853.11, D.C. Official Code), as amended by section 7(b) and section 8(a), is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) SPECIFIC RULES REGARDING FUNDS  P
ROVIDED FOR SUPPORT OF PUBLIC CHARTER  S
CHOOLS .—The following rules shall apply with respect to the funds provided under this division for the support of District of Colum-bia public charter schools: ‘‘(1) The Secretary may direct the funds provided for any fiscal year, or any portion thereof, to the Office of the State Super-intendent of Education of the District of Co-lumbia. ‘‘(2) The Office of the State Superintendent of Education of the District of Columbia may transfer the funds to subgrantees that are— ‘‘(A) specific District of Columbia public charter schools or networks of such schools; or ‘‘(B) District of Columbia-based nonprofit organizations with experience in successfully providing support or assistance to District of Columbia public charter schools or networks of such schools. ‘‘(3) The funds provided under this division for the support of District of Columbia pub-lic charter schools shall be available to any District of Columbia public charter school in good standing with the District of Columbia Charter School Board, and the Office of the State Superintendent of Education of the District of Columbia and the District of Co-lumbia Charter School Board may not re-strict the availability of such funds to cer-tain types of schools on the basis of the school’s location, governing body, or the school’s facilities.’’. 
SEC. 910. REVISION OF CURRENT MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING. 
Not later than the beginning of the 2017– 2018 school year, the Secretary of Education and the Mayor of the District of Columbia shall revise the memorandum of under-standing which is in effect under section 3012(d) of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act as of the day before the date of the enactment of this title to address the following: (1) The amendments made by this title. (2) The need to ensure that participating schools under the Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Act meet fire code stand-ards and maintain certificates of occupancy. (3) The need to ensure that District of Co-lumbia public schools and District of Colum-bia public charter schools meet the require-ments under such Act to comply with all reasonable requests for information nec-essary to carry out the evaluations required under section 3009(a) of such Act. 
SEC. 911. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3013 (sec. 38–1853.13, D.C. Official Code) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (10) as paragraphs (2) through (11), respec-tively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-designated by paragraph (1), the following: ‘‘(1) C
ORE SUBJECT MATTER .—The term ‘core subject matter’ means— ‘‘(A) mathematics; ‘‘(B) science; and ‘‘(C) English, reading, or language arts.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)(B)(ii), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘household with a’’ before ‘‘student’’. 
SEC. 912. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3014 (sec. 38– 1853.14, D.C. Official Code) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and for each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years’’ and in-serting ‘‘and for each fiscal year through fis-cal year 2021’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated under subsection (a)(1), including amounts appropriated and available under such sub-section before the date of enactment of the SOAR Reauthorization Act, shall remain available until expended.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a)(2) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this title. 
SEC. 913. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided, the amend-ments made by this title shall apply with re-spect to school year 2017–2018 and each suc-ceeding school year. TITLE X SEC SMALL BUSINESS ADVOCATE ACT 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘SEC Small Business Advocate Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1002. ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF THE ADVOCATE FOR SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION AND SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION AD-VISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) O FFICE OF THE ADVOCATE FOR SMALL  B
USINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .—Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) O
FFICE OF THE ADVOCATE FOR SMALL  B
USINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .— ‘‘(1) O
FFICE ESTABLISHED .—There is estab-lished within the Commission the Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation (hereafter in this subsection referred to as the ‘Office’). ‘‘(2) A
DVOCATE FOR SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL  
FORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of the Office shall be the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation, who shall— ‘‘(i) report directly to the Commission; and ‘‘(ii) be appointed by the Commission, from among individuals having experience in ad-vocating for the interests of small businesses and encouraging small business capital for-mation. ‘‘(B) C
OMPENSATION .—The annual rate of pay for the Advocate for Small Business Cap-ital Formation shall be equal to the highest rate of annual pay for other senior execu-tives who report directly to the Commission. ‘‘(C) N
O CURRENT EMPLOYEE OF THE COMMIS -
SION.—An individual may not be appointed as the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation if the individual is currently em-ployed by the Commission. ‘‘(3) S
TAFF OF OFFICE .—The Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation, after consultation with the Commission, may re-tain or employ independent counsel, research staff, and service staff, as the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation deter-mines to be necessary to carry out the func-tions of the Office. ‘‘(4) F
UNCTIONS OF THE ADVOCATE FOR SMALL  
BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .—The Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation shall— ‘‘(A) assist small businesses and small business investors in resolving significant problems such businesses and investors may have with the Commission or with self-regu-latory organizations; ‘‘(B) identify areas in which small busi-nesses and small business investors would benefit from changes in the regulations of the Commission or the rules of self-regu-latory organizations; ‘‘(C) identify problems that small busi-nesses have with securing access to capital, including any unique challenges to minority- owned and women-owned small businesses; ‘‘(D) analyze the potential impact on small businesses and small business investors of— ‘‘(i) proposed regulations of the Commis-sion that are likely to have a significant eco-nomic impact on small businesses and small business capital formation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4387 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(ii) proposed rules that are likely to have a significant economic impact on small busi-nesses and small business capital formation of self-regulatory organizations registered under this title; ‘‘(E) conduct outreach to small businesses and small business investors, including through regional roundtables, in order to so-licit views on relevant capital formation issues; ‘‘(F) to the extent practicable, propose to the Commission changes in the regulations or orders of the Commission and to Congress any legislative, administrative, or personnel changes that may be appropriate to mitigate problems identified under this paragraph and to promote the interests of small businesses and small business investors; ‘‘(G) consult with the Investor Advocate on proposed recommendations made under sub-paragraph (F); and ‘‘(H) advise the Investor Advocate on issues related to small businesses and small business investors. ‘‘(5) A
CCESS TO DOCUMENTS .—The Commis-sion shall ensure that the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation has full access to the documents and information of the Commission and any self-regulatory or-ganization, as necessary to carry out the functions of the Office. ‘‘(6) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Decem-ber 31 of each year after 2015, the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the ac-tivities of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation during the immediately preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) appropriate statistical information and full and substantive analysis; ‘‘(ii) information on steps that the Advo-cate for Small Business Capital Formation has taken during the reporting period to im-prove small business services and the respon-siveness of the Commission and self-regu-latory organizations to small business and small business investor concerns; ‘‘(iii) a summary of the most serious issues encountered by small businesses and small business investors, including any unique issues encountered by minority-owned and women-owned small businesses and their in-vestors, during the reporting period; ‘‘(iv) an inventory of the items summarized under clause (iii) (including items summa-rized under such clause for any prior report-ing period on which no action has been taken or that have not been resolved to the satis-faction of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation as of the beginning of the reporting period covered by the report) that includes— ‘‘(I) identification of any action taken by the Commission or the self-regulatory orga-nization and the result of such action; ‘‘(II) the length of time that each item has remained on such inventory; and ‘‘(III) for items on which no action has been taken, the reasons for inaction, and an identification of any official who is respon-sible for such action; ‘‘(v) recommendations for such changes to the regulations, guidance and orders of the Commission and such legislative actions as may be appropriate to resolve problems with the Commission and self-regulatory organi-zations encountered by small businesses and small business investors and to encourage small business capital formation; and ‘‘(vi) any other information, as determined appropriate by the Advocate for Small Busi-ness Capital Formation. ‘‘(C) CONFIDENTIALITY .—No report required by subparagraph (A) may contain confiden-tial information. ‘‘(D) I
NDEPENDENCE .—Each report required under subparagraph (A) shall be provided di-rectly to the committees of Congress listed in such subparagraph without any prior re-view or comment from the Commission, any commissioner, any other officer or employee of the Commission, or the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. ‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Commission shall establish procedures requiring a formal re-sponse to all recommendations submitted to the Commission by the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation, not later than 3 months after the date of such submission. ‘‘(8) G
OVERNMENT -BUSINESS FORUM ON  
SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .—The Advocate for Small Business Capital Forma-tion shall be responsible for planning, orga-nizing, and executing the annual Govern-ment-Business Forum on Small Business Capital Formation described in section 503 of the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 80c–1). ‘‘(9) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as replac-ing or reducing the responsibilities of the In-vestor Advocate with respect to small busi-ness investors.’’. (b) S
MALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION  A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—Title I of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 40. SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Commission the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall provide the Commission with advice on the Commission’s rules, regulations, and policies with regard to the Commission’s mission of protecting investors, maintaining fair, or-derly, and efficient markets, and facilitating capital formation, as such rules, regulations, and policies relate to— ‘‘(i) capital raising by emerging, privately held small businesses (‘emerging companies’) and publicly traded companies with less than $250,000,000 in public market capitalization (‘smaller public companies’) through securi-ties offerings, including private and limited offerings and initial and other public offer-ings; ‘‘(ii) trading in the securities of emerging companies and smaller public companies; and ‘‘(iii) public reporting and corporate gov-ernance requirements of emerging companies and smaller public companies. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The Committee shall not provide any advice with respect to any poli-cies, practices, actions, or decisions con-cerning the Commission’s enforcement pro-gram. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The members of the Committee shall be— ‘‘(A) the Advocate for Small Business Cap-ital Formation; ‘‘(B) not fewer than 10, and not more than 20, members appointed by the Commission, from among individuals— ‘‘(i) who represent— ‘‘(I) emerging companies engaging in pri-vate and limited securities offerings or con-sidering initial public offerings (‘IPO’) (in-cluding the companies’ officers and direc-tors); ‘‘(II) the professional advisors of such com-panies (including attorneys, accountants, in-vestment bankers, and financial advisors); and ‘‘(III) the investors in such companies (in-cluding angel investors, venture capital funds, and family offices); ‘‘(ii) who are officers or directors of minor-ity-owned small businesses or women-owned small businesses; ‘‘(iii) who represent— ‘‘(I) smaller public companies (including the companies’ officers and directors); ‘‘(II) the professional advisors of such com-panies (including attorneys, auditors, under-writers, and financial advisors); and ‘‘(III) the pre-IPO and post-IPO investors in such companies (both institutional, such as venture capital funds, and individual, such as angel investors); and ‘‘(iv) who represent participants in the marketplace for the securities of emerging companies and smaller public companies, such as securities exchanges, alternative trading systems, analysts, information proc-essors, and transfer agents; and ‘‘(C) three non-voting members— ‘‘(i) one of whom shall be appointed by the Investor Advocate; ‘‘(ii) one of whom shall be appointed by the North American Securities Administrators Association; and ‘‘(iii) one of whom shall be appointed by the Administrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration. ‘‘(2) TERM.—Each member of the Com-mittee appointed under subparagraph (B), (C)(ii), or (C)(iii) of paragraph (1) shall serve for a term of 4 years. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERS NOT COMMISSION EMPLOY -
EES.—Members appointed under subpara-graph (B), (C)(ii), or (C)(iii) of paragraph (1) shall not be treated as employees or agents of the Commission solely because of mem-bership on the Committee. ‘‘(c) C
HAIRMAN ; V ICE CHAIRMAN ; S EC-
RETARY ; ASSISTANT SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The members of the Committee shall elect, from among the members of the Committee— ‘‘(A) a chairman; ‘‘(B) a vice chairman; ‘‘(C) a secretary; and ‘‘(D) an assistant secretary. ‘‘(2) T
ERM.—Each member elected under paragraph (1) shall serve for a term of 3 years in the capacity for which the member was elected under paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(1) F
REQUENCY OF MEETINGS .—The Com-mittee shall meet— ‘‘(A) not less frequently than four times annually, at the call of the chairman of the Committee; and ‘‘(B) from time to time, at the call of the Commission. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—The chairman of the Com-mittee shall give the members of the Com-mittee written notice of each meeting, not later than 2 weeks before the date of the meeting. ‘‘(e) C
OMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EX-
PENSES .—Each member of the Committee who is not a full-time employee of the United States shall— ‘‘(1) be entitled to receive compensation at a rate not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code, for each day during which the member is engaged in the actual performance of the duties of the Committee; and ‘‘(2) while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the per-formance of services for the Committee, be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4388 July 6, 2016 
persons employed intermittently in the Gov-ernment service are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(f) S
TAFF .—The Commission shall make available to the Committee such staff as the chairman of the Committee determines are necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(g) R
EVIEW BY COMMISSION .—The Commis-sion shall— ‘‘(1) review the findings and recommenda-tions of the Committee; and ‘‘(2) each time the Committee submits a finding or recommendation to the Commis-sion, promptly issue a public statement— ‘‘(A) assessing the finding or recommenda-tion of the Committee; and ‘‘(B) disclosing the action, if any, the Com-mission intends to take with respect to the finding or recommendation. ‘‘(h) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply with respect to the Committee and its activities.’’. (c) A
NNUAL GOVERNMENT -BUSINESS FORUM  
ONSMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .— Section 503(a) of the Small Business Invest-ment Incentive Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 80c–1(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(acting through the Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and in consultation with the Small Business Capital Formation Advi-sory Committee)’’ after ‘‘Securities and Ex-change Commission’’. TITLE XI FINANCIAL INSTITUTION BANKRUPTCY ACT 
SEC. 1101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1102. GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO COVERED FINANCIAL CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 101 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting the following after paragraph (9): ‘‘(9A) The term ‘covered financial corpora-tion’ means any corporation incorporated or organized under any Federal or State law, other than a stockbroker, a commodity broker, or an entity of the kind specified in paragraph (2) or (3) of section 109(b), that is— ‘‘(A) a bank holding company, as defined in section 2(a) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956; or ‘‘(B) a corporation that exists for the pri-mary purpose of owning, controlling and fi-nancing its subsidiaries, that has total con-solidated assets of $50,000,000,000 or greater, and for which, in its most recently com-pleted fiscal year— ‘‘(i) annual gross revenues derived by the corporation and all of its subsidiaries from activities that are financial in nature (as de-fined in section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956) and, if applicable, from the ownership or control of one or more in-sured depository institutions, represents 85 percent or more of the consolidated annual gross revenues of the corporation; or ‘‘(ii) the consolidated assets of the corpora-tion and all of its subsidiaries related to ac-tivities that are financial in nature (as de-fined in section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956) and, if applicable, re-lated to the ownership or control of one or more insured depository institutions, rep-resents 85 percent or more of the consoli-dated assets of the corporation.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CHAPTERS .—Section 103 of title 11, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) Subchapter V of chapter 11 of this title applies only in a case under chapter 11 con-cerning a covered financial corporation.’’. (c) W
HOMAYBEADEBTOR .—Section 109 of title 11, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) a covered financial corporation.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘an uninsured State member bank’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘a corpora-tion’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘, or a covered financial corporation’’ after ‘‘Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991’’. (d) CONVERSION TO CHAPTER 7.—Section 1112 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) Notwithstanding section 109(b), the court may convert a case under subchapter V to a case under chapter 7 if— ‘‘(1) a transfer approved under section 1185 has been consummated; ‘‘(2) the court has ordered the appointment of a special trustee under section 1186; and ‘‘(3) the court finds, after notice and a hearing, that conversion is in the best inter-est of the creditors and the estate.’’. (e)(1) Section 726(a)(1) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘first,’’ the following: ‘‘in payment of any unpaid fees, costs, and expenses of a special trustee appointed under section 1186, and then’’. (2) Section 1129(a) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting after para-graph (16) the following: ‘‘(17) In a case under subchapter V, all pay-able fees, costs, and expenses of the special trustee have been paid or the plan provides for the payment of all such fees, costs, and expenses on the effective date of the plan. ‘‘(18) In a case under subchapter V, con-firmation of the plan is not likely to cause serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States.’’. (f) Section 322(b)(2) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘In cases under subchapter V, the United States trustee shall recommend to the court, and in all other cases, the’’. 
SEC. 1103. LIQUIDATION, REORGANIZATION, OR RECAPITALIZATION OF A COVERED FINANCIAL CORPORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—LIQUIDATION, REOR-GANIZATION, OR RECAPITALIZATION OF A COVERED FINANCIAL CORPORA-TION ‘‘§ 1181. Inapplicability of other sections ‘‘Sections 303 and 321(c) do not apply in a case under this subchapter concerning a cov-ered financial corporation. Section 365 does not apply to a transfer under section 1185, 1187, or 1188. ‘‘§ 1182. Definitions for this subchapter ‘‘In this subchapter, the following defini-tions shall apply: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Board’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. ‘‘(2) The term ‘bridge company’ means a newly formed corporation to which property of the estate may be transferred under sec-tion 1185(a) and the equity securities of which may be transferred to a special trustee under section 1186(a). ‘‘(3) The term ‘capital structure debt’ means all unsecured debt of the debtor for borrowed money for which the debtor is the primary obligor, other than a qualified fi-nancial contract and other than debt secured by a lien on property of the estate that is to be transferred to a bridge company pursuant to an order of the court under section 1185(a). ‘‘(4) The term ‘contractual right’ means a contractual right of a kind defined in section 555, 556, 559, 560, or 561. ‘‘(5) The term ‘qualified financial contract’ means any contract of a kind defined in paragraph (25), (38A), (47), or (53B) of section 101, section 741(7), or paragraph (4), (5), (11), or (13) of section 761. ‘‘(6) The term ‘special trustee’ means the trustee of a trust formed under section 1186(a)(1). ‘‘§ 1183. Commencement of a case concerning a covered financial corporation ‘‘(a) A case under this subchapter con-cerning a covered financial corporation may be commenced by the filing of a petition with the court by the debtor under section 301 only if the debtor states to the best of its knowledge under penalty of perjury in the petition that it is a covered financial cor-poration. ‘‘(b) The commencement of a case under subsection (a) constitutes an order for relief under this subchapter. ‘‘(c) The members of the board of directors (or body performing similar functions) of a covered financial company shall have no li-ability to shareholders, creditors, or other parties in interest for a good faith filing of a petition to commence a case under this sub-chapter, or for any reasonable action taken in good faith in contemplation of or in con-nection with such a petition or a transfer under section 1185 or section 1186, whether prior to or after commencement of the case. ‘‘(d) Counsel to the debtor shall provide, to the greatest extent practicable without dis-closing the identity of the potential debtor, sufficient confidential notice to the chief judge of the court of appeals for the circuit embracing the district in which such counsel intends to file a petition to commence a case under this subchapter regarding the poten-tial commencement of such case. The chief judge of such court shall randomly assign to preside over such case a bankruptcy judge selected from among the bankruptcy judges designated by the Chief Justice of the United States under section 298 of title 28. ‘‘§ 1184. Regulators ‘‘The Board, the Securities Exchange Com-mission, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency of the Department of the Treasury, the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration may raise and may appear and be heard on any issue in any case or proceeding under this subchapter. ‘‘§ 1185. Special transfer of property of the es-tate ‘‘(a) On request of the trustee, and after notice and a hearing that shall occur not less than 24 hours after the order for relief, the court may order a transfer under this section of property of the estate, and the assignment of executory contracts, unexpired leases, and qualified financial contracts of the debtor, to a bridge company. Upon the entry of an order approving such transfer, any property transferred, and any executory contracts, unexpired leases, and qualified financial con-tracts assigned under such order shall no longer be property of the estate. Except as provided under this section, the provisions of section 363 shall apply to a transfer and as-signment under this section. ‘‘(b) Unless the court orders otherwise, no-tice of a request for an order under sub-section (a) shall consist of electronic or tele-phonic notice of not less than 24 hours to— ‘‘(1) the debtor; ‘‘(2) the holders of the 20 largest secured claims against the debtor; ‘‘(3) the holders of the 20 largest unsecured claims against the debtor; ‘‘(4) counterparties to any debt, executory contract, unexpired lease, and qualified fi-nancial contract requested to be transferred under this section; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4389 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(5) the Board; ‘‘(6) the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration; ‘‘(7) the Secretary of the Treasury and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency of the Treasury; ‘‘(8) the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission; ‘‘(9) the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion; ‘‘(10) the United States trustee or bank-ruptcy administrator; and ‘‘(11) each primary financial regulatory agency, as defined in section 2(12) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act, with respect to any affiliate the equity securities of which are proposed to be transferred under this sec-tion. ‘‘(c) The court may not order a transfer under this section unless the court deter-mines, based upon a preponderance of the evidence, that— ‘‘(1) the transfer under this section is nec-essary to prevent serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States; ‘‘(2) the transfer does not provide for the assumption of any capital structure debt by the bridge company; ‘‘(3) the transfer does not provide for the transfer to the bridge company of any prop-erty of the estate that is subject to a lien se-curing a debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified fi-nancial contract) of the debtor unless— ‘‘(A)(i) the bridge company assumes such debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified financial contract), including any claims arising in re-spect thereof that would not be allowed se-cured claims under section 506(a)(1) and after giving effect to such transfer, such property remains subject to the lien securing such debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified financial contract); and ‘‘(ii) the court has determined that as-sumption of such debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified financial contract) by the bridge company is in the best interests of the es-tate; or ‘‘(B) such property is being transferred to the bridge company in accordance with the provisions of section 363; ‘‘(4) the transfer does not provide for the assumption by the bridge company of any debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified financial contract) of the debtor secured by a lien on property of the estate unless the transfer provides for such property to be transferred to the bridge company in accordance with paragraph (3)(A) of this subsection; ‘‘(5) the transfer does not provide for the transfer of the equity of the debtor; ‘‘(6) the trustee has demonstrated that the bridge company is not likely to fail to meet the obligations of any debt, executory con-tract, qualified financial contract, or unex-pired lease assumed and assigned to the bridge company; ‘‘(7) the transfer provides for the transfer to a special trustee all of the equity securi-ties in the bridge company and appointment of a special trustee in accordance with sec-tion 1186; ‘‘(8) after giving effect to the transfer, ade-quate provision has been made for the fees, costs, and expenses of the estate and special trustee; and ‘‘(9) the bridge company will have gov-erning documents, and initial directors and senior officers, that are in the best interest of creditors and the estate. ‘‘(d) Immediately before a transfer under this section, the bridge company that is the recipient of the transfer shall— ‘‘(1) not have any property, executory con-tracts, unexpired leases, qualified financial contracts, or debts, other than any property acquired or executory contracts, unexpired leases, or debts assumed when acting as a transferee of a transfer under this section; and ‘‘(2) have equity securities that are prop-erty of the estate, which may be sold or dis-tributed in accordance with this title. ‘‘§ 1186. Special trustee ‘‘(a)(1) An order approving a transfer under section 1185 shall require the trustee to transfer to a qualified and independent spe-cial trustee, who is appointed by the court, all of the equity securities in the bridge com-pany that is the recipient of a transfer under section 1185 to hold in trust for the sole ben-efit of the estate, subject to satisfaction of the special trustee’s fees, costs, and ex-penses. The trust of which the special trust-ee is the trustee shall be a newly formed trust governed by a trust agreement ap-proved by the court as in the best interests of the estate, and shall exist for the sole pur-pose of holding and administering, and shall be permitted to dispose of, the equity securi-ties of the bridge company in accordance with the trust agreement. ‘‘(2) In connection with the hearing to ap-prove a transfer under section 1185, the trust-ee shall confirm to the court that the Board has been consulted regarding the identity of the proposed special trustee and advise the court of the results of such consultation. ‘‘(b) The trust agreement governing the trust shall provide— ‘‘(1) for the payment of the fees, costs, ex-penses, and indemnities of the special trust-ee from the assets of the debtor’s estate; ‘‘(2) that the special trustee provide— ‘‘(A) quarterly reporting to the estate, which shall be filed with the court; and ‘‘(B) information about the bridge com-pany reasonably requested by a party in in-terest to prepare a disclosure statement for a plan providing for distribution of any secu-rities of the bridge company if such informa-tion is necessary to prepare such disclosure statement; ‘‘(3) that for as long as the equity securi-ties of the bridge company are held by the trust, the special trustee shall file a notice with the court in connection with— ‘‘(A) any change in a director or senior of-ficer of the bridge company; ‘‘(B) any modification to the governing documents of the bridge company; and ‘‘(C) any material corporate action of the bridge company, including— ‘‘(i) recapitalization; ‘‘(ii) a material borrowing; ‘‘(iii) termination of an intercompany debt or guarantee; ‘‘(iv) a transfer of a substantial portion of the assets of the bridge company; or ‘‘(v) the issuance or sale of any securities of the bridge company; ‘‘(4) that any sale of any equity securities of the bridge company shall not be con-summated until the special trustee consults with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion and the Board regarding such sale and discloses the results of such consultation with the court; ‘‘(5) that, subject to reserves for payments permitted under paragraph (1) provided for in the trust agreement, the proceeds of the sale of any equity securities of the bridge com-pany by the special trustee be held in trust for the benefit of or transferred to the es-tate; ‘‘(6) the process and guidelines for the re-placement of the special trustee; and ‘‘(7) that the property held in trust by the special trustee is subject to distribution in accordance with subsection (c). ‘‘(c)(1) The special trustee shall distribute the assets held in trust— ‘‘(A) if the court confirms a plan in the case, in accordance with the plan on the ef-fective date of the plan; or ‘‘(B) if the case is converted to a case under chapter 7, as ordered by the court. ‘‘(2) As soon as practicable after a final dis-tribution under paragraph (1), the office of the special trustee shall terminate, except as may be necessary to wind up and conclude the business and financial affairs of the trust. ‘‘(d) After a transfer to the special trustee under this section, the special trustee shall be subject only to applicable nonbankruptcy law, and the actions and conduct of the spe-cial trustee shall no longer be subject to ap-proval by the court in the case under this subchapter. ‘‘§ 1187. Temporary and supplemental auto-matic stay; assumed debt ‘‘(a)(1) A petition filed under section 1183 operates as a stay, applicable to all entities, of the termination, acceleration, or modi-fication of any debt, contract, lease, or agreement of the kind described in para-graph (2), or of any right or obligation under any such debt, contract, lease, or agreement, solely because of— ‘‘(A) a default by the debtor under any such debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(B) a provision in such debt, contract, lease, or agreement, or in applicable non-bankruptcy law, that is conditioned on— ‘‘(i) the insolvency or financial condition 
of the debtor at any time before the closing of the case; ‘‘(ii) the commencement of a case under this title concerning the debtor; ‘‘(iii) the appointment of or taking posses-sion by a trustee in a case under this title concerning the debtor or by a custodian be-fore the commencement of the case; or ‘‘(iv) a credit rating agency rating, or ab-sence or withdrawal of a credit rating agency rating— ‘‘(I) of the debtor at any time after the commencement of the case; ‘‘(II) of an affiliate during the period from the commencement of the case until 48 hours after such order is entered; ‘‘(III) of the bridge company while the trustee or the special trustee is a direct or indirect beneficial holder of more than 50 percent of the equity securities of— ‘‘(aa) the bridge company; or ‘‘(bb) the affiliate, if all of the direct or in-direct interests in the affiliate that are prop-erty of the estate are transferred under sec-tion 1185; or ‘‘(IV) of an affiliate while the trustee or the special trustee is a direct or indirect ben-eficial holder of more than 50 percent of the equity securities of— ‘‘(aa) the bridge company; or ‘‘(bb) the affiliate, if all of the direct or in-direct interests in the affiliate that are prop-erty of the estate are transferred under sec-tion 1185. ‘‘(2) A debt, contract, lease, or agreement described in this paragraph is— ‘‘(A) any debt (other than capital structure debt), executory contract, or unexpired lease of the debtor (other than a qualified finan-cial contract); ‘‘(B) any agreement under which the debt-or issued or is obligated for debt (other than capital structure debt); ‘‘(C) any debt, executory contract, or unex-pired lease of an affiliate (other than a quali-fied financial contract); or ‘‘(D) any agreement under which an affil-iate issued or is obligated for debt. ‘‘(3) The stay under this subsection termi-nates— ‘‘(A) for the benefit of the debtor, upon the earliest of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4390 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(i) 48 hours after the commencement of the case; ‘‘(ii) assumption of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement by the bridge company under an order authorizing a transfer under section 1185; ‘‘(iii) a final order of the court denying the request for a transfer under section 1185; or ‘‘(iv) the time the case is dismissed; and ‘‘(B) for the benefit of an affiliate, upon the earliest of— ‘‘(i) the entry of an order authorizing a transfer under section 1185 in which the di-rect or indirect interests in the affiliate that are property of the estate are not transferred under section 1185; ‘‘(ii) a final order by the court denying the request for a transfer under section 1185; ‘‘(iii) 48 hours after the commencement of the case if the court has not ordered a trans-fer under section 1185; or ‘‘(iv) the time the case is dismissed. ‘‘(4) Subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g) of sec-tion 362 apply to a stay under this sub-section. ‘‘(b) A debt, executory contract (other than a qualified financial contract), or unexpired lease of the debtor, or an agreement under which the debtor has issued or is obligated for any debt, may be assumed by a bridge company in a transfer under section 1185 not-withstanding any provision in an agreement or in applicable nonbankruptcy law that— ‘‘(1) prohibits, restricts, or conditions the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(2) accelerates, terminates, or modifies, or permits a party other than the debtor to terminate or modify, the debt, contract, lease, or agreement on account of— ‘‘(A) the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(B) a change in control of any party to the debt, contract, lease, or agreement. ‘‘(c)(1) A debt, contract, lease, or agree-ment of the kind described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(2) may not be ac-celerated, terminated, or modified, and any right or obligation under such debt, con-tract, lease, or agreement may not be accel-erated, terminated, or modified, as to the bridge company solely because of a provision in the debt, contract, lease, or agreement or in applicable nonbankruptcy law— ‘‘(A) of the kind described in subsection (a)(1)(B) as applied to the debtor; ‘‘(B) that prohibits, restricts, or conditions the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(C) that accelerates, terminates, or modi-fies, or permits a party other than the debtor to terminate or modify, the debt, contract, lease or agreement on account of— ‘‘(i) the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(ii) a change in control of any party to the debt, contract, lease, or agreement. ‘‘(2) If there is a default by the debtor under a provision other than the kind de-scribed in paragraph (1) in a debt, contract, lease or agreement of the kind described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(2), the bridge company may assume such debt, contract, lease, or agreement only if the bridge company— ‘‘(A) shall cure the default; ‘‘(B) compensates, or provides adequate as-surance in connection with a transfer under section 1185 that the bridge company will promptly compensate, a party other than the debtor to the debt, contract, lease, or agree-ment, for any actual pecuniary loss to the party resulting from the default; and ‘‘(C) provides adequate assurance in con-nection with a transfer under section 1185 of future performance under the debt, contract, lease, or agreement, as determined by the court under section 1185(c)(4). ‘‘§ 1188. Treatment of qualified financial con-tracts and affiliate contracts ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(7), 362(b)(17), 362(b)(27), 362(o), 555, 556, 559, 560, and 561, a petition filed under sec-tion 1183 operates as a stay, during the pe-riod specified in section 1187(a)(3)(A), appli-cable to all entities, of the exercise of a con-tractual right— ‘‘(1) to cause the modification, liquidation, termination, or acceleration of a qualified fi-nancial contract of the debtor or an affiliate; ‘‘(2) to offset or net out any termination value, payment amount, or other transfer obligation arising under or in connection with a qualified financial contract of the debtor or an affiliate; or ‘‘(3) under any security agreement or ar-rangement or other credit enhancement forming a part of or related to a qualified fi-nancial contract of the debtor or an affiliate. ‘‘(b)(1) During the period specified in sec-tion 1187(a)(3)(A), the trustee or the affiliate shall perform all payment and delivery obli-gations under such qualified financial con-tract of the debtor or the affiliate, as the case may be, that become due after the com-mencement of the case. The stay provided under subsection (a) terminates as to a qualified financial contract of the debtor or an affiliate immediately upon the failure of the trustee or the affiliate, as the case may be, to perform any such obligation during such period. ‘‘(2) Any failure by a counterparty to any qualified financial contract of the debtor or any affiliate to perform any payment or de-livery obligation under such qualified finan-cial contract, including during the pendency of the stay provided under subsection (a), shall constitute a breach of such qualified fi-nancial contract by the counterparty. ‘‘(c) Subject to the court’s approval, a qualified financial contract between an enti-ty and the debtor may be assigned to or as-sumed by the bridge company in a transfer under, and in accordance with, section 1185 if and only if— ‘‘(1) all qualified financial contracts be-tween the entity and the debtor are assigned to and assumed by the bridge company in the transfer under section 1185; ‘‘(2) all claims of the entity against the debtor in respect of any qualified financial contract between the entity and the debtor (other than any claim that, under the terms of the qualified financial contract, is subor-dinated to the claims of general unsecured creditors) are assigned to and assumed by the bridge company; ‘‘(3) all claims of the debtor against the en-tity under any qualified financial contract between the entity and the debtor are as-signed to and assumed by the bridge com-pany; and ‘‘(4) all property securing or any other credit enhancement furnished by the debtor for any qualified financial contract described in paragraph (1) or any claim described in paragraph (2) or (3) under any qualified fi-nancial contract between the entity and the debtor is assigned to and assumed by the bridge company. ‘‘(d) Notwithstanding any provision of a qualified financial contract or of applicable nonbankruptcy law, a qualified financial contract of the debtor that is assumed or as-signed in a transfer under section 1185 may not be accelerated, terminated, or modified, after the entry of the order approving a transfer under section 1185, and any right or obligation under the qualified financial con-tract may not be accelerated, terminated, or modified, after the entry of the order approv-ing a transfer under section 1185 solely be-cause of a condition described in section 1187(c)(1), other than a condition of the kind specified in section 1187(b) that occurs after property of the estate no longer includes a direct beneficial interest or an indirect bene-ficial interest through the special trustee, in more than 50 percent of the equity securities of the bridge company. ‘‘(e) Notwithstanding any provision of any agreement or in applicable nonbankruptcy law, an agreement of an affiliate (including an executory contract, an unexpired lease, qualified financial contract, or an agreement under which the affiliate issued or is obli-gated for debt) and any right or obligation under such agreement may not be acceler-ated, terminated, or modified, solely because of a condition described in section 1187(c)(1), other than a condition of the kind specified in section 1187(b) that occurs after the bridge company is no longer a direct or indirect beneficial holder of more than 50 percent of the equity securities of the affiliate, at any time after the commencement of the case if— ‘‘(1) all direct or indirect interests in the affiliate that are property of the estate are transferred under section 1185 to the bridge company within the period specified in sub-section (a); ‘‘(2) the bridge company assumes— ‘‘(A) any guarantee or other credit en-hancement issued by the debtor relating to the agreement of the affiliate; and ‘‘(B) any obligations in respect of rights of setoff, netting arrangement, or debt of the debtor that directly arises out of or directly relates to the guarantee or credit enhance-ment; and ‘‘(3) any property of the estate that di-rectly serves as collateral for the guarantee or credit enhancement is transferred to the bridge company. ‘‘§ 1189. Licenses, permits, and registrations ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding any otherwise appli-cable nonbankruptcy law, if a request is made under section 1185 for a transfer of property of the estate, any Federal, State, or local license, permit, or registration that the debtor or an affiliate had immediately before the commencement of the case and that is proposed to be transferred under section 1185 may not be accelerated, terminated, or modified at any time after the request solely on account of— ‘‘(1) the insolvency or financial condition of the debtor at any time before the closing of the case; ‘‘(2) the commencement of a case under this title concerning the debtor; ‘‘(3) the appointment of or taking posses-sion by a trustee in a case under this title concerning the debtor or by a custodian be-fore the commencement of the case; or ‘‘(4) a transfer under section 1185. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding any otherwise appli-cable nonbankruptcy law, any Federal, State, or local license, permit, or registra-tion that the debtor had immediately before the commencement of the case that is in-cluded in a transfer under section 1185 shall be valid and all rights and obligations there-under shall vest in the bridge company. ‘‘§ 1190. Exemption from securities laws ‘‘For purposes of section 1145, a security of the bridge company shall be deemed to be a security of a successor to the debtor under a plan if the court approves the disclosure statement for the plan as providing adequate information (as defined in section 1125(a)) about the bridge company and the security. ‘‘§ 1191. Inapplicability of certain avoiding powers 
‘‘A transfer made or an obligation incurred by the debtor to an affiliate prior to or after the commencement of the case, including any obligation released by the debtor or the estate to or for the benefit of an affiliate, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4391 July 6, 2016 
contemplation of or in connection with a transfer under section 1185 is not avoidable under section 544, 547, 548(a)(1)(B), or 549, or under any similar nonbankruptcy law. ‘‘§ 1192. Consideration of financial stability ‘‘The court may consider the effect that any decision in connection with this sub-chapter may have on financial stability in the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER V —LIQUIDATION , REORGANIZA -
TION, OR RECAPITALIZATION OF A COVERED FI -
NANCIAL CORPORATION  ‘‘1181. Inapplicability of other sections. ‘‘1182. Definitions for this subchapter. ‘‘1183. Commencement of a case concerning a covered financial corporation. ‘‘1184. Regulators. ‘‘1185. Special transfer of property of the es-tate. ‘‘1186. Special trustee. ‘‘1187. Temporary and supplemental auto-matic stay; assumed debt. ‘‘1188. Treatment of qualified financial con-tracts and affiliate contracts. ‘‘1189. Licenses, permits, and registrations. ‘‘1190. Exemption from securities laws. ‘‘1191. Inapplicability of certain avoiding powers. ‘‘1192. Consideration of financial stability.’’. 
SEC. 1104. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 28, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO CHAPTER 13.—Chapter 13 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 298. Judge for a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11 ‘‘(a)(1) Notwithstanding section 295, the Chief Justice of the United States shall des-ignate not fewer than 10 bankruptcy judges to be available to hear a case under sub-chapter V of chapter 11 of title 11. Bank-ruptcy judges may request to be considered by the Chief Justice of the United States for such designation. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding section 155, a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11 shall be heard under section 157 by a bank-ruptcy judge designated under paragraph (1), who shall be randomly assigned to hear such case by the chief judge of the court of ap-peals for the circuit embracing the district in which the case is pending. To the greatest extent practicable, the approvals required under section 155 should be obtained. ‘‘(3) If the bankruptcy judge assigned to hear a case under paragraph (2) is not as-signed to the district in which the case is pending, the bankruptcy judge shall be tem-porarily assigned to the district. ‘‘(b) A case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11, and all proceedings in the case, shall take place in the district in which the case is pending. ‘‘(c) In this section, the term ‘covered fi-nancial corporation’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(9A) of title 11.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO SECTION 1334 OFTITLE 28.—Section 1334 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) This section does not grant jurisdic-tion to the district court after a transfer pursuant to an order under section 1185 of title 11 of any proceeding related to a special trustee appointed, or to a bridge company formed, in connection with a case under sub-chapter V of chapter 11 of title 11.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 13 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘298. Judge for a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11.’’. TITLE XII ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 1201. The amount by which the appli-cable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
The Acting CHAIR. Are there any points of order against that portion of the bill? 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chair, I raise a point of order against the following provision of H.R. 5485 for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI: Beginning with ‘‘: Provided further’’ on page 122, line 19, through ‘‘2012’’ on page 122, line 22. This provision proposes to change ex-isting law by imparting direction to the United States Postal Service and, therefore, constitutes legislation on an appropriation bill in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I wish to be heard on the point of order. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, let me clar-ify what insisting on this point of order means. First, it means that the amendment the Appropriations Committee added to the bill, requiring the Postal Service to maintain highest quality delivery standards, is nullified. This amendment was passed for fiscal year 2017 without objection in our com-mittee, and it was included in last year’s bill and was passed back then as well. So it is not something new. It stands as a strong measure of support for the U.S. Postal Service in both rural and urban America. Those that neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays them from the swift completion of their appointed rounds deserve our respect. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman needs to confine her remarks to the point of order. Ms. KAPTUR. It is our constitutional responsibility in Article I. We should not retard postal operations. Second, the Chaffetz point of order will actually cost our citizenry more money by, in fact, $66 million due to the added transportation costs that re-sult from drastically slowing down the processing and delivery of the Nation’s mail. The timely processing and deliv-ery of mail is critical. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman will suspend. The Chair will, again, remind the gentlewoman to confine her remarks to the point of order. Ms. KAPTUR. Third, Mr. Chair, it would not have been unusual or ex-traordinary for the Rules Committee to have protected from a point of order the mail delivery standards added to this bill when, in fact, they actually in-cluded 30 other amendments that are in the bill that affect the SEC, the IRS, the FCC, and the District of Columbia. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman will suspend. The Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this provision includes language imparting direction to the United States Postal Service. The provision, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the provision is stricken from the bill. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Committee? The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 220, noes 168, not voting 45, as follows: 
[Roll No. 356] AYES—220 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.032 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4392 July 6, 2016 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—168 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—45 
Beyer Bost Buchanan Castor (FL) Collins (NY) Cooper DeFazio Delaney DeSantis Deutch Doyle, Michael F. Ellmers (NC) Farr Fincher Forbes Gibson Gohmert Hastings Jeffries Jordan Katko Kirkpatrick Labrador Marino Messer Nadler Nugent Pascrell Payne Pearce Perlmutter Pitts Poe (TX) Rogers (KY) Roskam Sanchez, Loretta Sires Smith (NJ) Takai Tiberi Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Woodall Yarmuth b1911 Messrs. FARENTHOLD, RICE of South Carolina, HARRIS, YOUNG of Iowa, and JOYCE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the decision of the Chair stands as the judgment of the Committee. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for finan-cial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Mr. UPTON submitted the following conference report and statement on the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use: 
CONFERENCE REPORT (H. R EPT. 114–669) The committee of conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the House do the bill (S. 524), to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do rec-ommend to their respective Houses as fol-lows: That the Senate recede from its disagree-ment to the amendment of the House to the text of the bill and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—PREVENTION AND EDUCATION Sec. 101. Task force on pain management. Sec. 102. Awareness campaigns. Sec. 103. Community-based coalition enhance-ment grants to address local drug crises. Sec. 104. Information materials and resources to prevent addiction related to youth sports injuries. Sec. 105. Assisting veterans with military emer-gency medical training to meet re-quirement for becoming civilian health care professionals. Sec. 106. FDA opioid action plan. Sec. 107. Improving access to overdose treat-ment. Sec. 108. NIH opioid research. Sec. 109. National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Reauthoriza-tion. Sec. 110. Opioid overdose reversal medication access and education grant pro-grams. TITLE II—LAW ENFORCEMENT AND TREATMENT Sec. 201. Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program. Sec. 202. First responder training. Sec. 203. Prescription drug take back expan-sion. TITLE III—TREATMENT AND RECOVERY Sec. 301. Evidence-based prescription opioid and heroin treatment and inter-ventions demonstration. Sec. 302. Building communities of recovery. Sec. 303. Medication-assisted treatment for re-covery from addiction. TITLE IV—ADDRESSING COLLATERAL CONSEQUENCES Sec. 401. GAO report on recovery and collateral consequences. TITLE V—ADDICTION AND TREATMENT SERVICES FOR WOMEN, FAMILIES, AND VETERANS Sec. 501. Improving treatment for pregnant and postpartum women. Sec. 502. Veterans treatment courts. Sec. 503. Infant plan of safe care. Sec. 504. GAO report on neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS). TITLE VI—INCENTIVIZING STATE COM-PREHENSIVE INITIATIVES TO ADDRESS PRESCRIPTION OPIOID ABUSE Sec. 601. State demonstration grants for com-prehensive opioid abuse response. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 701. Grant accountability and evaluations. Sec. 702. Partial fills of schedule II controlled substances. Sec. 703. Good samaritan assessment. Sec. 704. Programs to prevent prescription drug abuse under Medicare parts C and D. Sec. 705. Excluding abuse-deterrent formula-tions of prescription drugs from the Medicaid additional rebate re-quirement for new formulations of prescription drugs. Sec. 706. Limiting disclosure of predictive mod-eling and other analytics tech-nologies to identify and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse. Sec. 707. Medicaid Improvement Fund. Sec. 708. Sense of the Congress regarding treat-ment of substance abuse epidemics. TITLE VIII—KINGPIN DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT Sec. 801. Protection of classified information in Federal court challenges relating to designations under the Nar-cotics Kingpin Designation Act. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS Sec. 901. Short title. Sec. 902. Definitions. Subtitle A—Opioid Therapy and Pain Management Sec. 911. Improvement of opioid safety measures by Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Sec. 912. Strengthening of joint working group on pain management of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense. Sec. 913. Review, investigation, and report on use of opioids in treatment by De-partment of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 914. Mandatory disclosure of certain vet-eran information to State con-trolled substance monitoring pro-grams. Sec. 915. Elimination of copayment requirement for veterans receiving opioid an-tagonists or education on use of opioid antagonists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.033 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4393 July 6, 2016 
Subtitle B—Patient Advocacy Sec. 921. Community meetings on improving care furnished by Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 922. Improvement of awareness of patient advocacy program and patient bill of rights of Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Sec. 923. Comptroller General report on patient advocacy program of Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 924. Establishment of Office of Patient Ad-vocacy of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Subtitle C—Complementary and Integrative Health Sec. 931. Expansion of research and education on and delivery of complementary and integrative health to vet-erans. Sec. 932. Expansion of research and education on and delivery of complementary and integrative health to vet-erans. Sec. 933. Pilot program on integration of com-plementary and integrative health and related issues for veterans and family members of veterans. Subtitle D—Fitness of Health Care Providers Sec. 941. Additional requirements for hiring of health care providers by Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 942. Provision of information on health care providers of Department of Veterans Affairs to State medical boards. Sec. 943. Report on compliance by Department of Veterans Affairs with reviews of health care providers leaving the Department or transferring to other facilities. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 951. Modification to limitation on awards and bonuses. TITLE I—PREVENTION AND EDUCATION 
SEC. 101. TASK FORCE ON PAIN MANAGEMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (2) T
ASK FORCE .—The term ‘‘task force’’ means the Pain Management Best Practices Inter-Agency Task Force convened under sub-section (b). (b) I
NTER-AGENCY TASK FORCE.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense, shall convene a Pain Management Best Practices Inter-Agency Task Force. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The task force shall be comprised of— (1) representatives of— (A) the Department of Health and Human Services and relevant agencies within the De-partment of Health and Human Services; (B) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (C) the Department of Defense; and (D) the Office of National Drug Control Pol-icy; (2) currently licensed and practicing physi-cians, dentists, and nonphysician prescribers; (3) currently licensed and practicing phar-macists and pharmacies; (4) experts in the fields of pain research and addiction research, including adolescent and young adult addiction research; (5) representatives of— (A) pain management professional organiza-tions; (B) the mental health treatment community; (C) the addiction treatment community, in-cluding individuals in recovery from substance use disorder; (D) pain advocacy groups, including patients; (E) veteran service organizations; (F) groups with expertise on overdose reversal, including first responders; (G) State medical boards; and (H) hospitals; (6) experts on the health of, and prescription opioid use disorders in, members of the Armed Forces and veterans; and (7) experts in the field of minority health. (d) REPRESENTATION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the membership of the task force in-cludes individuals representing rural and un-derserved areas. (e) D
UTIES .—The task force shall— (1) identify, review, and, as appropriate, de-termine whether there are gaps in or inconsist-encies between best practices for pain manage-ment (including chronic and acute pain) devel-oped or adopted by Federal agencies; (2) not later than 1 year after the date on which the task force is convened under sub-section (b), propose updates to best practices and recommendations on addressing gaps or in-consistencies identified under paragraph (1), as appropriate, and submit to relevant Federal agencies and the general public such proposed updates and recommendations, taking into con-sideration— (A) existing pain management research and other relevant research; (B) recommendations from relevant con-ferences and existing relevant evidence-based guidelines; (C) ongoing efforts at the State and local lev-els and by medical professional organizations to develop improved pain management strategies, including consideration of differences within and between classes of opioids, the availability of opioids with abuse deterrent technology, and pharmacological, nonpharmacological, and med-ical device alternatives to opioids to reduce opioid monotherapy in appropriate cases; (D) the management of high-risk populations who receive opioids in the course of medical care, other than for pain management; (E) the 2016 Guideline for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain issued by the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention; and (F) private sector, State, and local government efforts related to pain management and pre-scribing pain medication; (3) provide the public with at least 90 days to submit comments on any proposed updates and recommendations under paragraph (2); and (4) develop a strategy for disseminating infor-mation about best practices for pain manage-ment (including chronic and acute pain) to stakeholders, if appropriate. (f) L
IMITATION .—The task force shall not have rulemaking authority. (g) S
UNSET .—The task force under this section shall sunset after 3 years. 
SEC. 102. AWARENESS CAMPAIGNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in coordination with the heads of other departments and agencies, shall, as ap-propriate, through existing programs and activi-ties, advance the education and awareness of the public (including providers, patients, and consumers) and other appropriate entities re-garding the risk of abuse of prescription opioids if such drugs are not taken as prescribed. (b) T
OPICS .—The education and awareness campaigns under subsection (a) shall address— (1) the dangers of opioid abuse; (2) the prevention of opioid abuse, including through safe disposal of prescription medica-tions and other safety precautions; and (3) the detection of early warning signs of ad-diction. (c) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—The education and awareness campaigns under subsection (a) shall, as appropriate— (1) take into account any association between prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; (2) emphasize— (A) the similarities between heroin and pre-scription opioids; and (B) the effects of heroin and prescription opioids on the human body; and (3) bring greater public awareness to the dan-gerous effects of fentanyl when mixed with her-oin or abused in a similar manner. SEC. 103. COMMUNITY-BASED COALITION EN-HANCEMENT GRANTS TO ADDRESS LOCAL DRUG CRISES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Services Ad-ministration. (2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of National Drug Con-trol Policy. (3) D
RUG-FREE COMMUNITIES ACT OF 1997 .—The term ‘‘Drug-Free Communities Act of 1997’’ means chapter 2 of the National Narcotics Lead-ership Act of 1988 (21 U.S.C. 1521 et seq.). (4) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible enti-ty’’ means an organization that— (A) on or before the date of submitting an ap-plication for a grant under this section, receives or has received a grant under the Drug-Free Communities Act of 1997; and (B) has documented, using local data, rates of abuse of opioids or methamphetamines at levels that are— (i) significantly higher than the national av-erage as determined by the Secretary (including appropriate consideration of the results of the Monitoring the Future Survey published by the National Institute on Drug Abuse and the Na-tional Survey on Drug Use and Health pub-lished by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration); or (ii) higher than the national average, as de-termined by the Secretary (including appro-priate consideration of the results of the surveys described in clause (i)), over a sustained period of time. (5) E
MERGING DRUG ABUSE ISSUE .—The term ‘‘emerging drug abuse issue’’ means a substance use disorder within an area involving— (A) a sudden increase in demand for par-ticular drug abuse treatment services relative to previous demand; and (B) a lack of resources in the area to address the emerging problem. (6) L
OCAL DRUG CRISIS .—The term ‘‘local drug crisis’’ means, with respect to the area served by an eligible entity— (A) a sudden increase in the abuse of opioids or methamphetamines, as documented by local data; (B) the abuse of prescription medications, spe-cifically opioids or methamphetamines, that is significantly higher than the national average, over a sustained period of time, as documented by local data; or (C) a sudden increase in opioid-related deaths, as documented by local data. (7) O
PIOID .—The term ‘‘opioid’’ means any drug having an addiction-forming or addiction- sustaining liability similar to morphine or being capable of conversion into a drug having such addiction-forming or addiction-sustaining liabil-ity. (b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Director, in coordination with the Administrator, may make grants to eligible entities to implement com-prehensive community-wide strategies that ad-dress local drug crises and emerging drug abuse issues within the area served by the eligible en-tity. (c) A
PPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity seeking a grant under this section shall submit an appli-cation to the Director at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Director may require. (2) C
RITERIA .—As part of an application for a grant under this section, the Director shall re-quire an eligible entity to submit a detailed, comprehensive, multisector plan for addressing the local drug crisis or emerging drug abuse issue within the area served by the eligible enti-ty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4394 July 6, 2016 
(d) U SE OF FUNDS.—An eligible entity shall use a grant received under this section— (1) for programs designed to implement com-prehensive community-wide prevention strate-gies to address the local drug crisis in the area served by the eligible entity, in accordance with the plan submitted under subsection (c)(2); (2) to obtain specialized training and tech-nical assistance from the organization funded under section 4 of Public Law 107–82 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); and (3) for programs designed to implement com-prehensive community-wide strategies to address emerging drug abuse issues in the community. (e) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—An eligible entity shall use Federal funds received under this section only to supplement the funds that would, in the absence of those Federal funds, be made available from other Federal and non-Fed-eral sources for the activities described in this section, and not to supplant those funds. (f) E
VALUATION .—A grant under this section shall be subject to the same evaluation require-ments and procedures as the evaluation require-ments and procedures imposed on the recipient of a grant under the Drug-Free Communities Act of 1997, and may also include an evaluation of the effectiveness at reducing abuse of opioids or methamphetamines. (g) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES .—Not more than 8 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section for a fiscal year may be used to pay for adminis-trative expenses. (h) D
ELEGATION AUTHORITY .—The Director may enter into an interagency agreement with the Administrator to delegate authority for the execution of grants and for such other activities as may be necessary to carry out this section. (i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
SEC. 104. INFORMATION MATERIALS AND RE-SOURCES TO PREVENT ADDICTION RELATED TO YOUTH SPORTS INJU-RIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall, not later than 24 months after the date of the enactment of this section, make publicly available on the appropriate website of the Department of Health and Human Services a report determining the extent to which informational materials and resources described in subsection (c) are available to teen-agers and adolescents who play youth sports, families of such teenagers and adolescents, nurses, youth sports groups, and relevant health care provider groups. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF INFORMATIONAL MATE-
RIALS AND RESOURCES .—The Secretary may, for purposes of preventing substance use disorder in teenagers and adolescents who are injured play-ing youth sports and are subsequently pre-scribed an opioid, not later than 12 months after the report is made publicly available under sub-section (a), and taking into consideration the findings of such report and in coordination with relevant health care provider groups, facilitate the development of informational materials and resources described in subsection (c) for teen-agers and adolescents who play youth sports, families of such teenagers and adolescents, nurses, youth sports groups, and relevant health care provider groups. (c) M
ATERIALS AND RESOURCES DESCRIBED .— For purposes of this section, the informational materials and resources described in this sub-section are informational materials and re-sources with respect to youth sports injuries for which opioids are potentially prescribed, includ-ing materials and resources focused on the risks associated with opioid use and misuse, treat-ment options for such injuries that do not in-volve the use of opioids, and how to seek treat-ment for addiction. (d) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS.—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated for the purpose of carrying out this section. This sec-tion shall be carried out using amounts other-wise available for such purpose. SEC. 105. ASSISTING VETERANS WITH MILITARY EMERGENCY MEDICAL TRAINING TO MEET REQUIREMENT FOR BECOM-ING CIVILIAN HEALTH CARE PRO-FESSIONALS. 
Part B of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by insert-ing after section 314 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 315. ASSISTING VETERANS WITH MILITARY EMERGENCY MEDICAL TRAINING TO MEET REQUIREMENTS FOR BECOM-ING CIVILIAN HEALTH CARE PRO-FESSIONALS. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may estab-lish a program, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Labor, consisting of awarding dem-onstration grants to States to streamline State requirements and procedures in order to assist veterans who held certain military occupational specialties related to medical care or who have completed certain medical training while serving in the Armed Forces of the United States to meet certification, licensure, and other requirements applicable to civilian health care professions (such as emergency medical technician, para-medic, licensed practical nurse, registered nurse, physical therapy assistant, or physician assist-ant professions) in the State. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION AND COLLABORATION .—In determining the eligible military occupational specialties or training courses and the assist-ance required as described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, and shall collabo-rate with the initiatives carried out under sec-tion 4114 of title 38, United States Code, and sec-tions 1142 through 1144 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS.—Amounts received as a demonstration grant under this section shall be used to— ‘‘(1) prepare and implement a plan to stream-line State requirements and procedures as de-scribed in subsection (a), including by— ‘‘(A) determining the extent to which the re-quirements for the education, training, and skill level of civilian health care professions (such as emergency medical technicians, paramedics, li-censed practical nurses, registered nurses, phys-ical therapy assistants, or physician assistants) in the State are equivalent to requirements for the education, training, and skill level of vet-erans who served in medical related fields while a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and ‘‘(B) identifying methods, such as waivers, for veterans who served in medical related fields while a member of the Armed Forces of the United States to forgo or meet any such equiva-lent State requirements; and ‘‘(2) if necessary to meet workforce shortages or address gaps in education, training, or skill level to meet certification, licensure or other re-quirements applicable to becoming a civilian health care professional (such as an emergency medical technician, paramedic, licensed prac-tical nurse, registered nurse, physical therapy assistant, or physician assistant professions) in the State, develop or expand career pathways at institutions of higher education to support vet-erans in meeting such requirements. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—Upon the completion of the demonstration program under this section, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the program. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—No additional funds are au-thorized to be appropriated for the purpose of carrying out this section. This section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. ‘‘(e) S
UNSET .—The demonstration program under this section shall not exceed 5 years.’’. SEC. 106. FDA OPIOID ACTION PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) N
EW DRUG APPLICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), prior to the approval pursuant to an appli-cation submitted under section 505(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(b)) of a new drug that is an opioid, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall refer the application to an advisory com-mittee of the Food and Drug Administration to seek recommendations from such advisory com-mittee. (B) P
UBLIC HEALTH EXEMPTION .—A referral to an advisory committee under subparagraph (A) is not required with respect to a new opioid drug or drugs if the Secretary— (i) finds that such a referral is not in the in-terest of protecting and promoting public health; (ii) finds that such a referral is not necessary based on a review of the relevant scientific in-formation; and (iii) submits a notice containing the rationale for such findings to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. (2) P
EDIATRIC OPIOID LABELING .—The Sec- retary shall convene the Pediatric Advisory Committee of the Food and Drug Administration to seek recommendations from such Committee regarding a framework for the inclusion of in-formation in the labeling of drugs that are opioids relating to the use of such drugs in pedi-atric populations before the Secretary approves any labeling or change to labeling for any drug that is an opioid intended for use in a pediatric population. (3) S
UNSET .—The requirements of paragraphs (1) and (2) shall cease to be effective on October 1, 2022. (b) P
RESCRIBER EDUCATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, as part of the Food and Drug Administration’s evaluation of the Ex-tended-Release/Long-Acting Opioid Analgesics Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, and in consultation with relevant stakeholders, shall develop recommendations regarding education programs for prescribers of opioids pursuant to section 505–1 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355–1), including rec-ommendations on— (1) which prescribers should participate in such programs; and (2) how often participation in such programs is necessary. (c) G
UIDANCE ON EVALUATING THE ABUSE DE-
TERRENCE OF GENERIC SOLID ORALOPIOID DRUG P
RODUCTS .—Not later than 18 months after the end of the period for public comment on the draft guidance entitled ‘‘General Principles for Evaluating the Abuse Deterrence of Generic Solid Oral Opioid Drug Products’’ issued by the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research of the Food and Drug Administration in March 2016, the Commissioner of Food and Drugs shall pub-lish in the Federal Register a final version of such guidance. 
SEC. 107. IMPROVING ACCESS TO OVERDOSE TREATMENT. 
(a) G RANTS FOR REDUCING OVERDOSE  D
EATHS .—Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 544. GRANTS FOR REDUCING OVERDOSE DEATHS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants to eligible entities to expand access to drugs or devices approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emer-gency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM GRANT AMOUNT .—A grant awarded under this section may not be for more than $200,000 per grant year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4395 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(3) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means a Feder-ally qualified health center (as defined in sec-tion 1861(aa) of the Social Security Act), an opioid treatment program under part 8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, any practi-tioner dispensing narcotic drugs pursuant to section 303(g) of the Controlled Substances Act, or any other entity that the Secretary deems ap-propriate. ‘‘(4) P
RESCRIBING .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘prescribing’ means, with respect to a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose, the practice of prescribing such drug or device— ‘‘(A) in conjunction with an opioid prescrip-tion for patients at an elevated risk of overdose; ‘‘(B) in conjunction with an opioid agonist approved under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for the treatment of opioid use disorder; ‘‘(C) to the caregiver or a close relative of pa-tients at an elevated risk of overdose from opioids; or ‘‘(D) in other circumstances in which a pro-vider identifies a patient is at an elevated risk for an intentional or unintentional drug over-dose from heroin or prescription opioid thera-pies. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary, in such form and man-ner as specified by the Secretary, an application that describes— ‘‘(1) the extent to which the area to which the entity will furnish services through use of the grant is experiencing significant morbidity and mortality caused by opioid abuse; ‘‘(2) the criteria that will be used to identify eligible patients to participate in such program; and ‘‘(3) a plan for sustaining the program after Federal support for the program has ended. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS.—An eligible entity receiv-ing a grant under this section may use amounts under the grant for any of the following activi-ties, but may use not more than 20 percent of the grant funds for activities described in para-graphs (3) and (4): ‘‘(1) To establish a program for prescribing a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emer-gency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose. ‘‘(2) To train and provide resources for health care providers and pharmacists on the pre-scribing of drugs or devices approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or sus-pected opioid overdose. ‘‘(3) To purchase drugs or devices approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose, for distribution under the program described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) To offset the co-payments and other cost sharing associated with drugs or devices ap-proved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose. ‘‘(5) To establish protocols to connect patients who have experienced a drug overdose with ap-propriate treatment, including medication-as-sisted treatment and appropriate counseling and behavioral therapies. ‘‘(d) E
VALUATIONS BY RECIPIENTS .—As a con- dition of receipt of a grant under this section, an eligible entity shall, for each year for which the grant is received, submit to the Secretary an evaluation of activities funded by the grant which contains such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS BY THE SECRETARY .—Not later than 5 years after the date on which the first grant under this section is awarded, the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of the House of Representatives and of the Senate a report aggregating the information re-ceived from the grant recipients for such year under subsection (d) and evaluating the out-comes achieved by the programs funded by grants awarded under this section. ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $5,000,000 for the period of fis-cal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (b) I
MPROVING ACCESS TO OVERDOSE TREAT-
MENT .— (1) I
NFORMATION ON BEST PRACTICES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act: (A) The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices may provide information to prescribers within Federally qualified health centers (as de-fined in paragraph (4) of section 1861(aa) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(aa))), and the health care facilities of the Indian Health Service, on best practices for prescribing or co- prescribing a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) for emergency treat-ment of known or suspected opioid overdose, in-cluding for patients receiving chronic opioid therapy and patients being treated for opioid use disorders. (B) The Secretary of Defense may provide in-formation to prescribers within Department of Defense medical facilities on best practices for prescribing or co-prescribing a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose, including for patients receiving chronic opioid therapy and patients being treat-ed for opioid use disorders. (C) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may provide information to prescribers within De-partment of Veterans Affairs medical facilities on best practices for prescribing or co-pre-scribing a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) for emergency treat-ment of known or suspected opioid overdose, in-cluding for patients receiving chronic opioid therapy and patients being treated for opioid use disorders. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection should be construed to establish or contribute to a medical standard of care. 
SEC. 108. NIH OPIOID RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the National Institutes of Health (referred to in this section as the ‘‘NIH’’) may intensify and coordinate fundamental, translational, and clinical re-search of the NIH with respect to— (1) the understanding of pain; (2) the discovery and development of therapies for chronic pain; and (3) the development of alternatives to opioids for effective pain treatments. (b) P
RIORITY AND DIRECTION .—The prioritization and direction of the Federally funded portfolio of pain research studies shall consider recommendations made by the Inter-agency Pain Research Coordinating Committee in concert with the Pain Management Best Practices Inter-Agency Task Force, and in ac-cordance with the National Pain Strategy, the Federal Pain Research Strategy, and the NIH- Wide Strategic Plan for Fiscal Years 2016–2020, the latter of which calls for the relative burdens of individual diseases and medical disorders to be regarded as crucial considerations in bal-ancing the priorities of the Federal research portfolio. 
SEC. 109. NATIONAL ALL SCHEDULES PRESCRIP-TION ELECTRONIC REPORTING RE-AUTHORIZATION. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO PURPOSE .—Paragraph (1) of section 2 of the National All Schedules Pre-scription Electronic Reporting Act of 2005 (Pub-lic Law 109–60) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) foster the establishment of State-adminis-tered controlled substance monitoring systems in order to ensure that health care providers have access to the accurate, timely prescription his-tory information that they may use as a tool for the early identification of patients at risk for addiction in order to initiate appropriate med-ical interventions and avert the tragic personal, family, and community consequences of un-treated addiction; and’’. (b) AMENDMENTS TO CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE  M
ONITORING PROGRAM .—Section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Admin-istrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to maintain an existing State-controlled substance monitoring program.’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall maintain and, as appropriate, supplement or revise (after publishing proposed additions and revisions in the Federal Register and receiv-ing public comments thereon) minimum require-ments for criteria to be used by States for pur-poses of clauses (ii), (v), (vi), and (vii) of sub-section (c)(1)(A).’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-ing ‘‘(a)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(1)(B) or (a)(1)(C)’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘program to be improved’’ and inserting ‘‘program to be im-proved or maintained’’; (iii) by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) as clauses (iv) and (v), respectively; (iv) by inserting after clause (ii), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) a plan to apply the latest advances in health information technology, to the extent practicable, in order to incorporate prescription drug monitoring program data directly into the workflow of prescribers and dispensers to ensure timely access to patients’ controlled prescription drug history;’’; (v) in clause (iv) (as so redesignated), by strik-ing ‘‘; and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘and at least one health information technology sys-tem such as electronic health records, health in-formation exchanges, or e-prescribing systems;’’; (vi) in clause (v) (as so redesignated)— (I) by striking ‘‘public health’’ and inserting ‘‘public health or safety’’; and (II) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (vii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) information, where applicable, on how the controlled substance monitoring program jointly works with the applicant’s respective State substance abuse agency to ensure informa-tion collected and maintained by the controlled substance monitoring program is used to inform the provision of clinically appropriate substance use disorder services to individuals in need.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘If a State that submits’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a State that submits’’; (ii) by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘and include timelines for full implementation of such interoperability. The State shall also de-scribe the manner in which it will achieve inter-operability between its monitoring program and health information technology systems, as al-lowable under State law, and include timelines for the implementation of such interoper-ability’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
ONITORING OF EFFORTS .—The Secretary shall monitor State efforts to achieve interoper-ability, as described in subparagraph (A).’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4396 July 6, 2016 
(C) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘implement or improve’’ and in-serting ‘‘establish, improve, or maintain’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary shall redistribute any funds that are so returned among the remaining grantees under this section in accordance with the for-mula described in subsection (a)(2)(B).’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘In implementing or improv-ing’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(a)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘In establishing, improving, or maintaining a controlled substance monitoring program under this section, a State shall com-ply, or with respect to a State that applies for a grant under subparagraph (B) or (C) of sub-section (a)(1)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘public health’’ and inserting ‘‘public health or safety’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) The State shall report on interoperability with the controlled substance monitoring pro-gram of Federal agencies, where appropriate, interoperability with health information tech-nology systems such as electronic health records, health information exchanges, and e- prescribing, where appropriate, and whether or not the State provides automatic, up-to-date, or daily information about a patient when a prac-titioner (or the designee of a practitioner, where permitted) requests information about such pa-tient.’’; (5) in subsections (e), (f)(1), and (g), by strik-ing ‘‘implementing or improving’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘establishing, improving, or maintaining’’; (6) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘misuse of a schedule II, III, or IV substance’’ and in-serting ‘‘misuse of a controlled substance in-cluded in schedule II, III, or IV of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘a State substance abuse agency,’’ after ‘‘State health department,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘such department, program, or administration’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘such department, program, agency, or administration’’ in each such place; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION AND REPORTING .—Subject to subsection (g), a State receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall provide the Secretary with aggregate data to enable the Secretary— ‘‘(A) to evaluate the success of the State’s pro-gram in achieving its purposes; or ‘‘(B) to prepare and submit the report to Con-gress required by subsection (k)(2). ‘‘(4) R
ESEARCH BY OTHER ENTITIES .—A depart- ment, program, agency, or administration re-ceiving nonidentifiable information under para-graph (1)(D) may make such information avail-able to other entities for research purposes.’’; (7) by striking subsection (k); (8) by redesignating subsections (h) through (j) as subsections (i) through (k), respectively; (9) in subsections (c)(1)(A)(iv) and (d)(4), by striking ‘‘subsection (h)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (i)’’; (10) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) E
DUCATION AND ACCESS TO THE MONI-
TORING SYSTEM .—A State receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall take steps to— ‘‘(1) facilitate prescriber and dispenser use of the State’s controlled substance monitoring sys-tem, to the extent practicable; and ‘‘(2) educate prescribers and dispensers on the benefits of the system.’’; (11) in subsection (k)(2)(A), as so redesig-nated— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or affected’’ and inserting ‘‘, established or strengthened ini-tiatives to ensure linkages to substance use dis-order services, or affected’’; and (B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘including an assessment’’ and inserting ‘‘and between con-trolled substance monitoring programs and health information technology systems, includ-ing an assessment’’; (12) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘establish-ment, implementation, or improvement’’ and in-serting ‘‘establishment, improvement, or mainte-nance’’; (13) in subsection (m)(8), by striking ‘‘and the District of Columbia’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and any commonwealth or territory of the United States’’; and (14) by amending subsection (n) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(n) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated, $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 110. OPIOID OVERDOSE REVERSAL MEDICA-TION ACCESS AND EDUCATION GRANT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part D of title V of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.), as amended by section 107, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 545. OPIOID OVERDOSE REVERSAL MEDICA-TION ACCESS AND EDUCATION GRANT PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO STATES .—The Secretary shall make grants to States to— ‘‘(1) implement strategies for pharmacists to dispense a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or sus-pected opioid overdose, as appropriate, pursuant to a standing order; ‘‘(2) encourage pharmacies to dispense opioid overdose reversal medication pursuant to a standing order; ‘‘(3) develop or provide training materials that persons authorized to prescribe or dispense a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emer-gency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose may use to educate the public con-cerning— ‘‘(A) when and how to safely administer such drug or device; and ‘‘(B) steps to be taken after administering such drug or device; and ‘‘(4) educate the public concerning the avail-ability of drugs or devices approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or sus-pected opioid overdose without a person-specific prescription. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN REQUIREMENT .—A grant may be made under this section only if the State in-volved has authorized standing orders to be issued for drugs or devices approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or sus-pected opioid overdose. ‘‘(c) P
REFERENCE IN MAKING GRANTS .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary may give preference to States that have a sig-nificantly higher rate of opioid overdoses than the national average, and that— ‘‘(1) have not implemented standing orders re-garding drugs or devices approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or sus-pected opioid overdose; ‘‘(2) authorize standing orders to be issued that permit community-based organizations, substance abuse programs, or other nonprofit entities to acquire, dispense, or administer drugs or devices approved or cleared under the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emer-gency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose; or ‘‘(3) authorize standing orders to be issued that permit police, fire, or emergency medical services agencies to acquire and administer drugs or devices approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emer-gency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose. ‘‘(d) G
RANT TERMS .— ‘‘(1) NUMBER .—A State may not receive more than one grant under this section at a time. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—A grant under this section shall be for a period of 3 years. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A State may use not more than 20 percent of a grant under this section for educating the public pursuant to subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary in such form and manner and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require, including de-tailed proposed expenditures of grant funds. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTING .—A State that receives a grant under this section shall, at least annually for the duration of the grant, submit a report to the Secretary evaluating the progress of the ac-tivities supported through the grant. Such re-ports shall include information on the number of pharmacies in the State that dispense a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose under a standing order, and other information as the Secretary determines appropriate to evaluate the use of grant funds. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the term ‘standing order’ means a document prepared by a person authorized to prescribe medication that permits another person to acquire, dispense, or administer medication without a person-specific prescription. ‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2017 through 2019. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Not more than 3 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section may be used by the Secretary for administrative expenses of carrying out this sec-tion.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CLARIFICATION .—Effective as if included in the enactment of the Children’s Health Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–310), section 3405(a) of such Act (114 Stat. 1221) is amended by striking ‘‘Part E of title III’’ and inserting ‘‘Part E of title III of the Public Health Service Act’’. TITLE II—LAW ENFORCEMENT AND TREATMENT 
SEC. 201. COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE GRANT P
ROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART LL—COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE GRANT PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 3021. DESCRIPTION. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From amounts made available to carry out this part, the Attor-ney General may make grants to States, units of local government, and Indian tribes, for use by the State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe to provide services primarily relating to opioid abuse, including for any one or more of the following: ‘‘(1) Developing, implementing, or expanding a treatment alternative to incarceration pro-gram, which may include— ‘‘(A) prebooking or postbooking components, which may include the activities described in part DD or HH of this title; ‘‘(B) training for criminal justice agency per-sonnel on substance use disorders and co-occur-ring mental illness and substance use disorders; ‘‘(C) a mental health court, including the ac-tivities described in part V of this title; ‘‘(D) a drug court, including the activities de-scribed in part EE of this title; ‘‘(E) a veterans treatment court program, in-cluding the activities described in subsection (i) of section 2991 of this title; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4397 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(F) a focus on parents whose incarceration could result in their children entering the child welfare system; and ‘‘(G) a community-based substance use diver-sion program sponsored by a law enforcement agency. ‘‘(2) In the case of a State, facilitating or en-hancing planning and collaboration between State criminal justice agencies and State sub-stance abuse agencies in order to more effi-ciently and effectively carry out activities or services described in any paragraph of this sub-section that address problems related to opioid abuse. ‘‘(3) Providing training and resources for first responders on carrying and administering an opioid overdose reversal drug or device approved or cleared by the Food and Drug Administra-tion, and purchasing such a drug or device for first responders who have received such training to so carry and administer. ‘‘(4) Locating or investigating illicit activities related to the unlawful distribution of opioids. ‘‘(5) Developing, implementing, or expanding a medication-assisted treatment program used or operated by a criminal justice agency, which may include training criminal justice agency personnel on medication-assisted treatment, and carrying out the activities described in part S of this title. ‘‘(6) In the case of a State, developing, imple-menting, or expanding a prescription drug moni-toring program to collect and analyze data re-lated to the prescribing of schedules II, III, and IV controlled substances through a centralized database administered by an authorized State agency, which includes tracking the dispensa-tion of such substances, and providing for inter-operability and data sharing with each other such program in each other State, and with any interstate entity that shares information be-tween such programs. ‘‘(7) Developing, implementing, or expanding a program to prevent and address opioid abuse by juveniles. ‘‘(8) Developing, implementing, or expanding a program (which may include demonstration projects) to utilize technology that provides a se-cure container for prescription drugs that would prevent or deter individuals, particularly ado-lescents, from gaining access to opioid medica-tions that are lawfully prescribed for other indi-viduals. ‘‘(9) Developing, implementing, or expanding a prescription drug take-back program. ‘‘(10) Developing, implementing, or expanding an integrated and comprehensive opioid abuse response program. ‘‘(b) C
ONTRACTS AND SUBAWARDS .—A State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe may, in using a grant under this part for purposes authorized by subsection (a), use all or a por-tion of that grant to contract with, or make one or more subawards to, one or more— ‘‘(1) local or regional organizations that are private and nonprofit, including faith-based or-ganizations; ‘‘(2) units of local government; or ‘‘(3) tribal organizations. ‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM ASSESSMENT COMPONENT ; W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM ASSESSMENT COMPONENT .—Each program funded under this part shall contain a program assessment component, developed pur-suant to guidelines established by the Attorney General, in coordination with the National In-stitute of Justice. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Attorney General may waive the requirement of paragraph (1) with re-spect to a program if, in the opinion of the At-torney General, the program is not of sufficient size to justify a full program assessment. ‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Not more than 10 percent of a grant made under this part may be used for costs incurred to administer such grant. ‘‘(e) P
ERIOD .—The period of a grant made under this part may not be longer than 4 years, except that renewals and extensions beyond that period may be granted at the discretion of the Attorney General. ‘‘SEC. 3022. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘To request a grant under this part, the chief executive officer of a State, unit of local govern-ment, or Indian tribe shall submit an applica-tion to the Attorney General at such time and in such form as the Attorney General may require. Such application shall include the following: ‘‘(1) A certification that Federal funds made available under this part will not be used to supplant State, local, or tribal funds, but will be used to increase the amounts of such funds that would, in the absence of Federal funds, be made available for the activities described in section 3021(a). ‘‘(2) An assurance that, for each fiscal year covered by an application, the applicant shall maintain and report such data, records, and in-formation (programmatic and financial) as the Attorney General may reasonably require. ‘‘(3) A certification, made in a form acceptable to the Attorney General and executed by the chief executive officer of the applicant (or by another officer of the applicant, if qualified under regulations promulgated by the Attorney General), that— ‘‘(A) the activities or services to be funded by the grant meet all the requirements of this part; ‘‘(B) all the information contained in the ap-plication is correct; ‘‘(C) there has been appropriate coordination with affected agencies; and ‘‘(D) the applicant will comply with all provi-sions of this part and all other applicable Fed-eral laws. ‘‘(4) An assurance that the applicant will work with the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion to develop an integrated and comprehensive strategy to address opioid abuse. 
‘‘SEC. 3023. REVIEW OF APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘The Attorney General shall not finally dis-approve any application (or any amendment to that application) submitted under this part without first affording the applicant reasonable notice of any deficiencies in the application and an opportunity for correction of any such defi-ciencies and reconsideration. 
‘‘SEC. 3024. EQUITABLE DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘In awarding grants under this part, the At-torney General shall distribute funds in a man-ner that— ‘‘(1) equitably addresses the needs of under-served populations, including rural and tribal communities; and ‘‘(2) focuses on communities that have been disproportionately impacted by opioid abuse as evidenced in part by— ‘‘(A) high rates of primary treatment admis-sions for heroin and other opioids; ‘‘(B) high rates of drug poisoning deaths from heroin and other opioids; and ‘‘(C) a lack of accessibility to treatment pro-viders and facilities and to emergency medical services. 
‘‘SEC. 3025. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) The term ‘first responder’ includes a fire-fighter, law enforcement officer, paramedic, emergency medical technician, or other indi-vidual (including an employee of a legally orga-nized and recognized volunteer organization, whether compensated or not), who, in the course of his or her professional duties, responds to fire, medical, hazardous material, or other similar emergencies. ‘‘(2) The term ‘medication-assisted treatment’ means the use of medications approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of opioid abuse. ‘‘(3) The term ‘opioid’ means any drug, in-cluding heroin, having an addiction-forming or addiction-sustaining liability similar to mor-phine or being capable of conversion into a drug having such addiction-forming or addiction-sus-taining liability. ‘‘(4) The term ‘schedule II, III, or IV con-trolled substance’ means a controlled substance that is listed on schedule II, schedule III, or schedule IV of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)). ‘‘(5) The terms ‘drug’ and ‘device’ have the meanings given those terms in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(6) The term ‘criminal justice agency’ means a State, local, or tribal— ‘‘(A) court; ‘‘(B) prison; ‘‘(C) jail; ‘‘(D) law enforcement agency; or ‘‘(E) other agency that performs the adminis-tration of criminal justice, including prosecu-tion, pretrial services, and community super-vision. ‘‘(7) The term ‘tribal organization’ has the meaning given that term in section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). ‘‘(8) The term ‘State substance abuse agency’ has the meaning given that term in section 508(r)(6) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–1).’’. (2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 1001(a) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(a)) is amended by inserting after paragraph (26) the following: ‘‘(27) There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out part LL $103,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (b) E
MERGENCY FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT  A
SSISTANCE .—Section 609Y(a) of the Justice As-sistance Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10513(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 1984’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. (c) I
NCLUSION OF SERVICES FOR PREGNANT  W
OMEN UNDER FAMILY -BASED SUBSTANCE  A
BUSE GRANTS .—Part DD of title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act (42 U.S.C. 3797s et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2921(2), by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘or pregnant women’’; and (2) in section 2927— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘preg-nant or’’ before ‘‘a parent’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or preg-nant women’’ after ‘‘incarcerated parents’’. (d) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT ON FEDERAL  A
GENCY PROGRAMS AND RESEARCH RELATIVE TO  S
UBSTANCE USE AND SUBSTANCE USEDISORDERS  A
MONG ADOLESCENTS AND YOUNG ADULTS .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on how Federal agencies, through grant programs, are addressing prevention of, treatment for, and re-covery from, substance use by, and substance use disorders among, adolescents and young adults. Such study shall include an analysis of each of the following: (A) The research that has been, and is being, conducted or supported pursuant to grant pro-grams operated by Federal agencies on preven-tion of, treatment for, and recovery from sub-stance use by and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults, including an assessment of— (i) such research relative to any unique cir-cumstances (including social and biological cir-cumstances) of adolescents and young adults that may make adolescent-specific and young adult-specific treatment protocols necessary, in-cluding any effects that substance use and sub-stance use disorders may have on brain develop-ment and the implications for treatment and re-covery; and (ii) areas of such research in which greater in-vestment or focus is necessary relative to other areas of such research. (B) Federal agency nonresearch programs and activities that address prevention of, treatment for, and recovery from substance use by and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults, including an assessment of the ef-fectiveness of such programs and activities in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4398 July 6, 2016 
preventing substance use by and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults, treating such adolescents and young adults in a way that accounts for any unique cir-cumstances faced by adolescents and young adults, and supports long-term recovery among adolescents and young adults. (C) Gaps that have been identified by officials of Federal agencies or experts in the efforts sup-ported by grant programs operated by Federal agencies relating to prevention of, treatment for, and recovery from substance use by and sub-stance use disorders among adolescents and young adults, including gaps in research, data collection, and measures to evaluate the effec-tiveness of such efforts, and the reasons for such gaps. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of the Congress a report containing the re-sults of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including— (A) a summary of the findings of the study; and (B) recommendations based on the results of the study, including recommendations for such areas of research and legislative and adminis-trative action as the Comptroller General deter-mines appropriate. 
SEC. 202. FIRST RESPONDER TRAINING. 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.), as amended by sec-tion 110, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 546. FIRST RESPONDER TRAINING. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary shall make grants to States, local governmental entities, and Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act) to allow first responders and members of other key community sectors to administer a drug or de-vice approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid over-dose. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An entity seeking a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) that meets the criteria under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) at such time, in such manner, and ac-companied by such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—An entity, in submitting an application under paragraph (1), shall— ‘‘(A) describe the evidence-based methodology and outcome measurements that will be used to evaluate the program funded with a grant under this section, and specifically explain how such measurements will provide valid measures of the impact of the program; ‘‘(B) describe how the program could be broadly replicated if demonstrated to be effec-tive; ‘‘(C) identify the governmental and commu-nity agencies with which the entity will coordi-nate to implement the program; and ‘‘(D) describe how the entity will ensure that law enforcement agencies will coordinate with their corresponding State substance abuse and mental health agencies to identify protocols and resources that are available to overdose victims and families, including information on treat-ment and recovery resources. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS.—An entity shall use a grant received under this section to— ‘‘(1) make a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose available to be carried and administered by first responders and mem-bers of other key community sectors; ‘‘(2) train and provide resources for first re-sponders and members of other key community sectors on carrying and administering a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid over-dose; and ‘‘(3) establish processes, protocols, and mecha-nisms for referral to appropriate treatment, which may include an outreach coordinator or team to connect individuals receiving opioid overdose reversal drugs to followup services. ‘‘(d) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS .—The Secretary shall make a grant for the purpose of providing technical assistance and training on the use of a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or sus-pected opioid overdose, and mechanisms for re-ferral to appropriate treatment for an entity re-ceiving a grant under this section. ‘‘(e) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that not less than 20 percent of grant funds are awarded to eligible entities that are not located in metropolitan statistical areas (as defined by the Office of Management and Budg-et). The Secretary shall take into account the unique needs of rural communities, including communities with an incidence of individuals with opioid use disorder that is above the na-tional average and communities with a shortage of prevention and treatment services. ‘‘(f) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall con-duct an evaluation of grants made under this section to determine— ‘‘(1) the number of first responders and mem-bers of other key community sectors equipped with a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose; ‘‘(2) the number of opioid and heroin overdoses reversed by first responders and mem-bers of other key community sectors receiving training and supplies of a drug or device ap-proved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose, through a grant received under this section; ‘‘(3) the number of responses to requests for services by the entity or subgrantee, to opioid and heroin overdose; and ‘‘(4) the extent to which overdose victims and families receive information about treatment services and available data describing treatment admissions. ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $12,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 203. PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKE BACK EX-PANSION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF COVERED ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered entity’’ means— (1) a State, local, or tribal law enforcement agency; (2) a manufacturer, distributor, or reverse dis-tributor of prescription medications; (3) a retail pharmacy; (4) a registered narcotic treatment program; (5) a hospital or clinic with an onsite phar-macy; (6) an eligible long-term care facility; or (7) any other entity authorized by the Drug Enforcement Administration to dispose of pre-scription medications. (b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney General, in coordination with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Director of the Office of National Drug Con-trol Policy, shall coordinate with covered enti-ties in expanding or making available disposal sites for unwanted prescription medications. TITLE III—TREATMENT AND RECOVERY SEC. 301. EVIDENCE-BASED PRESCRIPTION OPIOID AND HEROIN TREATMENT AND INTERVENTIONS DEMONSTRA-TION. 
Subpart 1 of part B of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 514B. EVIDENCE-BASED PRESCRIPTION OPIOID AND HEROIN TREATMENT AND INTERVENTIONS DEMONSTRA-TION. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TOEXPAND ACCESS .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO AWARD GRANTS .—The Sec- retary shall award grants, contracts, or cooper-ative agreements to State substance abuse agen-cies, units of local government, nonprofit orga-nizations, and Indian tribes and tribal organi-zations (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act) that have a high rate, or have had a rapid increase, in the use of heroin or other opioids, in order to permit such entities to expand activi-ties, including an expansion in the availability of evidence-based medication-assisted treatment and other clinically appropriate services, with respect to the treatment of addiction in the spe-cific geographical areas of such entities where there is a high rate or rapid increase in the use of heroin or other opioids, such as in rural areas. ‘‘(2) N
ATURE OF ACTIVITIES .—Funds awarded under paragraph (1) shall be used for activities that are based on reliable scientific evidence of efficacy in the treatment of problems related to heroin or other opioids. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under sub-section (a), an entity shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. ‘‘(c) E
VALUATION .—An entity that receives a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under subsection (a) shall submit, in the application for such grant, contract, or agreement a plan for the evaluation of any project undertaken with funds provided under this section. Such entity shall provide the Secretary with periodic evaluations of the progress of such project and an evaluation at the completion of such project as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(d) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In award-ing grants, contracts, and cooperative agree-ments under this section, the Secretary shall en-sure that not less than 15 percent of funds are awarded to eligible entities that are not located in metropolitan statistical areas (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget). The Secretary shall take into account the unique needs of rural communities, including commu-nities with an incidence of individuals with opioid use disorder that is above the national average and communities with a shortage of prevention and treatment services. ‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—In admin-istering grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) evaluate the activities supported under such subsection; ‘‘(2) disseminate information, as appropriate, derived from evaluations as the Secretary con-siders appropriate; ‘‘(3) provide States, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and providers with technical as-sistance in connection with the provision of treatment of problems related to heroin and other opioids; and ‘‘(4) fund only those applications that specifi-cally support recovery services as a critical com-ponent of the program involved. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4399 July 6, 2016 
SEC. 302. BUILDING COMMUNITIES OF RECOVERY. 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.), as amended by sec-tion 202, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 547. BUILDING COMMUNITIES OF RECOV-ERY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘recovery community organization’ means an independent nonprofit organization that— ‘‘(1) mobilizes resources within and outside of the recovery community to increase the preva-lence and quality of long-term recovery from substance use disorders; and ‘‘(2) is wholly or principally governed by peo-ple in recovery for substance use disorders who reflect the community served. ‘‘(b) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary shall award grants to recovery community orga-nizations to enable such organizations to de-velop, expand, and enhance recovery services. ‘‘(c) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the costs of a program funded by a grant under this section may not exceed 50 percent. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS.—Grants awarded under subsection (b)— ‘‘(1) shall be used to develop, expand, and en-hance community and statewide recovery sup-port services; and ‘‘(2) may be used to— ‘‘(A) build connections between recovery net-works, between recovery community organiza-tions, and with other recovery support services, including— ‘‘(i) behavioral health providers; ‘‘(ii) primary care providers and physicians; ‘‘(iii) the criminal justice system; ‘‘(iv) employers; ‘‘(v) housing services; ‘‘(vi) child welfare agencies; and ‘‘(vii) other recovery support services that fa-cilitate recovery from substance use disorders; ‘‘(B) reduce the stigma associated with sub-stance use disorders; and ‘‘(C) conduct outreach on issues relating to substance use disorders and recovery, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) identifying the signs of addiction; ‘‘(ii) the resources available to individuals struggling with addiction and to families with a family member struggling with, or being treated for, addiction, including programs that mentor and provide support services to children; ‘‘(iii) the resources available to help support individuals in recovery; and ‘‘(iv) related medical outcomes of substance use disorders, the potential of acquiring an in-fectious disease from intravenous drug use, and neonatal abstinence syndrome among infants exposed to opioids during pregnancy. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 303. MEDICATION-ASSISTED TREATMENT FOR RECOVERY FROM ADDICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 303(g)(2) of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)(2)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) The practitioner is a qualifying practi-tioner (as defined in subparagraph (G)). ‘‘(ii) With respect to patients to whom the practitioner will provide such drugs or combina-tions of drugs, the practitioner has the capacity to provide directly, by referral, or in such other manner as determined by the Secretary— ‘‘(I) all drugs approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of opioid use disorder, including for maintenance, detoxifica-tion, overdose reversal, and relapse prevention; and ‘‘(II) appropriate counseling and other appro-priate ancillary services. ‘‘(iii)(I) The total number of such patients of the practitioner at any one time will not exceed the applicable number. Except as provided in subclause (II), the applicable number is 30. ‘‘(II) The applicable number is 100 if, not sooner than 1 year after the date on which the practitioner submitted the initial notification, the practitioner submits a second notification to the Secretary of the need and intent of the prac-titioner to treat up to 100 patients. ‘‘(III) The Secretary may by regulation change such applicable number. ‘‘(IV) The Secretary may exclude from the ap-plicable number patients to whom such drugs or combinations of drugs are directly administered by the qualifying practitioner in the office set-ting.’’; (B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘Upon receiving a notification under subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Upon receiving a determination from the Secretary under clause (iii) finding that a practitioner meets all requirements for a waiver under subparagraph (B)’’; and (ii) in clause (iii)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and shall forward such de-termination to the Attorney General’’ before the period at the end of the first sentence; and (II) by striking ‘‘physician’’ and inserting ‘‘practitioner’’; (C) in subparagraph (G)— (i) by amending clause (ii)(I) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(I) The physician holds a board certification in addiction psychiatry or addiction medicine from the American Board of Medical Special-ties.’’; (ii) by amending clause (ii)(II) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(II) The physician holds an addiction certifi-cation or board certification from the American Society of Addiction Medicine or the American Board of Addiction Medicine.’’; (iii) in clause (ii)(III), by striking ‘‘sub-specialty’’; (iv) by amending clause (ii)(IV) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(IV) The physician has, with respect to the treatment and management of opiate-dependent patients, completed not less than 8 hours of training (through classroom situations, seminars at professional society meetings, electronic com-munications, or otherwise) that is provided by the American Society of Addiction Medicine, the American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry, the American Medical Association, the American Osteopathic Association, the American Psy-chiatric Association, or any other organization that the Secretary determines is appropriate for purposes of this subclause. Such training shall include— ‘‘(aa) opioid maintenance and detoxification; ‘‘(bb) appropriate clinical use of all drugs ap-proved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of opioid use disorder; ‘‘(cc) initial and periodic patient assessments (including substance use monitoring); ‘‘(dd) individualized treatment planning, overdose reversal, and relapse prevention; ‘‘(ee) counseling and recovery support serv-ices; ‘‘(ff) staffing roles and considerations; ‘‘(gg) diversion control; and ‘‘(hh) other best practices, as identified by the Secretary.’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) The term ‘qualifying practitioner’ means— ‘‘(I) a qualifying physician, as defined in clause (ii); or ‘‘(II) during the period beginning on the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 and ending on October 1, 2021, a qualifying other practitioner, as de-fined in clause (iv). ‘‘(iv) The term ‘qualifying other practitioner’ means a nurse practitioner or physician assist-ant who satisfies each of the following: ‘‘(I) The nurse practitioner or physician as-sistant is licensed under State law to prescribe schedule III, IV, or V medications for the treat-ment of pain. ‘‘(II) The nurse practitioner or physician as-sistant has— ‘‘(aa) completed not fewer than 24 hours of initial training addressing each of the topics listed in clause (ii)(IV) (through classroom situ-ations, seminars at professional society meet-ings, electronic communications, or otherwise) provided by the American Society of Addiction Medicine, the American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry, the American Medical Association, the American Osteopathic Association, the American Nurses Credentialing Center, the American Psychiatric Association, the American Association of Nurse Practitioners, the Amer-ican Academy of Physician Assistants, or any other organization that the Secretary determines is appropriate for purposes of this subclause; or ‘‘(bb) has such other training or experience as the Secretary determines will demonstrate the ability of the nurse practitioner or physician as-sistant to treat and manage opiate-dependent patients. ‘‘(III) The nurse practitioner or physician as-sistant is supervised by, or works in collabora-tion with, a qualifying physician, if the nurse practitioner or physician assistant is required by State law to prescribe medications for the treat-ment of opioid use disorder in collaboration with or under the supervision of a physician. The Secretary may, by regulation, revise the re-quirements for being a qualifying other practi-tioner under this clause.’’; and (D) in subparagraph (H)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting after subclause (II) the following: ‘‘(III) Such other elements of the requirements under this paragraph as the Secretary deter-mines necessary for purposes of implementing such requirements.’’; and (ii) by amending clause (ii) to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Opioid Use Disorder Treat-ment Expansion and Modernization Act, the Secretary shall update the treatment improve-ment protocol containing best practice guide-lines for the treatment of opioid-dependent pa-tients in office-based settings. The Secretary shall update such protocol in consultation with experts in opioid use disorder research and treatment.’’. (2) OPIOID DEFINED .—Section 102(18) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802(18)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or ‘opioid’’’ after ‘‘The term ‘opiate’’’. (3) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act and not later than 3 years thereafter, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Drug Enforcement Administration and experts in opioid use disorder research and treatment, shall— (i) perform a thorough review of the provision of opioid use disorder treatment services in the United States, including services provided in opioid treatment programs and other specialty and nonspecialty settings; and (ii) submit a report to the Congress on the findings and conclusions of such review. (B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under subpara-graph (A) shall include an assessment of— (i) compliance with the requirements of sec-tion 303(g)(2) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)(2)), as amended by this section; (ii) the measures taken by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to ensure such com-pliance; (iii) whether there is further need to increase or decrease the number of patients a practi-tioner, pursuant to a waiver under section 303(g)(2) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)(2)), is permitted to treat; (iv) the extent to which, and proportions with which, the full range of Food and Drug Admin-istration-approved treatments for opioid use dis-order are used in routine health care settings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4400 July 6, 2016 
and specialty substance use disorder treatment settings; (v) access to, and use of, counseling and re-covery support services, including the percent-age of patients receiving such services; (vi) changes in State or local policies and leg-islation relating to opioid use disorder treat-ment; (vii) the use of prescription drug monitoring programs by practitioners who are permitted to dispense narcotic drugs to individuals pursuant to a waiver described in clause (iii); (viii) the findings resulting from inspections by the Drug Enforcement Administration of practitioners described in clause (vii); and (ix) the effectiveness of cross-agency collabo-ration between Department of Health and Human Services and the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration for expanding effective opioid use disorder treatment. (b) S
TATE FLEXIBILITY .—Section 303(g)(2) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraphs (I) and (J), and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) Notwithstanding section 708, nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to preempt any State law that— ‘‘(i) permits a qualifying practitioner to dis-pense narcotic drugs in schedule III, IV, or V, or combinations of such drugs, for maintenance or detoxification treatment in accordance with this paragraph to a total number of patients that is more than 30 or less than the total num-ber applicable to the qualifying practitioner under subparagraph (B)(iii)(II) if a State enacts a law modifying such total number and the At-torney General is notified by the State of such modification; or ‘‘(ii) requires a qualifying practitioner to com-ply with additional requirements relating to the dispensing of narcotic drugs in schedule III, IV, or V, or combinations of such drugs, including requirements relating to the practice setting in which the qualifying practitioner practices and education, training, and reporting require-ments.’’. (c) U
PDATE REGULATIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, as appropriate, shall update regulations regarding practitioners described in subsection (a)(3)(B)(vii) (as amend-ed by this section) to include nurse practitioners and physician assistants to ensure the quality of patient care and prevent diversion. TITLE IV—ADDRESSING COLLATERAL CONSEQUENCES 
SEC. 401. GAO REPORT ON RECOVERY AND COL-LATERAL CONSEQUENCES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) describes the collateral consequences for individuals with convictions for nonviolent drug-related offenses; (2) describes the effect of the collateral con-sequences described in paragraph (1) on individ-uals in resuming their personal and professional activities, especially, to the extent data are available, the effect on individuals who are par-ticipating in or have completed a recovery pro-gram for a substance use disorder; (3) discusses policy bases and justifications for imposing collateral consequences on individuals convicted of nonviolent drug-related offenses identified under paragraph (1); and (4) provides perspectives on the potential for mitigating the effect of the collateral con-sequences described in paragraph (1) on individ-uals who are participating in or have completed a recovery program, while also taking into ac-count the policy interests described in para-graph (3). (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘collateral consequence’’— (1) means a penalty, disability, or disadvan-tage imposed upon an individual as a result of a criminal conviction for a drug-related of-fense— (A) automatically by operation of law; or (B) by authorized action of an administrative agency or court on a case-by-case basis; and (2) does not include a direct consequence im-posed as part of the judgment of a court at sen-tencing, including a term of imprisonment or community supervision, or a fine. TITLE V—ADDICTION AND TREATMENT SERVICES FOR WOMEN, FAMILIES, AND VETERANS SEC. 501. IMPROVING TREATMENT FOR PREG-NANT AND POSTPARTUM WOMEN. 
(a) G ENERAL AMENDMENTS TO THE RESIDEN -
TIAL TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR PREGNANT AND  P
OSTPARTUM WOMEN .—Section 508 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–1) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(referred to in this section as the ‘Director’)’’ after ‘‘Substance Abuse Treat-ment’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘grants, cooperative agree-ment,’’ and inserting ‘‘grants, including the grants under subsection (r), cooperative agree-ments’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘for substance abuse’’ and in-serting ‘‘for substance use disorders’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or receive outpatient treatment services from’’ after ‘‘re-side in’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘and her children’’ before the period at the end; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘to the woman of the services’’ and inserting ‘‘of serv-ices for the woman and her children’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-stance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance use dis-orders’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘such abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘such a disorder’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘maternal substance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘a maternal substance use disorder’’; (B) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(4) Providing therapeutic, comprehensive child care for children during the periods in which the woman is engaged in therapy or in other necessary health and rehabilitative activi-ties.’’; (C) in paragraphs (9), (10), and (11), by strik-ing ‘‘women’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘woman’’; (D) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘units’’ and inserting ‘‘unit’’; and (E) in paragraph (11)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘their children’’ and inserting ‘‘any child of such woman’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) family reunification with children in kinship or foster care arrangements, where safe and appropriate.’’; (5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘substance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance use disorders’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-stance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance use dis-orders’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘(A) Subject’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B)(i) In the case’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) WAIVER OF PARTICIPATION AGREE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘(ii) A determination’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(ii) D
ONATIONS .—A determination’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘(C) With respect’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) N
ONAPPLICATION OF CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—With respect’’; (6) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking ‘‘who are engaging in sub-stance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘who have a sub-stance use disorder’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘such disorder’’; (7) in subsection (j)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘to on’’ and inserting ‘‘to or on’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Office for’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of’’; (8) by amending subsection (m) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(m) A
LLOCATION OF AWARDS .—In making awards under subsection (a), the Director shall give priority to an applicant that agrees to use the award for a program serving an area that is a rural area, an area designated under section 332 by the Secretary as a health professional shortage area, or an area determined by the Di-rector to have a shortage of family-based sub-stance use disorder treatment options.’’; and (9) in subsection (q)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘funding agreement under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘funding agreement’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘substance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘a substance use dis-order’’. (b) R
EAUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM .—Section 508 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–1), as amended by subsection (a), is fur-ther amended— (1) in subsection (p), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘(other than subsection (r))’’ after ‘‘section’’; and (2) in subsection (r), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2003’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$16,900,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (c) P
ILOT PROGRAM GRANTS FOR STATE SUB-
STANCE ABUSE AGENCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 508 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–1), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (r), as amend-ed by subsection (b), as subsection (s); and (B) by inserting after subsection (q) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(r) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR STATE SUBSTANCE  A
BUSE AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—From amounts made avail-able under subsection (s), the Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment shall carry out a pilot program under which competi-tive grants are made by the Director to State substance abuse agencies— ‘‘(A) to enhance flexibility in the use of funds designed to support family-based services for pregnant and postpartum women with a pri-mary diagnosis of a substance use disorder, in-cluding opioid use disorders; ‘‘(B) to help State substance abuse agencies address identified gaps in services furnished to such women along the continuum of care, in-cluding services provided to women in nonresi-dential-based settings; and ‘‘(C) to promote a coordinated, effective, and efficient State system managed by State sub-stance abuse agencies by encouraging new ap-proaches and models of service delivery. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the pilot program under this subsection, the Direc-tor shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4401 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(A) require State substance abuse agencies to submit to the Director applications, in such form and manner and containing such information as specified by the Director, to be eligible to receive a grant under the program; ‘‘(B) identify, based on such submitted appli-cations, State substance abuse agencies that are eligible for such grants; ‘‘(C) require services proposed to be furnished through such a grant to support family-based treatment and other services for pregnant and postpartum women with a primary diagnosis of a substance use disorder, including opioid use disorders; ‘‘(D) not require that services furnished through such a grant be provided solely to women that reside in facilities; ‘‘(E) not require that grant recipients under the program make available through use of the grant all the services described in subsection (d); and ‘‘(F) consider not applying the requirements described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (f) to an applicant, depending on the cir-cumstances of the applicant. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall specify a minimum set of services required to be made available to eligible women through a grant awarded under the pilot program under this subsection. Such minimum set of services— ‘‘(i) shall include the services requirements de-scribed in subsection (c) and be based on the recommendations submitted under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) may be selected from among the services described in subsection (d) and include other services as appropriate. ‘‘(B) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—The Director shall convene and solicit recommendations from stakeholders, including State substance abuse agencies, health care providers, persons in re-covery from substance abuse, and other appro-priate individuals, for the minimum set of serv-ices described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) D
URATION .—The pilot program under this subsection shall not exceed 5 years. ‘‘(5) E
VALUATION AND REPORT TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality shall evaluate the pilot program at the conclu-sion of the first grant cycle funded by the pilot program. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—The Director of the Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality, in co-ordination with the Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment shall submit to the relevant committees of jurisdiction of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the evaluation under subparagraph (A). The re-port shall include, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) outcomes information from the pilot pro-gram, including any resulting reductions in the use of alcohol and other drugs; ‘‘(ii) engagement in treatment services; ‘‘(iii) retention in the appropriate level and duration of services; ‘‘(iv) increased access to the use of medica-tions approved by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration for the treatment of substance use dis-orders in combination with counseling; and ‘‘(v) other appropriate measures. ‘‘(C) R
ECOMMENDATION .—The report under subparagraph (B) shall include a recommenda-tion by the Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment as to whether the pilot pro-gram under this subsection should be extended. ‘‘(6) S
TATE SUBSTANCE ABUSE AGENCIES DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘State substance abuse agency’ means, with respect to a State, the agency in such State that manages the Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment Block Grant under part B of title XIX.’’. (2) F
UNDING .—Subsection (s) of section 508 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb– 1), as amended by subsection (a) and redesig-nated by paragraph (1), is further amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘Of the amounts made available for a year pur-suant to the previous sentence to carry out this section, not more than 25 percent of such amounts shall be made available for such year to carry out subsection (r), other than para-graph (5) of such subsection. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, no funds shall be made available to carry out subsection (r) for a fiscal year unless the amount made available to carry out this section for such fiscal year is more than the amount made available to carry out this sec-tion for fiscal year 2016.’’. SEC. 502. VETERANS TREATMENT COURTS. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (j); and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A
SSISTING VETERANS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) P
EER-TO-PEER SERVICES OR PROGRAMS .— The term ‘peer-to-peer services or programs’ means services or programs that connect quali-fied veterans with other veterans for the pur-pose of providing support and mentorship to as-sist qualified veterans in obtaining treatment, recovery, stabilization, or rehabilitation. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED VETERAN .—The term ‘quali-fied veteran’ means a preliminarily qualified of-fender who— ‘‘(i) served on active duty in any branch of the Armed Forces, including the National Guard or Reserves; and ‘‘(ii) was discharged or released from such service under conditions other than dishonor-able, unless the reason for the dishonorable dis-charge was attributable to a substance abuse disorder. ‘‘(C) V
ETERANS TREATMENT COURT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘veterans treatment court pro-gram’ means a court program involving collabo-ration among criminal justice, veterans, and mental health and substance abuse agencies that provides qualified veterans with— ‘‘(i) intensive judicial supervision and case management, which may include random and frequent drug testing where appropriate; ‘‘(ii) a full continuum of treatment services, including mental health services, substance abuse services, medical services, and services to address trauma; ‘‘(iii) alternatives to incarceration; or ‘‘(iv) other appropriate services, including housing, transportation, mentoring, employ-ment, job training, education, or assistance in applying for and obtaining available benefits. ‘‘(2) V
ETERANS ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, may award grants under this subsection to applicants to establish or expand— ‘‘(i) veterans treatment court programs; ‘‘(ii) peer-to-peer services or programs for qualified veterans; ‘‘(iii) practices that identify and provide treat-ment, rehabilitation, legal, transitional, and other appropriate services to qualified veterans who have been incarcerated; or ‘‘(iv) training programs to teach criminal jus-tice, law enforcement, corrections, mental health, and substance abuse personnel how to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving qualified veterans. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Attorney General shall give priority to applications that— ‘‘(i) demonstrate collaboration between and joint investments by criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, and veterans service agencies; ‘‘(ii) promote effective strategies to identify and reduce the risk of harm to qualified vet-erans and public safety; and ‘‘(iii) propose interventions with empirical support to improve outcomes for qualified vet-erans.’’. SEC. 503. INFANT PLAN OF SAFE CARE. 
(a) B ESTPRACTICES FOR DEVELOPMENT OF  P
LANS OF SAFE CARE.—Section 103(b) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5104(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (6) through (9), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) maintain and disseminate information about the requirements of section 106(b)(2)(B)(iii) and best practices relating to the development of plans of safe care as de-scribed in such section for infants born and identified as being affected by substance abuse or withdrawal symptoms, or a Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder;’’. (b) S
TATE PLANS.—Section 106(b)(2)(B) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a(b)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘illegal substance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance abuse’’; and (2) in clause (iii)— (A) by striking ‘‘illegal substance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance abuse’’; and (B) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘to ensure the safety and well-being of such infant following release from the care of health care providers, including through— ‘‘(I) addressing the health and substance use disorder treatment needs of the infant and af-fected family or caregiver; and ‘‘(II) the development and implementation by the State of monitoring systems regarding the implementation of such plans to determine whether and in what manner local entities are providing, in accordance with State require-ments, referrals to and delivery of appropriate services for the infant and affected family or caregiver’’. (c) D
ATAREPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 106(d) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a(d)) is amended by adding at the end of the following: ‘‘(17) The number of infants— ‘‘(A) identified under subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii); ‘‘(B) for whom a plan of safe care was devel-oped under subsection (b)(2)(B)(iii); and ‘‘(C) for whom a referral was made for appro-priate services, including services for the af-fected family or caregiver, under subsection (b)(2)(B)(iii).’’. (2) R
EDESIGNATION .—Effective on May 29, 2017, section 106(d) of the Child Abuse Preven-tion and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a(d)) is amended by redesignating paragraph (17) (as added by paragraph (1)) as paragraph (18). (d) M
ONITORING AND OVERSIGHT .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Title I of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 114. MONITORING AND OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘The Secretary shall conduct monitoring to ensure that each State that receives a grant under section 106 is in compliance with the re-quirements of section 106(b), which— ‘‘(1) shall— ‘‘(A) be in addition to the review of the State plan upon its submission under section 106(b)(1)(A); and ‘‘(B) include monitoring of State policies and procedures required under clauses (ii) and (iii) of section 106(b)(2)(B); and ‘‘(2) may include— ‘‘(A) a comparison of activities carried out by the State to comply with the requirements of section 106(b) with the State plan most recently approved under section 432 of the Social Secu-rity Act; ‘‘(B) a review of information available on the website of the State relating to its compliance with the requirements of section 106(b); ‘‘(C) site visits, as may be necessary to carry out such monitoring; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4402 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(D) a review of information available in the State’s Annual Progress and Services Report most recently submitted under section 1357.16 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations).’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Child Abuse Preven-tion and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 113, the following: ‘‘Sec. 114. Monitoring and oversight.’’. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this sec-tion, shall be construed to authorize the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services or any other officer of the Federal Government to add new requirements to section 106(b) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a(b)), as amended by this section. 
SEC. 504. GAO REPORT ON NEONATAL ABSTI-NENCE SYNDROME (NAS). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a re-port on neonatal abstinence syndrome (in this section referred to as ‘‘NAS’’) in the United States. (b) I
NFORMATION TOBEINCLUDED IN RE-
PORT.—Such report shall include information on the following: (1) The prevalence of NAS in the United States, including the proportion of children born in the United States with NAS who are eligible for medical assistance under State Medicaid programs under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) at birth, and the costs associated with coverage under such pro-grams for treatment of infants with NAS. (2) The services for which coverage is avail-able under State Medicaid programs for treat-ment of infants with NAS. (3) The settings (including inpatient, out-patient, hospital-based, and other settings) for the treatment of infants with NAS and the reim-bursement methodologies and costs associated with such treatment in such settings. (4) The prevalence of utilization of various care settings under State Medicaid programs for treatment of infants with NAS and any Federal barriers to treating such infants under such pro-grams, particularly in non-hospital-based set-tings. (5) What is known about best practices for treating infants with NAS. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Such report also shall include such recommendations as the Comptroller General determines appropriate for improvements that will ensure access to treat-ment for infants with NAS under State Medicaid programs. TITLE VI—INCENTIVIZING STATE COM-PREHENSIVE INITIATIVES TO ADDRESS PRESCRIPTION OPIOID ABUSE 
SEC. 601. STATE DEMONSTRATION GRANTS FOR COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE RE-SPONSE. 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.), as amended by sec-tion 302, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 548. STATE DEMONSTRATION GRANTS FOR COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE RE-SPONSE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
ISPENSER .—The term ‘dispenser’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802). ‘‘(2) P
RESCRIBER .—The term ‘prescriber’ means a dispenser who prescribes a controlled substance, or the agent of such a dispenser. ‘‘(3) P
RESCRIBER OF A SCHEDULE II , III, OR IV  
CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE .—The term ‘prescriber of a schedule II, III, or IV controlled substance’ does not include a prescriber of a schedule II, III, or IV controlled substance that dispenses the substance— ‘‘(A) for use on the premises on which the sub-stance is dispensed; ‘‘(B) in a hospital emergency room, when the substance is in short supply; ‘‘(C) for a certified opioid treatment program; or ‘‘(D) in other situations as the Secretary may reasonably determine. ‘‘(4) SCHEDULE II , III, OR IV CONTROLLED SUB -
STANCE .—The term ‘schedule II, III, or IV con-trolled substance’ means a controlled substance that is listed on schedule II, schedule III, or schedule IV of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act. ‘‘(b) G
RANTS FOR COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID  A
BUSE RESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants to States, and combinations of States, to implement an integrated opioid abuse response initiative. ‘‘(2) P
URPOSES .—A State receiving a grant under this section shall establish a comprehen-sive response plan to opioid abuse, which may include— ‘‘(A) education efforts around opioid use, treatment, and addiction recovery, including education of residents, medical students, and physicians and other prescribers of schedule II, III, or IV controlled substances on relevant pre-scribing guidelines, the prescription drug moni-toring program of the State described in sub-paragraph (B), and overdose prevention meth-ods; ‘‘(B) establishing, maintaining, or improving a comprehensive prescription drug monitoring pro-gram to track dispensing of schedule II, III, or IV controlled substances, which may— ‘‘(i) provide for data sharing with other States; and ‘‘(ii) allow all individuals authorized by the State to write prescriptions for schedule II, III, or IV controlled substances to access the pre-scription drug monitoring program of the State; ‘‘(C) developing, implementing, or expanding prescription drug and opioid addiction treat-ment programs by— ‘‘(i) expanding the availability of treatment for prescription drug and opioid addiction, in-cluding medication-assisted treatment and be-havioral health therapy, as appropriate; ‘‘(ii) developing, implementing, or expanding screening for individuals in treatment for pre-scription drug and opioid addiction for hepatitis C and HIV, and treating or referring those indi-viduals if clinically appropriate; or ‘‘(iii) developing, implementing, or expanding recovery support services and programs at high schools or institutions of higher education; ‘‘(D) developing, implementing, and expand-ing efforts to prevent overdose death from opioid abuse or addiction to prescription medications and opioids; and ‘‘(E) advancing the education and awareness of the public, providers, patients, consumers, and other appropriate entities regarding the dangers of opioid abuse, safe disposal of pre-scription medications, and detection of early warning signs of opioid use disorders. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .—A State seeking a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form, and containing such information, as the Secretary may reason-ably require. ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A State that receives a grant under this section shall use the grant for the cost, including the cost for technical assist-ance, training, and administration expenses, of carrying out an integrated opioid abuse re-sponse initiative as outlined by the State’s com-prehensive response plan to opioid abuse estab-lished under paragraph (2). ‘‘(5) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATIONS .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall, as appropriate, give priority to a State that— ‘‘(A)(i) provides civil liability protection for first responders, health professionals, and fam-ily members who have received appropriate training in administering a drug or device ap-proved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose; and ‘‘(ii) submits to the Secretary a certification by the attorney general of the State that the at-torney general has— ‘‘(I) reviewed any applicable civil liability protection law to determine the applicability of the law with respect to first responders, health care professionals, family members, and other individuals who— ‘‘(aa) have received appropriate training in administering a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose; and ‘‘(bb) may administer a drug or device ap-proved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose; and ‘‘(II) concluded that the law described in sub-clause (I) provides adequate civil liability pro-tection applicable to such persons; ‘‘(B) has a process for enrollment in services and benefits necessary by criminal justice agen-cies to initiate or continue treatment in the com-munity, under which an individual who is in-carcerated may, while incarcerated, enroll in services and benefits that are necessary for the individual to continue treatment upon release from incarceration; ‘‘(C) ensures the capability of data sharing with other States, where applicable, such as by making data available to a prescription moni-toring hub; ‘‘(D) ensures that data recorded in the pre-scription drug monitoring program database of the State are regularly updated, to the extent possible; ‘‘(E) ensures that the prescription drug moni-toring program of the State notifies prescribers and dispensers of schedule II, III, or IV con-trolled substances when overuse or misuse of such controlled substances by patients is sus-pected; and ‘‘(F) has in effect one or more statutes or im-plements policies that maximize use of prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs by individuals authorized by the State to prescribe schedule II, III, or IV controlled substances. ‘‘(6) EVALUATION .—In conducting an evalua-tion of the program under this section pursuant to section 701 of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016, with respect to a State, the Secretary shall report on State legisla-tion or policies related to maximizing the use of prescription drug monitoring programs and the incidence of opioid use disorders and overdose deaths in such State. ‘‘(7) S
TATES WITH LOCAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG  
MONITORING PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that does not have a prescription drug monitoring program, a county or other unit of local govern-ment within the State that has a prescription drug monitoring program shall be treated as a State for purposes of this section, including for purposes of eligibility for grants under para-graph (1). ‘‘(B) P
LAN FOR INTEROPERABILITY .—In sub- mitting an application to the Secretary under paragraph (3), a county or other unit of local government shall submit a plan outlining the methods such county or unit of local govern-ment shall use to ensure the capability of data sharing with other counties and units of local government within the state and with other States, as applicable. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDING .—For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 701. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY AND EVALUA-TIONS. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE GRANT ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .—Part LL of title I of the Omnibus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4403 July 6, 2016 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.), as added by section 201, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3026. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF APPLICABLE COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘applicable com-mittees’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded by the Attorney General under this part shall be subject to the following accountability provi-sions: ‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a finding in the final audit report of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Justice that the au-dited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallow-able cost that is not closed or resolved within 12 months after the date on which the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(B) A
UDIT.—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this section, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants awarded by the Attorney General under this part to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. ‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this part that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this part during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12-month period described in sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this part, the Attorney General shall give pri-ority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this part. ‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-ed grant funds under this part during the 2-fis-cal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subpara-graph (C), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repayment to the fund from the grant recipient that was er-roneously awarded grant funds. ‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-graph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an or-ganization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is ex-empt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—A nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may not— ‘‘(i) be party to a contract entered into under section 3021(b); or ‘‘(ii) receive a subaward under section 3021(b). ‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that receives a subaward or is party to a contract entered into under section 3021(b) and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presumption of reasonable-ness for the compensation of its officers, direc-tors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose, in the application for such contract or subaward, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent per-sons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the comparability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subparagraph available for public in-spection. ‘‘(3) CONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-able to the Attorney General under this part may be used by the Attorney General, or by any State, unit of local government, or entity award-ed a grant, subaward, or contract under this part, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made available by the Attorney General, unless the head of the relevant agency, bureau, or pro-gram office provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host or sup-port the conference. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN AUTHORIZATION .—Written au-thorization under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, hono-raria for speakers, and entertainment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit to the applicable committees an an-nual report on all conference expenditures ap-proved by the Attorney General under this para-graph. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the Attorney General shall submit to the applicable committees an an-nual certification— ‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Inspector General of the Department of Justice under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the ap-propriate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; ‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and ‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under para-graph (1)(E) have been made; and ‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant recipi-ents excluded under paragraph (1) from the pre-vious year. ‘‘(c) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney Gen-eral awards a grant to an applicant under this part, the Attorney General shall compare poten-tial grant awards with other grants awarded under this part by the Attorney General to de-termine if duplicate grant awards are awarded for the same purpose. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards duplicate grants under this part to the same ap-plicant for the same purpose, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the applicable committees a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded under this part, including the total dollar amount of any duplicate grants awarded; and ‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General award-ed the duplicate grants.’’. (b) E
VALUATION OF PERFORMANCE OF DEPART -
MENT OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS .— (1) E
VALUATION OF JUSTICE DEPARTMENT COM -
PREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE GRANT PROGRAM .— Not later than 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General shall complete an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program under part LL of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by section 201, administered by the Department of Justice based upon the information reported under paragraph (4). (2) I
NTERIM EVALUATION .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall complete an interim evaluation assessing the nature and extent of the incidence of opioid abuse and illegal opioid distribution in the United States. (3) M
ETRICS AND OUTCOMES FOR EVALUA -
TION.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall identify outcomes that are to be achieved by activities funded by the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program and the metrics by which the achievement of such outcomes shall be determined. (4) METRICS DATA COLLECTION .—The Attorney General shall require grantees under the Com-prehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program (and those receiving subawards under section 3021(b) of part LL of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by section 201) to collect and annually report to the Department of Justice data based upon the metrics identified under paragraph (3). (5) P
UBLICATION OF DATA AND FINDINGS .— (A) P
UBLICATION OF OUTCOMES AND  
METRICS .—The Attorney General shall, not later than 30 days after completion of the requirement under paragraph (3), publish the outcomes and metrics identified under that paragraph. (B) P
UBLICATION OF EVALUATION .—In the case of the interim evaluation under paragraph (2), and the final evaluation under paragraph (1), the entity conducting the evaluation shall, not later than 90 days after such an evaluation is completed, publish the results of such evalua-tion and issue a report on such evaluation to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the Senate. Such report shall also be published along with the data used to make such evaluation. (6) I
NDEPENDENT EVALUATION .—For purposes of paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), the Attorney General shall— (A) enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Academy of Sciences; or (B) enter into a contract or cooperative agree-ment with an entity that is not an agency of the Federal Government, and is qualified to conduct and evaluate research pertaining to opioid use and abuse, and draw conclusions about overall opioid use and abuse on the basis of that re-search. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN  S
ERVICES GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
PPLICABLE COMMITTEES .—The term ‘‘ap-plicable committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. (B) C
OVERED GRANT .—The term ‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant awarded by the Secretary under a program established under this Act (or an amendment made by this Act, other than sec-tions 703 through 707), including any grant ad-ministered by the Administrator of the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Services Ad-ministration under section 103. (C) G
RANTEE .—The term ‘‘grantee’’ means the recipient of a covered grant. (D) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (2) A
CCOUNTABILITY MEASURES .—Each covered grant shall be subject to the following account-ability requirements: (A) E
FFECTIVENESS REPORT .—The Secretary shall require grantees to report on the effective-ness of the activities carried out with amounts made available to carry out the program under which the covered grant is awarded, including the number of persons served by such grant, if applicable, the number of persons seeking serv-ices who could not be served by such grant, and such other information as the Secretary may prescribe. (B) R
EPORT ON PREVENTION OF FRAUD , WASTE , 
AND ABUSE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, in coordination with the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Health and Human Services, shall submit to the applicable commit-tees a report on the policies and procedures the Department has in place to prevent waste, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4404 July 6, 2016 
fraud, and abuse in the administration of cov-ered grants. (ii) C
ONTENTS .—The policies and procedures referred to in clause (i) shall include policies and procedures that are designed to— (I) prevent grantees from utilizing funds awarded through a covered grant for unauthor-ized expenditures or otherwise unallowable costs; and (II) ensure grantees will not receive unwar-ranted duplicate grants for the same purpose. (C) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—No amounts made available to the Secretary under this Act (or in a provi-sion of law amended by this Act, other than sec-tions 703 through 707) may be used by the Sec-retary, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under a program established under this Act (or in a provision of law amended by this Act), to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made available by the Secretary, unless the head of the relevant operating division or pro-gram office provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host or sup-port the conference. Such written authorization shall include a written estimate of all costs asso-ciated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. (ii) R
EPORT .—The Secretary (or the Sec-retary’s designee) shall submit to the applicable committees an annual report on all conference expenditures approved by the Secretary under this subparagraph. (d) E
VALUATION OF PERFORMANCE OF DEPART -
MENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) E
VALUATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, except as oth-erwise provided in this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall complete an evaluation of any program administered by the Secretary included in this Act (or an amend-ment made by this Act, excluding sections 703 through 707), including any grant administered by the Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration under section 103, that provides grants for the primary purpose of providing assistance in ad-dressing problems pertaining to opioid abuse based upon the outcomes and metrics identified under paragraph (2). (B) P
UBLICATION .—With respect to each eval-uation completed under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after the date on which such evaluation is completed, publish the results of such evaluation and issue a report on such evaluation to the appropriate committees. Such report shall also be published along with the data used to make such evalua-tion. (2) M
ETRICS AND OUTCOMES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall identify— (i) outcomes that are to be achieved by activi-ties funded by the programs described in para-graph (1)(A); and (ii) the metrics by which the achievement of such outcomes shall be determined. (B) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall, not later than 30 days after completion of the re-quirement under subparagraph (A), publish the outcomes and metrics identified under such sub-paragraph. (3) M
ETRICS DATA COLLECTION .—The Sec- retary shall require grantees under the programs described in paragraph (1)(A) to collect, and an-nually report to the Secretary, data based upon the metrics identified under paragraph (2)(A). (4) I
NDEPENDENT EVALUATION .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Academy of Sciences; or (B) enter into a contract or cooperative agree-ment with an entity that— (i) is not an agency of the Federal Govern-ment; and (ii) is qualified to conduct and evaluate re-search pertaining to opioid use and abuse and draw conclusions about overall opioid use and abuse on the basis of that research. (5) EXCEPTION .—If a program described in paragraph (1)(A) is subject to an evaluation similar to the evaluation required under such paragraph pursuant to another provision of Federal law, the Secretary may opt not to con-duct an evaluation under such paragraph with respect to such program. (e) A
DDITIONAL REPORT .—In the case of a re-port submitted under subsection (c) to the appli-cable committees, if such report pertains to a grant under section 103, that report shall also be submitted, in the same manner and at the same time, to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representatives and to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. (f) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this section. 
SEC. 702. PARTIAL FILLS OF SCHEDULE II CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 309 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 829) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
ARTIAL FILLS OF SCHEDULE II C ON-
TROLLED SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(1) P
ARTIAL FILLS .—A prescription for a con-trolled substance in schedule II may be partially filled if— ‘‘(A) it is not prohibited by State law; ‘‘(B) the prescription is written and filled in accordance with this title, regulations pre-scribed by the Attorney General, and State law; ‘‘(C) the partial fill is requested by the patient or the practitioner that wrote the prescription; and ‘‘(D) the total quantity dispensed in all par-tial fillings does not exceed the total quantity prescribed. ‘‘(2) R
EMAINING PORTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), remaining portions of a partially filled prescription for a controlled substance in schedule II— ‘‘(i) may be filled; and ‘‘(ii) shall be filled not later than 30 days after the date on which the prescription is written. ‘‘(B) E
MERGENCY SITUATIONS .—In emergency situations, as described in subsection (a), the re-maining portions of a partially filled prescrip-tion for a controlled substance in schedule II— ‘‘(i) may be filled; and ‘‘(ii) shall be filled not later than 72 hours after the prescription is issued. ‘‘(3) C
URRENTLY LAWFUL PARTIAL FILLS .—Not- withstanding paragraph (1) or (2), in any cir-cumstance in which, as of the day before the date of enactment of this subsection, a prescrip-tion for a controlled substance in schedule II may be lawfully partially filled, the Attorney General may allow such a prescription to be partially filled.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the authority of the Attorney General to allow a prescription for a controlled substance in schedule III, IV, or V of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)) to be partially filled. 
SEC. 703. GOOD SAMARITAN ASSESSMENT. 
(a) F INDING .—The Congress finds that the ex-ecutive branch, including the Office of National Drug Control Policy, has a policy focus on pre-venting and addressing prescription drug misuse and heroin use, and has worked with States and municipalities to enact Good Samaritan laws that would protect caregivers, law enforcement personnel, and first responders who administer opioid overdose reversal drugs or devices. (b) GAO S
TUDY ON GOOD SAMARITAN LAWS P
ERTAINING TO TREATMENT OF OPIOID  OVERDOSES .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report on— (1) the extent to which the Director of Na-tional Drug Control Policy has reviewed Good Samaritan laws, and any findings from such a review, including findings related to the poten-tial effects of such laws, if available; (2) efforts by the Director to encourage the en-actment of Good Samaritan laws; and (3) a compilation of Good Samaritan laws in effect in the States, the territories, and the Dis-trict of Columbia. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Good Samaritan law’’ means a law of a State or unit of local government that exempts from criminal or civil liability any indi-vidual who administers an opioid overdose re-versal drug or device, or who contacts emer-gency services providers in response to an over-dose; and (2) the term ‘‘opioid’’ means any drug, includ-ing heroin, having an addiction-forming or ad-diction-sustaining liability similar to morphine or being capable of conversion into a drug hav-ing such addiction-forming or addiction-sus-taining liability. 
SEC. 704. PROGRAMS TO PREVENT PRESCRIPTION DRUG ABUSE UNDER MEDICARE PARTS C AND D. 
(a) D RUG MANAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR AT- R
ISKBENEFICIARIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1860D–4(c) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–10(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
RUG MANAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR AT - 
RISK BENEFICIARIES .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORITY TO ESTABLISH .—A PDP spon-sor may establish a drug management program for at-risk beneficiaries under which, subject to subparagraph (B), the PDP sponsor may, in the case of an at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse who is an enrollee in a prescription drug plan of such PDP sponsor, limit such bene-ficiary’s access to coverage for frequently abused drugs under such plan to frequently abused drugs that are prescribed for such bene-ficiary by one or more prescribers selected under subparagraph (D), and dispensed for such bene-ficiary by one or more pharmacies selected under such subparagraph. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT FOR NOTICES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A PDP sponsor may not limit the access of an at-risk beneficiary for pre-scription drug abuse to coverage for frequently abused drugs under a prescription drug plan until such sponsor— ‘‘(I) provides to the beneficiary an initial no-tice described in clause (ii) and a second notice described in clause (iii); and ‘‘(II) verifies with the providers of the bene-ficiary that the beneficiary is an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse. ‘‘(ii) I
NITIAL NOTICE .—An initial notice de-scribed in this clause is a notice that provides to the beneficiary— ‘‘(I) notice that the PDP sponsor has identi-fied the beneficiary as potentially being an at- risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse; ‘‘(II) information describing all State and Federal public health resources that are de-signed to address prescription drug abuse to which the beneficiary has access, including mental health services and other counseling services; ‘‘(III) notice of, and information about, the right of the beneficiary to appeal such identi-fication under subsection (h) and the option of an automatic escalation to external review; ‘‘(IV) a request for the beneficiary to submit to the PDP sponsor preferences for which pre-scribers and pharmacies the beneficiary would prefer the PDP sponsor to select under subpara-graph (D) in the case that the beneficiary is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4405 July 6, 2016 
identified as an at-risk beneficiary for prescrip-tion drug abuse as described in clause (iii)(I); ‘‘(V) an explanation of the meaning and con-sequences of the identification of the beneficiary as potentially being an at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse, including an expla-nation of the drug management program estab-lished by the PDP sponsor pursuant to subpara-graph (A); ‘‘(VI) clear instructions that explain how the beneficiary can contact the PDP sponsor in order to submit to the PDP sponsor the pref-erences described in subclause (IV) and any other communications relating to the drug man-agement program for at-risk beneficiaries estab-lished by the PDP sponsor; and ‘‘(VII) contact information for other organiza-tions that can provide the beneficiary with as-sistance regarding such drug management pro-gram (similar to the information provided by the Secretary in other standardized notices provided to part D eligible individuals enrolled in pre-scription drug plans under this part). ‘‘(iii) S
ECOND NOTICE .—A second notice de-scribed in this clause is a notice that provides to the beneficiary notice— ‘‘(I) that the PDP sponsor has identified the beneficiary as an at-risk beneficiary for pre-scription drug abuse; ‘‘(II) that such beneficiary is subject to the re-quirements of the drug management program for at-risk beneficiaries established by such PDP sponsor for such plan; ‘‘(III) of the prescriber (or prescribers) and pharmacy (or pharmacies) selected for such in-dividual under subparagraph (D); ‘‘(IV) of, and information about, the bene-ficiary’s right to appeal such identification under subsection (h) and the option of an auto-matic escalation to external review; ‘‘(V) that the beneficiary can, in the case that the beneficiary has not previously submitted to the PDP sponsor preferences for which pre-scribers and pharmacies the beneficiary would prefer the PDP sponsor select under subpara-graph (D), submit such preferences to the PDP sponsor; and ‘‘(VI) that includes clear instructions that ex-plain how the beneficiary can contact the PDP sponsor. ‘‘(iv) T
IMING OF NOTICES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), a second notice described in clause (iii) shall be provided to the beneficiary on a date that is not less than 30 days after an initial notice de-scribed in clause (ii) is provided to the bene-ficiary. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—In the case that the PDP sponsor, in conjunction with the Secretary, de-termines that concerns identified through rule-making by the Secretary regarding the health or safety of the beneficiary or regarding significant drug diversion activities require the PDP spon-sor to provide a second notice described in clause (iii) to the beneficiary on a date that is earlier than the date described in subclause (I), the PDP sponsor may provide such second no-tice on such earlier date. ‘‘(C) A
T-RISK BENEFICIARY FOR PRESCRIPTION  
DRUG ABUSE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘at-risk beneficiary for prescrip-tion drug abuse’ means a part D eligible indi-vidual who is not an exempted individual de-scribed in clause (ii) and— ‘‘(I) who is identified as such an at-risk bene-ficiary through the use of clinical guidelines that indicate misuse or abuse of prescription drugs described in subparagraph (G) and that are developed by the Secretary in consultation with PDP sponsors and other stakeholders, in-cluding individuals entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under part B, advocacy groups representing such individuals, physi-cians, pharmacists, and other clinicians, retail pharmacies, plan sponsors, entities delegated by plan sponsors, and biopharmaceutical manufac-turers; or ‘‘(II) with respect to whom the PDP sponsor of a prescription drug plan, upon enrolling such individual in such plan, received notice from the Secretary that such individual was identified under this paragraph to be an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse under the prescription drug plan in which such individual was most recently previously enrolled and such identification has not been terminated under subparagraph (F). ‘‘(ii) EXEMPTED INDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An exempted individual described in this clause is an individual who— ‘‘(I) receives hospice care under this title; ‘‘(II) is a resident of a long-term care facility, of a facility described in section 1905(d), or of another facility for which frequently abused drugs are dispensed for residents through a con-tract with a single pharmacy; or ‘‘(III) the Secretary elects to treat as an ex-empted individual for purposes of clause (i). ‘‘(iii) P
ROGRAM SIZE .—The Secretary shall es-tablish policies, including the guidelines devel-oped under clause (i)(I) and the exemptions under clause (ii)(III), to ensure that the popu-lation of enrollees in a drug management pro-gram for at-risk beneficiaries operated by a pre-scription drug plan can be effectively managed by such plans. ‘‘(iv) C
LINICAL CONTACT .—With respect to each at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse enrolled in a prescription drug plan of-fered by a PDP sponsor, the PDP sponsor shall contact the beneficiary’s providers who have prescribed frequently abused drugs regarding whether prescribed medications are appropriate for such beneficiary’s medical conditions. ‘‘(D) S
ELECTION OF PRESCRIBERS AND PHAR -
MACIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to each at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse enrolled in a prescription drug plan offered by such sponsor, a PDP sponsor shall, based on the pref-erences submitted to the PDP sponsor by the beneficiary pursuant to clauses (ii)(IV) and (iii)(V) of subparagraph (B) (except as otherwise provided in this subparagraph) select— ‘‘(I) one, or, if the PDP sponsor reasonably determines it necessary to provide the bene-ficiary with reasonable access under clause (ii), more than one, individual who is authorized to prescribe frequently abused drugs (referred to in this paragraph as a ‘prescriber’) who may write prescriptions for such drugs for such bene-ficiary; and ‘‘(II) one, or, if the PDP sponsor reasonably determines it necessary to provide the bene-ficiary with reasonable access under clause (ii), more than one, pharmacy that may dispense such drugs to such beneficiary. For purposes of subclause (II), in the case of a pharmacy that has multiple locations that share real-time electronic data, all such locations of the pharmacy shall collectively be treated as one pharmacy. ‘‘(ii) R
EASONABLE ACCESS .—In making the se-lections under this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) a PDP sponsor shall ensure that the ben-eficiary continues to have reasonable access to frequently abused drugs (as defined in subpara-graph (G)), taking into account geographic lo-cation, beneficiary preference, impact on costsharing, and reasonable travel time; and ‘‘(II) a PDP sponsor shall ensure such access (including access to prescribers and pharmacies with respect to frequently abused drugs) in the case of individuals with multiple residences, in the case of natural disasters and similar situa-tions, and in the case of the provision of emer-gency services. ‘‘(iii) B
ENEFICIARY PREFERENCES .—If an at- risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse sub-mits preferences for which in-network pre-scribers and pharmacies the beneficiary would prefer the PDP sponsor select in response to a notice under subparagraph (B), the PDP spon-sor shall— ‘‘(I) review such preferences; ‘‘(II) select or change the selection of pre-scribers and pharmacies for the beneficiary based on such preferences; and ‘‘(III) inform the beneficiary of such selection or change of selection. ‘‘(iv) EXCEPTION REGARDING BENEFICIARY  
PREFERENCES .—In the case that the PDP spon-sor determines that a change to the selection of prescriber or pharmacy under clause (iii)(II) by the PDP sponsor is contributing or would con-tribute to prescription drug abuse or drug diver-sion by the beneficiary, the PDP sponsor may change the selection of prescriber or pharmacy for the beneficiary without regard to the pref-erences of the beneficiary described in clause (iii). If the PDP sponsor changes the selection pursuant to the preceding sentence, the PDP sponsor shall provide the beneficiary with— ‘‘(I) at least 30 days written notice of the change of selection; and ‘‘(II) a rationale for the change. ‘‘(v) C
ONFIRMATION .—Before selecting a pre-scriber or pharmacy under this subparagraph, a PDP sponsor must notify the prescriber and pharmacy that the beneficiary involved has been identified for inclusion in the drug man-agement program for at-risk beneficiaries and that the prescriber and pharmacy has been se-lected as the beneficiary’s designated prescriber and pharmacy. ‘‘(E) T
ERMINATIONS AND APPEALS .—The iden- tification of an individual as an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse under this paragraph, a coverage determination made under a drug management program for at-risk beneficiaries, the selection of prescriber or phar-macy under subparagraph (D), and information to be shared under subparagraph (I), with re-spect to such individual, shall be subject to re-consideration and appeal under subsection (h) and the option of an automatic escalation to ex-ternal review to the extent provided by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(F) T
ERMINATION OF IDENTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop standards for the termination of identification of an individual as an at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse under this paragraph. Under such standards such identification shall terminate as of the earlier of— ‘‘(I) the date the individual demonstrates that the individual is no longer likely, in the absence of the restrictions under this paragraph, to be an at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse described in subparagraph (C)(i); and ‘‘(II) the end of such maximum period of iden-tification as the Secretary may specify. ‘‘(ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in clause (i) shall be construed as preventing a plan from identifying an individual as an at- risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse under subparagraph (C)(i) after such termi-nation on the basis of additional information on drug use occurring after the date of notice of such termination. ‘‘(G) F
REQUENTLY ABUSED DRUG .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘frequently abused drug’ means a drug that is a controlled substance that the Secretary determines to be frequently abused or diverted. ‘‘(H) D
ATA DISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(i) D
ATA ON DECISION TO IMPOSE LIMITA -
TION.—In the case of an at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse (or an individual who is a potentially at-risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse) whose access to coverage for fre-quently abused drugs under a prescription drug plan has been limited by a PDP sponsor under this paragraph, the Secretary shall establish rules and procedures to require the PDP sponsor to disclose data, including any necessary indi-vidually identifiable health information, in a form and manner specified by the Secretary, about the decision to impose such limitations and the limitations imposed by the sponsor under this part. ‘‘(ii) D
ATA TO REDUCE FRAUD , ABUSE , AND 
WASTE .—The Secretary shall establish rules and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4406 July 6, 2016 
procedures to require PDP sponsors operating a drug management program for at-risk bene-ficiaries under this paragraph to provide the Secretary with such data as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate for purposes of identifying patterns of prescription drug utilization for plan enrollees that are outside normal patterns and that may indicate fraudulent, medically unnec-essary, or unsafe use. ‘‘(I) S
HARING OF INFORMATION FOR SUBSE -
QUENT PLAN ENROLLMENTS .—The Secretary shall establish procedures under which PDP sponsors who offer prescription drug plans shall share in-formation with respect to individuals who are at-risk beneficiaries for prescription drug abuse (or individuals who are potentially at-risk bene-ficiaries for prescription drug abuse) and en-rolled in a prescription drug plan and who sub-sequently disenroll from such plan and enroll in another prescription drug plan offered by an-other PDP sponsor. ‘‘(J) P
RIVACY ISSUES .—Prior to the implemen-tation of the rules and procedures under this paragraph, the Secretary shall clarify privacy requirements, including requirements under the regulations promulgated pursuant to section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note), related to the sharing of data under sub-paragraphs (H) and (I) by PDP sponsors. Such clarification shall provide that the sharing of such data shall be considered to be protected health information in accordance with the re-quirements of the regulations promulgated pur-suant to such section 264(c). ‘‘(K) E
DUCATION .—The Secretary shall provide education to enrollees in prescription drug plans of PDP sponsors and providers regarding the drug management program for at-risk bene-ficiaries described in this paragraph, including education— ‘‘(i) provided by Medicare administrative con-tractors through the improper payment outreach and education program described in section 1874A(h); and ‘‘(ii) through current education efforts (such as State health insurance assistance programs described in subsection (a)(1)(A) of section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 1395b–3 note)) and materials directed toward such enrollees. ‘‘(L) A
PPLICATION UNDER MA –PD PLANS .—Pur- suant to section 1860D–21(c)(1), the provisions of this paragraph apply under part D to MA orga-nizations offering MA–PD plans to MA eligible individuals in the same manner as such provi-sions apply under this part to a PDP sponsor of-fering a prescription drug plan to a part D eligi-ble individual. ‘‘(M) CMS 
COMPLIANCE REVIEW .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that existing plan sponsor compliance reviews and audit processes include the drug management programs for at-risk bene-ficiaries under this paragraph, including ap-peals processes under such programs.’’. (2) I
NFORMATION FOR CONSUMERS .—Section 1860D–4(a)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(a)(1)(B)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(v) The drug management program for at- risk beneficiaries under subsection (c)(5).’’. (3) D
UAL ELIGIBLES .—Section 1860D–1(b)(3)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 101(b)(3)(D)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, subject to such limits as the Secretary may establish for individuals identified pursuant to section 1860D–4(c)(5)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary’’. (b) U
TILIZATION MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS .— Section 1860D–4(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)), as amended by subsection (a)(1), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after sub-paragraph (D) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) A utilization management tool to prevent drug abuse (as described in paragraph (6)(A)).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) UTILIZATION MANAGEMENT TOOL TO PRE -
VENT DRUG ABUSE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A tool described in this paragraph is any of the following: ‘‘(i) A utilization tool designed to prevent the abuse of frequently abused drugs by individuals and to prevent the diversion of such drugs at pharmacies. ‘‘(ii) Retrospective utilization review to iden-tify— ‘‘(I) individuals that receive frequently abused drugs at a frequency or in amounts that are not clinically appropriate; and ‘‘(II) providers of services or suppliers that may facilitate the abuse or diversion of fre-quently abused drugs by beneficiaries. ‘‘(iii) Consultation with the contractor de-scribed in subparagraph (B) to verify if an indi-vidual enrolling in a prescription drug plan of-fered by a PDP sponsor has been previously identified by another PDP sponsor as an indi-vidual described in clause (ii)(I). ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING .—A PDP sponsor offering a prescription drug plan (and an MA organization offering an MA–PD plan) in a State shall sub-mit to the Secretary and the Medicare drug in-tegrity contractor with which the Secretary has entered into a contract under section 1893 with respect to such State a report, on a monthly basis, containing information on— ‘‘(i) any provider of services or supplier de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) that is iden-tified by such plan sponsor (or organization) during the 30-day period before such report is submitted; and ‘‘(ii) the name and prescription records of in-dividuals described in paragraph (5)(C). ‘‘(C) CMS 
COMPLIANCE REVIEW .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that plan sponsor compli-ance reviews and program audits biennially in-clude a certification that utilization manage-ment tools under this paragraph are in compli-ance with the requirements for such tools.’’. (c) E
XPANDING ACTIVITIES OF MEDICARE DRUG I
NTEGRITY CONTRACTORS (MEDIC S).— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1893 of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) E
XPANDING ACTIVITIES OF MEDICARE  D
RUGINTEGRITY CONTRACTORS (MEDIC S).— ‘‘(1) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—Under con-tracts entered into under this section with Medi-care drug integrity contractors (including any successor entity to a Medicare drug integrity contractor), the Secretary shall authorize such contractors to directly accept prescription and necessary medical records from entities such as pharmacies, prescription drug plans, MA–PD plans, and physicians with respect to an indi-vidual in order for such contractors to provide information relevant to the determination of whether such individual is an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse, as defined in section 1860D–4(c)(5)(C). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF  
REFERRALS .—If a PDP sponsor or MA organiza-tion refers information to a contractor described in paragraph (1) in order for such contractor to assist in the determination described in such paragraph, the contractor shall— ‘‘(A) acknowledge to the sponsor or organiza-tion receipt of the referral; and ‘‘(B) in the case that any PDP sponsor or MA organization contacts the contractor requesting to know the determination by the contractor of whether or not an individual has been deter-mined to be an individual described in such paragraph, shall inform such sponsor or organi-zation of such determination on a date that is not later than 15 days after the date on which the sponsor or organization contacts the con-tractor. ‘‘(3) M
AKING DATA AVAILABLE TO OTHER ENTI -
TIES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of carrying out this subsection, subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall authorize MEDICs to re-spond to requests for information from PDP sponsors and MA organizations, State prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs, and other enti-ties delegated by such sponsors or organizations using available programs and systems in the ef-fort to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse. ‘‘(B) HIPAA COMPLIANT INFORMATION ONLY .— Information may only be disclosed by a MEDIC under subparagraph (A) if the disclosure of such information is permitted under the Federal regulations (concerning the privacy of individ-ually identifiable health information) promul-gated under section 264(c) of the Health Insur-ance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note).’’. (2) OIG 
STUDY AND REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS  
OF MEDICS .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Inspector General of the De-partment of Health and Human Services shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of Medicare drug integrity contractors with which the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services has en-tered into a contract under section 1893 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd) in iden-tifying, combating, and preventing fraud under the Medicare program, including under the au-thority provided under section 1893(j) of the So-cial Security Act, added by paragraph (1). (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 24 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General shall submit to Congress a re-port on the study conducted under subpara-graph (A). Such report shall include such rec-ommendations for improvements in the effective-ness of such contractors as the Inspector Gen-eral determines appropriate. (d) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN COMPLAINTS FOR  P
URPOSES OF QUALITY OR PERFORMANCE AS-
SESSMENT .—Section 1860D–42 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–152) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN COMPLAINTS FOR  P
URPOSES OF QUALITY OR PERFORMANCE AS-
SESSMENT .—In conducting a quality or perform-ance assessment of a PDP sponsor, the Sec-retary shall develop or utilize existing screening methods for reviewing and considering com-plaints that are received from enrollees in a pre-scription drug plan offered by such PDP spon-sor and that are complaints regarding the lack of access by the individual to prescription drugs due to a drug management program for at-risk beneficiaries.’’. (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING USE OF  T
ECHNOLOGY TOOLS TOCOMBAT FRAUD .—It is the sense of Congress that MA organizations and PDP sponsors should consider using e-pre-scribing and other health information tech-nology tools to support combating fraud under MA–PD plans and prescription drug plans under parts C and D of the Medicare program. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EPORT BY SECRETARY ON APPEALS PROC -
ESS.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the appropriate committees of jurisdic-tion of Congress a report on ways to improve upon the appeals process for Medicare bene-ficiaries with respect to prescription drug cov-erage under part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act. Such report shall include an anal-ysis comparing appeals processes under parts C and D of such title XVIII. (B) F
EEDBACK .—In development of the report described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall solicit feed-back on the current appeals process from stake-holders, such as beneficiaries, consumer advo-cates, plan sponsors, pharmacy benefit man-agers, pharmacists, providers, independent re-view entity evaluators, and pharmaceutical manufacturers. (2) GAO 
STUDY AND REPORT .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the im-plementation of the amendments made by this section, including the effectiveness of the at-risk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4407 July 6, 2016 
beneficiaries for prescription drug abuse drug management programs authorized by section 1860D–4(c)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–10(c)(5)), as added by subsection (a)(1). Such study shall include an analysis of— (i) the impediments, if any, that impair the ability of individuals described in subparagraph (C) of such section 1860D–4(c)(5) to access clini-cally appropriate levels of prescription drugs; (ii) the effectiveness of the reasonable access protections under subparagraph (D)(ii) of such section 1860D–4(c)(5), including the impact on beneficiary access and health; (iii) the types of— (I) individuals who, in the implementation of such section, are determined to be individuals described in such subparagraph (C); and (II) prescribers and pharmacies that are se-lected under subparagraph (D) of such section; and (iv) other areas determined appropriate by the Comptroller General. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of jurisdic-tion of Congress a report on the study con-ducted under subparagraph (A), together with recommendations for such legislation and ad-ministrative action as the Comptroller General determines to be appropriate. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE; RULEMAKING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to prescription drug plans (and MA–PD plans) for plan years begin-ning on or after January 1, 2019. (2) S
TAKEHOLDER MEETINGS PRIOR TO EFFEC -
TIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2017, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall convene stakeholders, including indi-viduals entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled under part B of such title, advocacy groups rep-resenting such individuals, physicians, phar-macists, and other clinicians, retail pharmacies, plan sponsors, entities delegated by plan spon-sors, and biopharmaceutical manufacturers for input regarding the topics described in subpara-graph (B). The input described in the preceding sentence shall be provided to the Secretary in sufficient time in order for the Secretary to take such input into account in promulgating the regulations pursuant to paragraph (3). (B) T
OPICS DESCRIBED .—The topics described in this subparagraph are the topics of— (i) the anticipated impact of drug management programs for at-risk beneficiaries under para-graph (5) of section 1860D–4(c) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)) on cost-shar-ing and ensuring accessibility to prescription drugs for enrollees in prescription drug plans of PDP sponsors, and enrollees in MA–PD plans, who are at-risk beneficiaries for prescription drug abuse (as defined in subparagraph (C) of such paragraph); (ii) the use of an expedited appeals process under which such an enrollee may appeal an identification of such enrollee as an at-risk ben-eficiary for prescription drug abuse under such paragraph (similar to the processes established under the Medicare Advantage program under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act that allow an automatic escalation to external review of claims submitted under such part); (iii) the types of enrollees that should be treat-ed as exempted individuals, as described in sub-paragraph (C)(ii) of such paragraph; (iv) the manner in which terms and defini-tions in such paragraph should be applied, such as the use of clinical appropriateness in deter-mining whether an enrollee is an at-risk bene-ficiary for prescription drug abuse as defined in subparagraph (C) of such paragraph; (v) the information to be included in the no-tices described in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph and the standardization of such no-tices; (vi) with respect to a PDP sponsor (or Medi-care Advantage organization) that establishes a drug management program for at-risk bene-ficiaries under such paragraph, the responsibil-ities of such PDP sponsor (or organization) with respect to the implementation of such program; (vii) notices for plan enrollees at the point of sale that would explain why an at-risk bene-ficiary has been prohibited from receiving a pre-scription at a location outside of the designated pharmacy; (viii) evidence-based prescribing guidelines for opiates; and (ix) the sharing of claims data under parts A and B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act with PDP sponsors. (3) RULEMAKING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, taking into account the input gathered pursu-ant to paragraph (2)(A) and after providing no-tice and an opportunity to comment, promulgate regulations to carry out the provisions of, and amendments made by this section. (h) D
EPOSIT OF SAVINGS INTOMEDICARE IM-
PROVEMENT FUND.—Section 1898(b)(1) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395iii(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘during and after fiscal year 2020, $0’’ and inserting ‘‘during and after fiscal year 2021, $140,000,000’’. 
SEC. 705. EXCLUDING ABUSE-DETERRENT FORMU-LATIONS OF PRESCRIPTION DRUGS FROM THE MEDICAID ADDITIONAL REBATE REQUIREMENT FOR NEW FORMULATIONS OF PRESCRIPTION DRUGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The last sentence of section 1927(c)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–8(c)(2)(C)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, but does not include an abuse-deterrent formu-lation of the drug (as determined by the Sec-retary), regardless of whether such abuse-deter-rent formulation is an extended release formula-tion’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to drugs that are paid for by a State in calendar quarters begin-ning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 706. LIMITING DISCLOSURE OF PREDICTIVE MODELING AND OTHER ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGIES TO IDENTIFY AND PREVENT WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XI of the Social Secu-rity Act is amended by inserting after section 1128J (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7k) the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 1128K. DISCLOSURE OF PREDICTIVE MOD-ELING AND OTHER ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGIES TO IDENTIFY AND PREVENT WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE. 
‘‘(a) R EFERENCE TO PREDICTIVE MODELING  T
ECHNOLOGIES REQUIREMENTS .—For provisions relating to the use of predictive modeling and other analytics technologies to identify and pre-vent waste, fraud, and abuse with respect to the Medicare program under title XVIII, the Med-icaid program under title XIX, and the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI, see section 4241 of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7m). ‘‘(b) L
IMITING DISCLOSURE OF PREDICTIVE  M
ODELING TECHNOLOGIES .—In implementing such provisions under such section 4241 with re-spect to covered algorithms (as defined in sub-section (c)), the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) N
ONAPPLICATION OF FOIA .—The covered algorithms used or developed for purposes of such section 4241 (including by the Secretary or a State (or an entity operating under a contract with a State)) shall be exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION WITH RESPECT TO USE AND  
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION BY STATE AGEN -
CIES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State agency may not use or disclose covered algorithms used or devel-oped for purposes of such section 4241 except for purposes of administering the State plan (or a waiver of the plan) under the Medicaid program under title XIX or the State child health plan (or a waiver of the plan) under the Children’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI, in-cluding by enabling an entity operating under a contract with a State to assist the State to iden-tify or prevent waste, fraud, and abuse with re-spect to such programs. ‘‘(B) INFORMATION SECURITY .—A State agency shall have in effect data security and control policies that the Secretary finds adequate to en-sure the security of covered algorithms used or developed for purposes of such section 4241 and to ensure that access to such information is re-stricted to authorized persons for purposes of authorized uses and disclosures described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) P
ROCEDURAL REQUIREMENTS .—State agencies to which information is disclosed pur-suant to such section 4241 shall adhere to uni-form procedures established by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) C
OVERED ALGORITHM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered algorithm’— ‘‘(1) means a predictive modeling or other analytics technology, as used for purposes of section 4241(a) of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7m(a)) to identify and pre-vent waste, fraud, and abuse with respect to the Medicare program under title XVIII, the Med-icaid program under title XIX, and the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI; and ‘‘(2) includes the mathematical expressions utilized in the application of such technology and the means by which such technology is de-veloped.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) M
EDICAID STATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Sec- tion 1902(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (80), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (81), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (81) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(82) provide that the State agency respon-sible for administering the State plan under this title provides assurances to the Secretary that the State agency is in compliance with subpara-graphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 1128K(b)(2).’’. (2) S
TATE CHILD HEALTH PLAN REQUIREMENT .— Section 2102(a)(7) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397bb(a)(7)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) to ensure that the State agency involved is in compliance with subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 1128K(b)(2).’’. 
SEC. 707. MEDICAID IMPROVEMENT FUND. 
Section 1941(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w–1(b)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be available to the Fund, for expenditures from the Fund for fiscal year 2021 and thereafter, $5,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 708. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS REGARDING TREATMENT OF SUBSTANCE ABUSE EPIDEMICS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that decades of experience and research have demonstrated that a fiscally responsible approach to addressing the opioid abuse epidemic and other substance abuse epidemics requires treating such epidemics as a public health emergency emphasizing pre-vention, treatment, and recovery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4408 July 6, 2016 
TITLE VIII—KINGPIN DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 801. PROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED INFORMA-TION IN FEDERAL COURT CHAL-LENGES RELATING TO DESIGNA-TIONS UNDER THE NARCOTICS KINGPIN DESIGNATION ACT. 
Section 804 of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1903) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) P
ROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED INFORMATION  
INFEDERAL COURT CHALLENGES RELATING TO  D
ESIGNATIONS .—In any judicial review of a de-termination made under this section, if the de-termination was based on classified information (as defined in section 1(a) of the Classified In-formation Procedures Act) such information may be submitted to the reviewing court ex parte and in camera. This subsection does not confer or imply any right to judicial review.’’. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Jason Simcakoski Memorial and Promise Act’’. 
SEC. 902. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) The term ‘‘controlled substance’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802). (2) The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the sev-eral States, territories, and possessions of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. (3) The term ‘‘complementary and integrative health’’ has the meaning given that term, or any successor term, by the National Institutes of Health. (4) The term ‘‘opioid receptor antagonist’’ means a drug or device approved or cleared under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) for emergency treat-ment of known or suspected opioid overdose. Subtitle A—Opioid Therapy and Pain Management 
SEC. 911. IMPROVEMENT OF OPIOID SAFETY MEASURES BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF OPIOID SAFETY INITIA -
TIVE.— (1) I
NCLUSION OF ALL MEDICAL FACILITIES .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall expand the Opioid Safety Initiative of the Department of Veterans Affairs to include all medical facilities of the Department. (2) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall establish guidance that each health care provider of the Department of Veterans Affairs, before initi-ating opioid therapy to treat a patient as part of the comprehensive assessment conducted by the health care provider, use the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool of the Department of Veterans Affairs (or any subsequent tool), which shall in-clude information from the prescription drug monitoring program of each participating State as applicable, that includes the most recent in-formation to date relating to the patient that accessed such program to assess the risk for ad-verse outcomes of opioid therapy for the patient, including the concurrent use of controlled sub-stances such as benzodiazepines, as part of the comprehensive assessment conducted by the health care provider. (3) E
NHANCED STANDARDS .—The Secretary shall establish enhanced standards with respect to the use of routine and random urine drug tests for all patients before and during opioid therapy to help prevent substance abuse, de-pendence, and diversion, including— (A) that such tests occur not less frequently than once each year or as otherwise determined according to treatment protocols; and (B) that health care providers appropriately order, interpret and respond to the results from such tests to tailor pain therapy, safeguards, and risk management strategies to each patient. (b) PAINMANAGEMENT EDUCATION AND TRAIN-
ING.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Opioid Safety Initiative of the Department, the Sec-retary shall require all employees of the Depart-ment responsible for prescribing opioids to re-ceive education and training described in para-graph (2). (2) E
DUCATION AND TRAINING .—Education and training described in this paragraph is edu-cation and training on pain management and safe opioid prescribing practices for purposes of safely and effectively managing patients with chronic pain, including education and training on the following: (A) The implementation of and full compli-ance with the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guide-line for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain, including any update to such guideline. (B) The use of evidence-based pain manage-ment therapies and complementary and integra-tive health services, including cognitive-behav-ioral therapy, non-opioid alternatives, and non- drug methods and procedures to managing pain and related health conditions including, to the extent practicable, medical devices approved or cleared by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of patients with chronic pain and related health conditions. (C) Screening and identification of patients with substance use disorder, including drug- seeking behavior, before prescribing opioids, as-sessment of risk potential for patients devel-oping an addiction, and referral of patients to appropriate addiction treatment professionals if addiction is identified or strongly suspected. (D) Communication with patients on the po-tential harm associated with the use of opioids and other controlled substances, including the need to safely store and dispose of supplies re-lating to the use of opioids and other controlled substances. (E) Such other education and training as the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure that veterans receive safe and high-quality pain management care from the Department. (3) U
SE OF EXISTING PROGRAM .—In providing education and training described in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall use the Interdisciplinary Chronic Pain Management Training Team Pro-gram of the Department (or successor program). (c) P
AINMANAGEMENT TEAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Opioid Safety Initiative of the Department, the director of each medical facility of the Department shall identify and designate a pain management team of health care professionals, which may include board certified pain medicine specialists, respon-sible for coordinating and overseeing pain man-agement therapy at such facility for patients ex-periencing acute and chronic pain that is non- cancer related. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROTOCOLS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In consultation with the Di-rectors of each Veterans Integrated Service Net-work, the Secretary shall establish standard protocols for the designation of pain manage-ment teams at each medical facility within the Department. (B) C
ONSULTATION ON PRESCRIPTION OF  
OPIOIDS .—Each protocol established under sub-paragraph (A) shall ensure that any health care provider without expertise in prescribing analge-sics or who has not completed the education and training under subsection (b), including a men-tal health care provider, does not prescribe opioids to a patient unless that health care pro-vider— (i) consults with a health care provider with pain management expertise or who is on the pain management team of the medical facility; and (ii) refers the patient to the pain management team for any subsequent prescriptions and re-lated therapy. (3) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the di-rector of each medical facility of the Department shall submit to the Under Secretary for Health and the director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network in which the medical facility is located a report identifying the health care pro-fessionals that have been designated as members of the pain management team at the medical fa-cility pursuant to paragraph (1). (B) ELEMENTS .—Each report submitted under subparagraph (A) with respect to a medical fa-cility of the Department shall include— (i) a certification as to whether all members of the pain management team at the medical facil-ity have completed the education and training required under subsection (b); (ii) a plan for the management and referral of patients to such pain management team if health care providers without expertise in pre-scribing analgesics prescribe opioid medications to treat acute and chronic pain that is non-can-cer related; and (iii) a certification as to whether the medical facility— (I) fully complies with the stepped-care model, or successor models, of pain management and other pain management policies of the Depart-ment; or (II) does not fully comply with such stepped- care model, or successor models, of pain man-agement and other pain management policies but is carrying out a corrective plan of action to ensure such full compliance. (d) T
RACKING AND MONITORING OF OPIOID  U
SE.— (1) P
RESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAMS  
OF STATES .—In carrying out the Opioid Safety Initiative and the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool of the Department, the Secretary shall— (A) ensure access by health care providers of the Department to information on controlled substances, including opioids and benzodiazepines, prescribed to veterans who re-ceive care outside the Department through the prescription drug monitoring program of each State with such a program, including by seeking to enter into memoranda of understanding with States to allow shared access of such informa-tion between States and the Department; (B) include such information in the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool; and (C) require health care providers of the De-partment to submit to the prescription drug monitoring program of each State with such a program information on prescriptions of con-trolled substances received by veterans in that State under the laws administered by the Sec-retary. (2) R
EPORT ON TRACKING OF DATA ON OPIOID  
USE.—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility and advisability of improving the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool of the Depart-ment to allow for more advanced real-time tracking of and access to data on— (A) the key clinical indicators with respect to the totality of opioid use by veterans; (B) concurrent prescribing by health care pro-viders of the Department of opioids in different health care settings, including data on concur-rent prescribing of opioids to treat mental health disorders other than opioid use disorder; and (C) mail-order prescriptions of opioids pre-scribed to veterans under the laws administered by the Secretary. (e) A
VAILABILITY OF OPIOID RECEPTOR AN-
TAGONISTS .— (1) I
NCREASED AVAILABILITY AND USE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall maxi-mize the availability of opioid receptor antago-nists, including naloxone, to veterans. (B) A
VAILABILITY , TRAINING , AND DISTRIB -
UTING .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (i) equip each pharmacy of the Department with opioid receptor antagonists to be dispensed to outpatients as needed; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4409 July 6, 2016 
(ii) expand the Overdose Education and Naloxone Distribution program of the Depart-ment to ensure that all veterans in receipt of health care under laws administered by the Sec-retary who are at risk of opioid overdose may access such opioid receptor antagonists and training on the proper administration of such opioid receptor antagonists. (C) V
ETERANS WHO ARE AT RISK .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (B), veterans who are at risk of opioid overdose include— (i) veterans receiving long-term opioid ther-apy; (ii) veterans receiving opioid therapy who have a history of substance use disorder or prior instances of overdose; and (iii) veterans who are at risk as determined by a health care provider who is treating the vet-eran. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on carrying out paragraph (1), including an assessment of any remaining steps to be car-ried out by the Secretary to carry out such paragraph. (f) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION AND  C
APABILITIES IN OPIOID THERAPY RISKREPORT  T
OOL OF THE DEPARTMENT .— (1) I
NFORMATION .—The Secretary shall in-clude in the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool of the Department— (A) information on the most recent time the tool was accessed by a health care provider of the Department with respect to each veteran; and (B) information on the results of the most re-cent urine drug test for each veteran. (2) C
APABILITIES .—The Secretary shall include in the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool the abil-ity of the health care providers of the Depart-ment to determine whether a health care pro-vider of the Department prescribed opioids to a veteran without checking the information in the tool with respect to the veteran. (g) N
OTIFICATIONS OF RISK IN COMPUTERIZED  H
EALTH RECORD .—The Secretary shall modify the computerized patient record system of the Department to ensure that any health care pro-vider that accesses the record of a veteran, re-gardless of the reason the veteran seeks care from the health care provider, will be imme-diately notified whether the veteran— (1) is receiving opioid therapy and has a his-tory of substance use disorder or prior instances of overdose; (2) has a history of opioid abuse; or (3) is at risk of developing an opioid use dis-order, as determined by a health care provider who is treating the veteran. 
SEC. 912. STRENGTHENING OF JOINT WORKING GROUP ON PAIN MANAGEMENT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS AND THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the Pain Management Work-ing Group of the Health Executive Committee of the Department of Veterans Affairs–Department of Defense Joint Executive Committee (Pain Management Working Group) established under section 320 of title 38, United States Code, in-cludes a focus on the following: (1) The opioid prescribing practices of health care providers of each Department. (2) The ability of each Department to manage acute and chronic pain among individuals re-ceiving health care from the Department, in-cluding training health care providers with re-spect to pain management. (3) The use by each Department of com-plementary and integrative health in treating such individuals. (4) The concurrent use and practice by health care providers of each Department of opioids and prescription drugs to treat mental health disorders, including benzodiazepines. (5) The use of care transition plans by health care providers of each Department to address case management issues for patients receiving opioid therapy who transition between inpatient and outpatient care. (6) The coordination in coverage of and con-sistent access to medications prescribed for pa-tients transitioning from receiving health care from the Department of Defense to receiving health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs. (7) The ability of each Department to properly screen, identify, refer, and treat patients with substance use disorders who are seeking treat-ment for acute and chronic pain management conditions. (b) COORDINATION AND CONSULTATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the working group described in subsection (a)— (1) coordinates the activities of the working group with other relevant working groups estab-lished under section 320 of title 38, United States Code; (2) consults with other relevant Federal agen-cies, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, with respect to the activities of the working group; and (3) consults with the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense with re-spect to the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain, or any successor guideline, and reviews and provides comments before any update to the guideline is released. (c) C
LINICAL PRACTICE GUIDELINES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall issue an update to the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain. (2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—In conducting the update under paragraph (1), the Pain Manage-ment Working Group, in coordination with the Clinical Practice Guideline VA/DoD Manage-ment of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain Work-ing Group, shall work to ensure that the Clin-ical Practical Guideline includes the following: (A) Enhanced guidance with respect to— (i) the co-administration of an opioid and other drugs, including benzodiazepines, that may result in life-limiting drug interactions; (ii) the treatment of patients with current acute psychiatric instability or substance use disorder or patients at risk of suicide; and (iii) the use of opioid therapy to treat mental health disorders other than opioid use disorder. (B) Enhanced guidance with respect to the treatment of patients with behaviors or comorbidities, such as post-traumatic stress dis-order or other psychiatric disorders, or a history of substance abuse or addiction, that requires a consultation or co-management of opioid ther-apy with one or more specialists in pain man-agement, mental health, or addictions. (C) Enhanced guidance with respect to health care providers— (i) conducting an effective assessment for pa-tients beginning or continuing opioid therapy, including understanding and setting realistic goals with respect to achieving and maintaining an expected level of pain relief, improved func-tion, or a clinically appropriate combination of both; and (ii) effectively assessing whether opioid ther-apy is achieving or maintaining the established treatment goals of the patient or whether the patient and health care provider should discuss adjusting, augmenting, or discontinuing the opioid therapy. (D) Guidelines to inform the methodologies used by health care providers of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of De-fense to safely taper opioid therapy when ad-justing or discontinuing the use of opioid ther-apy, including— (i) prescription of the lowest effective dose based on patient need; (ii) use of opioids only for a limited time; and (iii) augmentation of opioid therapy with other pain management therapies and modali-ties. (E) Guidelines with respect to appropriate case management for patients receiving opioid therapy who transition between inpatient and outpatient health care settings, which may in-clude the use of care transition plans. (F) Guidelines with respect to appropriate case management for patients receiving opioid therapy who transition from receiving care dur-ing active duty to post-military health care net-works. (G) Guidelines with respect to providing op-tions, before initiating opioid therapy, for pain management therapies without the use of opioids and options to augment opioid therapy with other clinical and complementary and inte-grative health services to minimize opioid de-pendence. (H) Guidelines with respect to the provision of evidence-based non-opioid treatments within the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Depart-ment of Defense, including medical devices and other therapies approved or cleared by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of chronic pain as an alternative to or to augment opioid therapy. (I) Guidelines developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for safely pre-scribing opioids for the treatment of chronic, non-cancer related pain in outpatient settings. (3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prevent the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense from considering all relevant evidence, as appropriate, in updating the VA/DOD Clin-ical Practice Guideline for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain, as required under paragraph (1), or from ensuring that the final clinical practice guideline updated under such paragraph remains applicable to the pa-tient populations of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 913. REVIEW, INVESTIGATION, AND REPORT ON USE OF OPIOIDS IN TREATMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) C OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a report on the Opioid Safety Initiative of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the opioid prescribing practices of health care providers of the Depart-ment. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the implementation and monitoring by the Veterans Health Administra-tion of the Opioid Safety Initiative of the De-partment, including examining, as appropriate, the following: (i) How the Department monitors the key clin-ical outcomes of such safety initiative (for exam-ple, the percentage of unique veterans visiting each medical center of the Department that are prescribed an opioid or an opioid and benzodiazepine concurrently) and how the De-partment uses that information— (I) to improve prescribing practices; and (II) to identify high prescribing or otherwise inappropriate prescribing practices by health care providers. (ii) How the Department monitors the use of the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool of the De-partment (as developed through such safety ini-tiative) and compliance with such tool by med-ical facilities and health care providers of the Department, including any findings by the De-partment of prescription rates or prescription practices by medical facilities or health care providers that are inappropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4410 July 6, 2016 
(iii) The implementation of academic detailing programs within the Veterans Integrated Service Networks of the Department and how such pro-grams are being used to improve opioid pre-scribing practices. (iv) Recommendations on such improvements to the Opioid Safety Initiative of the Depart-ment as the Comptroller General considers ap-propriate. (B) Information made available under the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool with respect to— (i) deaths resulting from sentinel events in-volving veterans prescribed opioids by a health care provider; (ii) overall prescription rates and, if applica-ble, indications used by health care providers for prescribing chronic opioid therapy to treat non-cancer, non-palliative, and non-hospice care patients; (iii) the prescription rates and indications used by health care providers for prescribing benzodiazepines and opioids concomitantly; (iv) the practice by health care providers of prescribing opioids to treat patients without any pain, including to treat patients with mental health disorders other than opioid use disorder; and (v) the effectiveness of opioid therapy for pa-tients receiving such therapy, including the ef-fectiveness of long-term opioid therapy. (C) An evaluation of processes of the Depart-ment in place to oversee opioid use among vet-erans, including procedures to identify and rem-edy potential over-prescribing of opioids by health care providers of the Department. (D) An assessment of the implementation by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of the VA/ DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Manage-ment of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain, in-cluding any figures or approaches used by the Department to assess compliance with such guidelines by medical centers of the Department and identify any medical centers of the Depart-ment operating action plans to improve compli-ance with such guidelines. (E) An assessment of the data that the De-partment has developed to review the opioid pre-scribing practices of health care providers of the Department, as required by this subtitle, includ-ing a review of how the Department identifies the practices of individual health care providers that warrant further review based on pre-scribing levels, health conditions for which the health care provider is prescribing opioids or opioids and benzodiazepines concurrently, or other practices of the health care provider. (b) S
EMI-ANNUAL PROGRESS REPORT ON IMPLE -
MENTATION OF COMPTROLLER GENERAL REC-
OMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submittal of the report required under subsection (a), and not less frequently than annually thereafter until the Comptroller General of the United States determines that all recommended actions are closed, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a progress report detailing the actions by the Secretary to address any out-standing findings and recommendations by the Comptroller General of the United States under subsection (a) with respect to the Veterans Health Administration. (c) A
NNUAL REPORT ON OPIOID THERAPY AND  P
RESCRIPTION RATES.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually for the fol-lowing five years, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on opioid therapy and prescription rates for the one-year period preceding the date of the submission of the report. Each such report shall include each of the following: (1) The number of patients and the percentage of the patient population of the Department who were prescribed benzodiazepines and opioids concurrently by a health care provider of the Department. (2) The number of patients and the percentage of the patient population of the Department without any pain who were prescribed opioids by a health care provider of the Department, in-cluding those who were prescribed benzodiazepines and opioids concurrently. (3) The number of non-cancer, non-palliative, and non-hospice care patients and the percent-age of such patients who were treated with opioids by a health care provider of the Depart-ment on an inpatient-basis and who also re-ceived prescription opioids by mail from the De-partment while being treated on an inpatient- basis. (4) The number of non-cancer, non-palliative, and non-hospice care patients and the percent-age of such patients who were prescribed opioids concurrently by a health care provider of the Department and a health care provider that is not a health care provider of the Department. (5) With respect to each medical facility of the Department, the collected and reviewed infor-mation on opioids prescribed by health care pro-viders at the facility to treat non-cancer, non- palliative, and non-hospice care patients, in-cluding— (A) the prescription rate at which each health care provider at the facility prescribed benzodiazepines and opioids concurrently to such patients and the aggregate of such pre-scription rate for all health care providers at the facility; (B) the prescription rate at which each health care provider at the facility prescribed benzodiazepines or opioids to such patients to treat conditions for which benzodiazepines or opioids are not approved treatment and the ag-gregate of such prescription rate for all health care providers at the facility; (C) the prescription rate at which each health care provider at the facility prescribed or dis-pensed mail-order prescriptions of opioids to such patients while such patients were being treated with opioids on an inpatient-basis and the aggregate of such prescription rate for all health care providers at the facility; and (D) the prescription rate at which each health care provider at the facility prescribed opioids to such patients who were also concurrently pre-scribed opioids by a health care provider that is not a health care provider of the Department and the aggregate of such prescription rates for all health care providers at the facility. (6) With respect to each medical facility of the Department, the number of times a pharmacist at the facility overrode a critical drug inter-action warning with respect to an interaction between opioids and another medication before dispensing such medication to a veteran. (d) INVESTIGATION OF PRESCRIPTION RATES.— If the Secretary determines that a prescription rate with respect to a health care provider or medical facility of the Department conflicts with or is otherwise inconsistent with the standards of appropriate and safe care, the Secretary shall— (1) immediately notify the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives of such determination, including informa-tion relating to such determination, prescription rate, and health care provider or medical facil-ity, as the case may be; and (2) through the Office of the Medical Inspec-tor of the Veterans Health Administration, con-duct a full investigation of the health care pro-vider or medical facility, as the case may be. (e) P
RESCRIPTION RATEDEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘prescription rate’’ means, with respect to a health care provider or medical fa-cility of the Department, each of the following: (1) The number of patients treated with opioids by the health care provider or at the medical facility, as the case may be, divided by the total number of pharmacy users of that health care provider or medical facility. (2) The average number of morphine equiva-lents per day prescribed by the health care pro-vider or at the medical facility, as the case may be, to patients being treated with opioids. (3) Of the patients being treated with opioids by the health care provider or at the medical fa-cility, as the case may be, the average number of prescriptions of opioids per patient. SEC. 914. MANDATORY DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN VETERAN INFORMATION TO STATE CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE MONI-TORING PROGRAMS. 
Section 5701(l) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
SEC. 915. ELIMINATION OF COPAYMENT REQUIRE-MENT FOR VETERANS RECEIVING OPIOID ANTAGONISTS OR EDU-CATION ON USE OF OPIOID ANTAGO-NISTS. 
(a) C OPAYMENT FOR OPIOID ANTAGONISTS .— Section 1722A(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Paragraph (1) does not apply to opioid antagonists furnished under this chapter to a veteran who is at high risk for overdose of a specific medication or substance in order to re-verse the effect of such an overdose.’’. (b) C
OPAYMENT FOR EDUCATION ON USE OF  O
PIOID ANTAGONISTS .—Section 1710(g)(3) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘with respect to home health services’’ and inserting ‘‘with respect to the fol-lowing:’’ ‘‘(A) Home health services’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following sub-paragraph: ‘‘(B) Education on the use of opioid antago-nists to reverse the effects of overdoses of spe-cific medications or substances.’’. Subtitle B—Patient Advocacy 
SEC. 921. COMMUNITY MEETINGS ON IMPROVING CARE FURNISHED BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) C OMMUNITY MEETINGS .— (1) M
EDICAL CENTERS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary shall ensure that each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs hosts a community meeting open to the public on improving health care furnished by the Secretary. (2) C
OMMUNITY -BASED OUTPATIENT CLINICS .— Not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Secretary shall ensure that each community-based outpatient clinic of the Department hosts a community meeting open to the public on improving health care furnished by the Secretary. (b) A
TTENDANCE BY DIRECTOR OF VETERANS  I
NTEGRATED SERVICE NETWORK OR DESIGNEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each community meeting hosted by a medical facility or community-based outpatient clinic under subsection (a) shall be attended by the Director of the Veterans Inte-grated Service Network in which the medical fa-cility or community-based outpatient clinic, as the case may be, is located. Subject to para-graph (2), the Director may delegate such at-tendance only to an employee who works in the Office of the Director. (2) A
TTENDANCE BY DIRECTOR .—Each Director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network shall personally attend not less than one community meeting under subsection (a) hosted by each medical facility located in the Veterans Inte-grated Service Network each year. (c) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall notify the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and each Member of Con-gress (as defined in section 902) who represents the area in which the medical facility is located of a community meeting under subsection (a) by not later than 10 days before such community meeting occurs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4411 July 6, 2016 
SEC. 922. IMPROVEMENT OF AWARENESS OF PA-TIENT ADVOCACY PROGRAM AND PA-TIENT BILL OF RIGHTS OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in as many prominent locations as the Secretary determines appropriate to be seen by the largest percentage of patients and family members of patients at each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs— (1) display the purposes of the Patient Advo-cacy Program of the Department and the con-tact information for the patient advocate at such medical facility; and (2) display the rights and responsibilities of— (A) patients and family members of patients at such medical facility; and (B) with respect to community living centers and other residential facilities of the Depart-ment, residents and family members of residents at such medical facility. 
SEC. 923. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON PATIENT ADVOCACY PROGRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a report on the Patient Advocacy Program of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the Program, including— (A) the purpose of the Program; (B) the activities carried out under the Pro-gram; and (C) the sufficiency of the Program in achiev-ing the purpose of the Program. (2) An assessment of the sufficiency of staffing of employees of the Department responsible for carrying out the Program. (3) An assessment of the sufficiency of the training of such employees. (4) An assessment of— (A) the awareness of the Program among vet-erans and family members of veterans; and (B) the use of the Program by veterans and family members of veterans. (5) Such recommendations and proposals for improving or modifying the Program as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. (6) Such other information with respect to the Program as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
SEC. 924. ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF PA-TIENT ADVOCACY OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7309A. Office of Patient Advocacy ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department within the Office of the Under Secretary for Health an office to be known as the ‘Office of Patient Advocacy’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’). ‘‘(b) H
EAD.—(1) The Director of the Office of Patient Advocacy shall be the head of the Of-fice. ‘‘(2) The Director of the Office of Patient Ad-vocacy shall be appointed by the Under Sec-retary for Health from among individuals quali-fied to perform the duties of the position and shall report directly to the Under Secretary for Health. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTION .—(1) The function of the Office is to carry out the Patient Advocacy Program of the Department. ‘‘(2) In carrying out the Patient Advocacy Program of the Department, the Director shall ensure that patient advocates of the Depart-ment— ‘‘(A) advocate on behalf of veterans with re-spect to health care received and sought by vet-erans under the laws administered by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(B) carry out the responsibilities specified in subsection (d); and ‘‘(C) receive training in patient advocacy. ‘‘(d) PATIENT ADVOCACY RESPONSIBILITIES .— The responsibilities of each patient advocate at a medical facility of the Department are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) To resolve complaints by veterans with respect to health care furnished under the laws administered by the Secretary that cannot be re-solved at the point of service or at a higher level easily accessible to the veteran. ‘‘(2) To present at various meetings and to various committees the issues experienced by veterans in receiving such health care at such medical facility. ‘‘(3) To express to veterans their rights and re-sponsibilities as patients in receiving such health care. ‘‘(4) To manage the Patient Advocate Track-ing System of the Department at such medical facility. ‘‘(5) To compile data at such medical facility of complaints made by veterans with respect to the receipt of such health care at such medical facility and the satisfaction of veterans with such health care at such medical facility to de-termine whether there are trends in such data. ‘‘(6) To ensure that a process is in place for the distribution of the data compiled under paragraph (5) to appropriate leaders, commit-tees, services, and staff of the Department. ‘‘(7) To identify, not less frequently than quarterly, opportunities for improvements in the furnishing of such health care to veterans at such medical facility based on complaints by veterans. ‘‘(8) To ensure that any significant complaint by a veteran with respect to such health care is brought to the attention of appropriate staff of the Department to trigger an assessment of whether there needs to be a further analysis of the problem at the facility-wide level. ‘‘(9) To support any patient advocacy pro-grams carried out by the Department. ‘‘(10) To ensure that all appeals and final de-cisions with respect to the receipt of such health care are entered into the Patient Advocate Tracking System of the Department. ‘‘(11) To understand all laws, directives, and other rules with respect to the rights and re-sponsibilities of veterans in receiving such health care, including the appeals processes available to veterans. ‘‘(12) To ensure that veterans receiving mental health care, or the surrogate decision-makers for such veterans, are aware of the rights of vet-erans to seek representation from systems estab-lished under section 103 of the Protection and Advocacy for Mentally Ill Individuals Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 10803) to protect and advocate the rights of individuals with mental illness and to investigate incidents of abuse and neglect of such individuals. ‘‘(13) To fulfill requirements established by the Secretary with respect to the inspection of con-trolled substances. ‘‘(14) To document potentially threatening be-havior and report such behavior to appropriate authorities. ‘‘(e) T
RAINING .—In providing training to pa-tient advocates under subsection (c)(2)(C), the Director shall ensure that such training is con-sistent throughout the Department. ‘‘(f) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘controlled substance’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7309 the following new item: ‘‘7309A. Office of Patient Advocacy.’’. (c) D
ATEFULLY OPERATIONAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the Office of Patient Advocacy established under section 7309A of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), is fully operational not later than the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Complementary and Integrative Health SEC. 931. EXPANSION OF RESEARCH AND EDU-CATION ON AND DELIVERY OF COM-PLEMENTARY AND INTEGRATIVE HEALTH TO VETERANS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a commission to be known as the ‘‘Creating Op-tions for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery’’ or the ‘‘COVER Commission’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). The Commission shall examine the evidence-based therapy treatment model used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for treating mental health conditions of veterans and the potential benefits of incorporating com-plementary and integrative health treatments available in non-Department facilities (as de-fined in section 1701 of title 38, United States Code). (b) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall perform the following duties: (1) Examine the efficacy of the evidence-based therapy model used by the Secretary for treating mental health illnesses of veterans and identify areas to improve wellness-based outcomes. (2) Conduct a patient-centered survey within each of the Veterans Integrated Service Net-works to examine— (A) the experience of veterans with the De-partment of Veterans Affairs when seeking med-ical assistance for mental health issues through the health care system of the Department; (B) the experience of veterans with non-De-partment facilities and health professionals for treating mental health issues; (C) the preference of veterans regarding avail-able treatment for mental health issues and which methods the veterans believe to be most effective; (D) the experience, if any, of veterans with re-spect to the complementary and integrative health treatment therapies described in para-graph (3); (E) the prevalence of prescribing prescription medication among veterans seeking treatment through the health care system of the Depart-ment as remedies for addressing mental health issues; and (F) the outreach efforts of the Secretary re-garding the availability of benefits and treat-ments for veterans for addressing mental health issues, including by identifying ways to reduce barriers to gaps in such benefits and treatments. (3) Examine available research on complemen-tary and integrative health treatment therapies for mental health issues and identify what bene-fits could be made with the inclusion of such treatments for veterans, including with respect to— (A) music therapy; (B) equine therapy; (C) training and caring for service dogs; (D) yoga therapy; (E) acupuncture therapy; (F) meditation therapy; (G) outdoor sports therapy; (H) hyperbaric oxygen therapy; (I) accelerated resolution therapy; (J) art therapy; (K) magnetic resonance therapy; and (L) other therapies the Commission determines appropriate. (4) Study the sufficiency of the resources of the Department to ensure the delivery of quality health care for mental health issues among vet-erans seeking treatment within the Department. (5) Study the current treatments and resources available within the Department and assess— (A) the effectiveness of such treatments and resources in decreasing the number of suicides per day by veterans; (B) the number of veterans who have been di-agnosed with mental health issues; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4412 July 6, 2016 
(C) the percentage of veterans using the re-sources of the Department who have been diag-nosed with mental health issues; (D) the percentage of veterans who have com-pleted counseling sessions offered by the Depart-ment; and (E) the efforts of the Department to expand complementary and integrative health treat-ments viable to the recovery of veterans with mental health issues as determined by the Sec-retary to improve the effectiveness of treatments offered by the Department. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall be composed of 10 members, appointed as follows: (A) Two members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. (B) Two members appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. (C) Two members appointed by the majority leader of the Senate, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. (D) Two members appointed by the minority leader of the Senate, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. (E) Two members appointed by the President, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members of the Commis-sion shall be individuals who— (A) are of recognized standing and distinction within the medical community with a back-ground in treating mental health; (B) have experience working with the military and veteran population; and (C) do not have a financial interest in any of the complementary and integrative health treat-ments reviewed by the Commission. (3) C
HAIRMAN .—The President shall designate a member of the Commission to be the Chair-man. (4) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members of the Commission shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. (5) V
ACANCY .—A vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the origi-nal appointment was made. (6) A
PPOINTMENT DEADLINE .—The appoint-ment of members of the Commission in this sec-tion shall be made not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) P
OWERS OF COMMISSION .— (1) M
EETINGS .— (A) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The Commission shall hold its first meeting not later than 30 days after a majority of members are appointed to the Commission. (B) M
EETING .—The Commission shall regu-larly meet at the call of the Chairman. Such meetings may be carried out through the use of telephonic or other appropriate telecommuni-cation technology if the Commission determines that such technology will allow the members to communicate simultaneously. (2) H
EARINGS .—The Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive evi-dence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out the responsibilities of the Commission. (3) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— The Commission may secure directly from any department or agency of the Federal Govern-ment such information as the Commission con-siders necessary to carry out the duties of the Commission. (4) I
NFORMATION FROM NONGOVERNMENTAL  
ORGANIZATIONS .—In carrying out its duties, the Commission may seek guidance through con-sultation with foundations, veteran service or-ganizations, nonprofit groups, faith-based orga-nizations, private and public institutions of higher education, and other organizations as the Commission determines appropriate. (5) C
OMMISSION RECORDS .—The Commission shall keep an accurate and complete record of the actions and meetings of the Commission. Such record shall be made available for public inspection and the Comptroller General of the United States may audit and examine such record. (6) PERSONNEL RECORDS .—The Commission shall keep an accurate and complete record of the actions and meetings of the Commission. Such record shall be made available for public inspection and the Comptroller General of the United States may audit and examine such records. (7) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS ; TRAVEL EX -
PENSES .—Each member shall serve without pay but shall receive travel expenses to perform the duties of the Commission, including per diem in lieu of substances, at rates authorized under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code. (8) S
TAFF.—The Chairman, in accordance with rules agreed upon the Commission, may appoint and fix the compensation of a staff di-rector and such other personnel as may be nec-essary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appoint-ments in the competitive service, without regard to the provision of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to classi-fication and General Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this paragraph may exceed the equivalent of that payable for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. (9) P
ERSONNEL AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The executive director and any personnel of the Commission are employees under section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, for purpose of chapters 63, 81, 83, 84, 85, 87, 89, and 90 of such title. (B) M
EMBERS OF THE COMMISSION .—Subpara- graph (A) shall not be construed to apply to members of the Commission. (10) C
ONTRACTING .—The Commission may, to such extent and in such amounts as are pro-vided in appropriations Acts, enter into con-tracts to enable the Commission to discharge the duties of the Commission under this Act. (11) E
XPERT AND CONSULTANT SERVICE .—The Commission may procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, at rates not to ex-ceed the daily rate paid to a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. (12) P
OSTAL SERVICE .—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as departments and agencies of the United States. (13) P
HYSICAL FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT .— Upon the request of the Commission, the Admin-istrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, the admin-istrative support services necessary for the Com-mission to carry out its responsibilities under this Act. These administrative services may in-clude human resource management, budget, leasing accounting, and payroll services. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
NTERIM REPORTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Commission first meets, and each 30-day period thereafter ending on the date on which the Commission submits the final report under paragraph (2), the Commission shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the President a report detailing the level of cooperation the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (and the heads of other departments or agencies of the Federal Government) has pro-vided to the Commission. (B) O
THER REPORTS .—In carrying out its du-ties, at times that the Commission determines appropriate, the Commission shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate and any other appropriate entities an interim report with re-spect to the findings identified by the Commis-sion. (2) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the first meeting of the Commission, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate, the President, and the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs a final report on the findings of the Commission. Such report shall include the following: (A) Recommendations to implement in a fea-sible, timely, and cost-efficient manner the solu-tions and remedies identified within the findings of the Commission pursuant to subsection (b). (B) An analysis of the evidence-based therapy model used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for treating veterans with mental health care issues, and an examination of the prevalence and efficacy of prescription drugs as a means for treatment. (C) The findings of the patient-centered sur-vey conducted within each of the Veterans Inte-grated Service Networks pursuant to subsection (b)(2). (D) An examination of complementary and in-tegrative health treatments described in sub-section (b)(3) and the potential benefits of incor-porating such treatments in the therapy models used by the Secretary for treating veterans with mental health issues. (3) P
LAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Commission submits the final report under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate a report on the following: (A) An action plan for implementing the rec-ommendations established by the Commission on such solutions and remedies for improving wellness-based outcomes for veterans with men-tal health care issues. (B) A feasible timeframe on when the com-plementary and integrative health treatments described in subsection (b)(3) can be imple-mented Department-wide. (C) With respect to each recommendation es-tablished by the Commission, including any complementary and integrative health treat-ment, that the Secretary determines is not ap-propriate or feasible to implement, a justifica-tion for such determination and an alternative solution to improve the efficacy of the therapy models used by the Secretary for treating vet-erans with mental health issues. (f) T
ERMINATION OF COMMISSION .—The Com- mission shall terminate 30 days after the Com-mission submits the final report under sub-section (e)(2). 
SEC. 932. EXPANSION OF RESEARCH AND EDU-CATION ON AND DELIVERY OF COM-PLEMENTARY AND INTEGRATIVE HEALTH TO VETERANS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PLANTOEXPAND RE-
SEARCH , EDUCATION , ANDDELIVERY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop a plan to expand materially and sub-stantially the scope of the effectiveness of re-search and education on, and delivery and inte-gration of, complementary and integrative health services into the health care services pro-vided to veterans. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall provide for the following: (1) Research on the following: (A) The effectiveness of various complemen-tary and integrative health services, including the effectiveness of such services integrated with clinical services. (B) Approaches to integrating complementary and integrative health services into other health care services provided by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. (2) Education and training for health care professionals of the Department on the fol-lowing: (A) Complementary and integrative health services selected by the Secretary for purposes of the plan. (B) Appropriate uses of such services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4413 July 6, 2016 
(C) Integration of such services into the deliv-ery of health care to veterans. (3) Research, education, and clinical activities on complementary and integrative health at centers of innovation at medical centers of the Department. (4) Identification or development of metrics and outcome measures to evaluate the effective-ness of the provision and integration of com-plementary and integrative health services into the delivery of health care to veterans. (5) Integration and delivery of complementary and integrative health services with other health care services provided by the Depart-ment. (c) C
ONSULTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with the fol-lowing: (A) The Director of the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health of the National Institutes of Health. (B) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. (C) Institutions of higher education, private research institutes, and individual researchers with extensive experience in complementary and integrative health and the integration of com-plementary and integrative health practices into the delivery of health care. (D) Nationally recognized providers of com-plementary and integrative health. (E) Such other officials, entities, and individ-uals with expertise on complementary and inte-grative health as the Secretary considers appro-priate. (2) S
COPE OF CONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall undertake consultation under paragraph (1) in carrying out subsection (a) with respect to the following: (A) To develop the plan. (B) To identify specific complementary and integrative health practices that, on the basis of research findings or promising clinical interven-tions, are appropriate to include as services to veterans. (C) To identify barriers to the effective provi-sion and integration of complementary and inte-grative health services into the delivery of health care to veterans, and to identify mecha-nisms for overcoming such barriers. 
SEC. 933. PILOT PROGRAM ON INTEGRATION OF COMPLEMENTARY AND INTEGRA-TIVE HEALTH AND RELATED ISSUES FOR VETERANS AND FAMILY MEM-BERS OF VETERANS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs receives the final report under section 931(e)(2), the Secretary shall commence a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of using complementary and integrative health and wellness-based programs (as defined by the Secretary) to complement the provision of pain management and related health care services, including mental health care services, to vet-erans. (2) M
ATTERS ADDRESSED .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall assess the fol-lowing: (A) Means of improving coordination between Federal, State, local, and community providers of health care in the provision of pain manage-ment and related health care services to vet-erans. (B) Means of enhancing outreach, and coordi-nation of outreach, by and among providers of health care referred to in subparagraph (A) on the pain management and related health care services available to veterans. (C) Means of using complementary and inte-grative health and wellness-based programs of providers of health care referred to in subpara-graph (A) as complements to the provision by the Department of Veterans Affairs of pain management and related health care services to veterans. (D) Whether complementary and integrative health and wellness-based programs described in subparagraph (C)— (i) are effective in enhancing the quality of life and well-being of veterans; (ii) are effective in increasing the adherence of veterans to the primary pain management and related health care services provided such veterans by the Department; (iii) have an effect on the sense of well-being of veterans who receive primary pain manage-ment and related health care services from the Department; and (iv) are effective in encouraging veterans re-ceiving health care from the Department to adopt a more healthy lifestyle. (b) DURATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under subsection (a)(1) for a period of three years. (c) L
OCATIONS .— (1) F
ACILITIES .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under subsection (a)(1) at fa-cilities of the Department providing pain man-agement and related health care services, in-cluding mental health care services, to veterans. In selecting such facilities to carry out the pilot program, the Secretary shall select not fewer than 15 geographically diverse medical centers of the Department, of which not fewer than two shall be polytrauma rehabilitation centers of the Department. (2) M
EDICAL CENTERS WITH PRESCRIPTION  
RATES OF OPIOIDS THAT CONFLICT WITH CARE  
STANDARDS .—In selecting the medical centers under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give priority to medical centers of the Department at which there is a prescription rate of opioids that conflicts with or is otherwise inconsistent with the standards of appropriate and safe care. (d) P
ROVISION OF SERVICES .—Under the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall provide covered services to covered vet-erans by integrating complementary and inte-grative health services with other services pro-vided by the Department at the medical centers selected under subsection (c). (e) C
OVERED VETERANS .—For purposes of the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), a covered veteran is any veteran who— (1) has a mental health condition diagnosed by a clinician of the Department; (2) experiences chronic pain; (3) has a chronic condition being treated by a clinician of the Department; or (4) is not described in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) and requests to participate in the pilot program or is referred by a clinician of the Department who is treating the veteran. (f) C
OVERED SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the pilot program, covered services are services consisting of complementary and integrative health serv-ices as selected by the Secretary. (2) A
DMINISTRATION OF SERVICES .—Covered services shall be administered under the pilot program as follows: (A) Covered services shall be administered by professionals or other instructors with appro-priate training and expertise in complementary and integrative health services who are employ-ees of the Department or with whom the Depart-ment enters into an agreement to provide such services. (B) Covered services shall be included as part of the Patient Aligned Care Teams initiative of the Office of Patient Care Services, Primary Care Program Office, in coordination with the Office of Patient Centered Care and Cultural Transformation. (C) Covered services shall be made available to— (i) covered veterans who have received con-ventional treatments from the Department for the conditions for which the covered veteran seeks complementary and integrative health services under the pilot program; and (ii) covered veterans who have not received conventional treatments from the Department for such conditions. (g) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 months after the date on which the Secretary com-mences the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The findings and conclusions of the Sec-retary with respect to the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), including with respect to— (i) the use and efficacy of the complementary and integrative health services established under the pilot program; (ii) the outreach conducted by the Secretary to inform veterans and community organizations about the pilot program; and (iii) an assessment of the benefit of the pilot program to covered veterans in mental health diagnoses, pain management, and treatment of chronic illness. (B) Identification of any unresolved barriers that impede the ability of the Secretary to incor-porate complementary and integrative health services with other health care services provided by the Department. (C) Such recommendations for the continu-ation or expansion of the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate. Subtitle D—Fitness of Health Care Providers 
SEC. 941. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR HIR-ING OF HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
As part of the hiring process for each health care provider considered for a position at the Department of Veterans Affairs after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall require from the medical board of each State in which the health care provider has or had a medical license— (1) information on any violation of the re-quirements of the medical license of the health care provider during the 20-year period pre-ceding the consideration of the health care pro-vider by the Department; and (2) information on whether the health care provider has entered into any settlement agree-ment for a disciplinary charge relating to the practice of medicine by the health care provider. 
SEC. 942. PROVISION OF INFORMATION ON HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO STATE MEDICAL BOARDS. 
Notwithstanding section 552a of title 5, United States Code, with respect to each health care provider of the Department of Veterans Affairs who has violated a requirement of the medical license of the health care provider, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide to the medical board of each State in which the health care provider is licensed detailed information with respect to such violation, regardless of whether such board has formally requested such infor-mation. 
SEC. 943. REPORT ON COMPLIANCE BY DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS WITH REVIEWS OF HEALTH CARE PRO-VIDERS LEAVING THE DEPARTMENT OR TRANSFERRING TO OTHER FA-CILITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the compliance by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs with the policy of the Department— (1) to conduct a review of each health care provider of the Department who transfers to an-other medical facility of the Department, re-signs, retires, or is terminated to determine whether there are any concerns, complaints, or allegations of violations relating to the medical practice of the health care provider; and (2) to take appropriate action with respect to any such concern, complaint, or allegation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4414 July 6, 2016 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 951. MODIFICATION TO LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BONUSES. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 705. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BO-NUSES PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the aggregate amount of awards and bonuses paid by the Secretary in a fiscal year under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, or any other awards or bo-nuses authorized under such title or title 38, United States Code, does not exceed the fol-lowing amounts: ‘‘(1) With respect to each of fiscal years 2017 through 2018, $230,000,000. ‘‘(2) With respect to each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021, $225,000,000. ‘‘(3) With respect to each of fiscal years 2022 through 2024, $360,000,000. ‘‘(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the limitation under subsection (a) should not disproportionately impact lower- wage employees and that the Department of Veterans Affairs is encouraged to use bonuses to incentivize high-performing employees in areas in which retention is challenging.’’. And the House agree to the same. That the Senate recede from its disagree-ment to the amendment of the House to the title of the bill and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by the House amendment to the title of the bill, insert the following: ‘‘An Act to authorize the Attorney General and Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the prescription opioid abuse and heroin use crisis, and for other purposes.’’. And the House agree to the same. For consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendments, and modifications com-mitted to conference: F
REDUPTON , J
OSEPH R. P ITTS, L
EONARD LANCE , B
RETT GUTHRIE , A
DAMKINZINGER , L
ARRY BUCSHON , S
USAN W. B ROOKS , B
OBGOODLATTE , F. J
AMES SENSENBRENNER , Jr., L
AMAR SMITH, T
OMMARINO , D
OUGCOLLINS , D
AVID A. T ROTT , M
IKEBISHOP , K
EVIN MCCARTHY , From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of title VII of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: L
OUBARLETTA , E
ARLL. ‘‘B UDDY ’’ CARTER , From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of title III of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: G
USM. B ILIRAKIS , J
ACKIE WALORSKI , From the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of sec. 705 of the Senate bill, and sec. 804 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: P
ATRICK MEEHAN , R
OBERT J. D OLD, Managers on the Part of the House. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , L
AMAR ALEXANDER , O
RRIN G. H ATCH , J
EFFSESSIONS , Managers on the Part of the Senate. JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE The managers on the part of the House and the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the House to the bill (S. 524), to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, submit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the man-agers and recommended in the accom-panying conference report: The House amendment to the text of the bill struck all of the Senate bill after the en-acting clause and inserted a substitute text. The Senate recedes from its disagreement to the amendment of the House with an amendment that is a substitute for the Sen-ate bill and the House amendment. The dif-ference between the Senate bill, the House amendment, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for cler-ical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by agreements reached by the con-ferees, and minor drafting and clarifying changes. S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act (CARA), authorizes the Attor-ney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the national epidemics of addiction to heroin and prescription opioids, and makes various other changes to Federal law to combat opioid addiction and abuse. TITLE I—PREVENTION AND EDUCATION Section 101—Task force on pain management S. 524 included a task force to review best practices for chronic and acute pain manage-ment and prescribing pain medication. It was unclear which best practices the task force would review, modify, and update. The task force would have been required to convene not later than December 14, 2018, and within 180 days, modify and update such best prac-tices, as appropriate, and amend them fur-ther, if appropriate, after soliciting and tak-ing into consideration public comment. Not later than 90 days after that, the task force would have been required to submit a report to Congress, including a strategy for dis-seminating best practices as reviewed, modi-fied, or updated. The House amendment included the same timeframes and underlying activities but added a number of participants to the task force. The House amendment also added con-siderations that the task force would have been required to take into account while re-viewing, modifying, and updating best prac-tices, several of which extended beyond the scope of chronic and acute pain manage-ment. Section 101 of the conference report re-quires the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), within two years of enact-ment, to convene a task force comprised of federal agencies and non-governmental stakeholders to identify, review, and as ap-propriate, determine whether there are gaps or inconsistencies between best practices for chronic and acute pain management that have been developed or adopted by Federal agencies. The task force is required to con-sider a number of factors, existing research, and related efforts, and, within one year of convening, propose any updates to such best practices and recommendations on address-ing gaps or inconsistencies after providing the public with at least 90 days to submit comments. The task force would also develop a strategy for disseminating information about best practices prior to disbanding three years after enactment. Section 102—Awareness campaigns Section 102 requires that the Secretary of HHS, as appropriate, to advance education and awareness of issues related to opioid abuse. The Secretary is directed to carry out these activities through existing programs and activities. The awareness campaigns should address information on prevention and detection of opioid abuse. Section 102 of S. 524 included a similar provision. Section 103—Community-based coalition en-hancement grants to address local drug cri-ses Section 103 authorizes the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) to award grants to implement community-wide prevention strategies for addressing the local drug crisis or emerging drug abuse issue in areas with high rates of opioid or meth-amphetamine abuse. The section authorizes the appropriation of $5 million for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, and allows ONDCP to delegate authority for carrying out the grant program. Section 103 of S. 524 included a similar provision. Section 104—Information materials and re-sources to prevent addiction related to youth sports injuries Section 104 directs the Secretary of HHS to make publically available a report deter-mining the extent to which informational materials and resources are available with respect to youth sports injuries for which opioids are potentially prescribed. The Sec-retary may then facilitate the development of materials if gaps are found in resources that are currently available. Teenage ath-letes who are prescribed an opioid are uniquely susceptible to opioid addiction. The House amendment included similar lan-guage. Section 105—Assisting veterans with military emergency medical training to meet require-ments for becoming civilian health care pro-fessionals Section 105 would award demonstration grants to states to streamline the licensure requirements for veterans who held military occupational specialties related to medical care or who completed certain military med-ical training to more easily meet civilian health care licensure requirements. The House amendment included similar language that applied only to military emergency medical technicians. Section 106—FDA opioid action plan Section 106 requires that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) consult with ad-visory committees prior to approval or label-ing of certain new opioids in pediatric popu-lations. FDA must also issue final guidance for generic drugs that claim abuse deter-rence within 18 months of the date of enact-ment, and develop recommendations regard-ing educational programs for prescribers of opioids. The House amendment included similar language. Section 107—Improving access to overdose treat-ment Currently, there are questions as to when co-prescribing or prescribing of opioid rever-sal drugs approved by the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act for emergency treat-ment of known or suspected opioid overdose is appropriate. Section 107 would allow the Secretary of HHS, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA), and the Secretary of Defense, 180 days after enactment, to provide infor-mation to prescribers on co-prescribing or prescribing a drug or device for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose. It explicitly states that the best practices in this section are not to be con-strued as or to establish a medical standard of care. This section also establishes a grant program to increase access to opioid over-dose treatment. The House amendment in-cluded similar language. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.039 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4415 July 6, 2016 
Section 108—NIH opioid research Section 108 allows the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to intensify and coordinate fundamental, translational, and clinical re-search with respect to the understanding of pain, the discovery and development of therapies for chronic pain, and the develop-ment of alternatives to opioids for effective pain treatments in order to advance the dis-covery and development of novel, safe, non- addictive, effective, and affordable pharma-ceuticals and other therapies for chronic pain. Section 109—National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting reauthorization Section 109 reauthorizes the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting (NASPER) Act within HHS to provide grants to states to establish, implement, and im-prove state-based prescription drug moni-toring programs (PDMPs). NASPER first be-came law in 2005 but expired in 2010. CARA will extend funding for NASPER for five years at $10 million a year for FY 2017 through FY 2021. The House amendment in-cluded similar language. Section 110—Opioid overdose reversal medica-tion access and education grant programs Section 110 would allow the Secretary of HHS to make grants available for states to implement standing orders for opioid rever-sal drugs approved by the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act for emergency treat-ment of known or suspected opioid overdose. These grants may target states that have a significantly higher per-capita rate of opioid overdoses than the national average. Each state that is awarded a grant under this pro-gram must submit a report to the Secretary of HHS evaluating the grant and the services that were provided. The House amendment included similar language. TITLE II—LAW ENFORCEMENT AND TREATMENT Section 201—Comprehensive opioid abuse grant program Section 201 includes the provisions of Title II of the House amendment to S. 524. It cre-ates a comprehensive grant program at the Department of Justice (DOJ) to address the problems of opioid addiction and abuse. Though there is no corresponding provision in S. 524 as passed by the Senate, the pro-gram created by this section includes several ‘‘allowable uses’’ that are similar to provi-sions in that bill. Minor changes have been made to the conference provisions for clar-ity. The allowable uses of grant funds in-clude: (1) Alternatives to incarceration programs, which replaces Section 201 of the Senate bill. The list of allowable alternatives to incar-ceration programs is very similar to the pro-grams in the Senate bill, including pre- and post-booking treatment programs such as drug courts and veterans treatment courts, and criminal justice training programs. (2) Collaboration between criminal justice agencies and substance abuse systems, which is nearly identical to Section 201 of the Sen-ate bill; (3) Training for first responders in carrying and administering opioid overdose reversal drugs and purchasing such drugs for first re-sponders who have received training; (4) Investigative purposes related to the unlawful distribution of opioids; (5) Medication-assisted treatment by criminal justice agencies, which is high-lighted in Section 302 of the Senate bill; (6) Prescription drug monitoring programs administered by states; (7) Programs that address juvenile opioid abuse, which does not have a Senate com-panion; (8) Initiatives to prevent pilfering of pre-scription opioids, which does not have a Sen-ate companion; (9) Prescription drug take-back programs; and (10) Development of a jurisdiction’s own comprehensive opioid abuse reduction pro-gram. $103,000,000 is authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this grant program. This discre-tionary authorization is fully offset in ac-cordance with the House’s CUTGO protocol. This section also allows grantees to make subawards to local or regional nonprofit or-ganizations, including faith-based organiza-tions, units of local government, and tribal organizations. This section would permit or-ganizations that are private and nonprofit to receive subawards, including organizations that provide alternative complementary mental health services. This section requires that the Attorney General ensure equitable distribution of funds, taking into consideration the needs of underserved populations such as rural and tribal communities, and the prevalence of opioid abuse in a community. It also ensures that entities that provide services to preg-nant women are eligible for grants under the Family-Based Substance Abuse Grant Pro-gram. Finally, this section directs the Govern-ment Accountability Office (GAO) to study and report on how federal agencies, including ONDCP, through grant programs, are ad-dressing prevention, treatment, and recovery from substance abuse disorders on the part of adolescents and young adults. Section 202—First responder training Section 201 of the conference report codi-fies an existing grant program at the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA) to expand access to life-saving opioid overdose reversal drugs by supporting the purchase and distribution of opioid overdose reversal drugs and train-ing for first responders and other key com-munity sectors. S. 524 included similar lan-guage. Section 203—Prescription drug take-back expan-sion This section, identical to Section 203 of the Senate bill, authorizes the Attorney General, in coordination with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the Secretary of HHS, and the Direc-tor of ONDCP, to coordinate with certain en-tities in expanding or making available dis-posal sites for unwanted prescription medi-cations. These entities include state and local law enforcement agencies, manufactur-ers and distributors of prescription medica-tions, retail pharmacies, narcotic treatment programs, hospitals with on-site pharmacies, and long-term care facilities. TITLE III—TREATMENT AND RECOVERY Section 301—Evidence-based prescription opioid and heroin treatment and interventions demonstration Section 301 of the conference report codi-fies an existing grant program at SAMHSA to support states in expanding access to ad-diction treatment services for individuals with an opioid use disorder, including evi-dence-based medication assisted treatment. This program is targeted toward areas where there is a high rate or a rapid increase in the use of heroin or other opioids, including rural areas. S. 524 included this language. Section 302—Building communities of recovery Section 302 of the conference report allows HHS to provide grants to community organi-zations to develop, expand, and enhance re-covery services and build connections be-tween recovery networks, including physi-cians, the criminal justice system, employ-ers, and other recovery support systems. Re-covery services help individuals with a sub-stance use disorder get and stay well and in-crease long-term recovery from substance use disorders. S. 524 included this language. Section 303—Medication-assisted treatment for recovery from addiction The House amendment included provisions amending the Controlled Substances Act to permit nurse practitioners and physician as-sistants (NPs and PAs) who meet certain cri-teria to receive a waiver from SAMHSA to dispense certain drugs for maintenance or detoxification treatment in an office-based setting to up to 30 patients in the first year and up to 100 patients after the first year and going forward. In states where NPs and PAs are required to practice in collaboration with, or under the supervision of a physician, such physician would also need to be a quali-fying practitioner (i.e., have their own waiv-er from SAMHSA). This new authority for NPs and PAs would sunset three years after the date of enactment. Section 303 of the conference report in-cludes similar operative language to the House amendment, though it requires the implementing regulations to be updated no later than 18 months after the date of enact-ment and the new authority for NPs and PAs expires October 1, 2021. Further, this section would not preempt any state law that estab-lishes a lower limit on the number of pa-tients a qualifying practitioner can treat at any given time or requires a qualifying prac-titioner to comply with additional require-ments relating to the dispensing of such drugs. TITLE IV—ADDRESING COLLATORAL CONSEQUENCES Section 401—GAO report on recovery and collat-eral consequences This section directs GAO to submit a re-port to the Senate and House Judiciary Com-mittees on recovery and the collateral con-sequences of drug-related criminal convic-tions within one year of the date of the Act’s enactment. The report will study the collat-eral consequences for individuals with con-victions for non-violent drug-related offenses and the effects of these collateral con-sequences on individuals in recovery on their ability to resume their personal and profes-sional activities. The report will also discuss the policy bases and justifications for impos-ing these collateral consequences and pro-vide perspectives on the potential for miti-gating the effect of these collateral con-sequences on individuals in recovery. TITLE V—ADDICTION AND TREATMENT SERVICES FOR WOMEN, FAMILIES, AND VETERANS Section 501—Improving treatment for pregnant and postpartum women Section 501 reauthorizes a grant program for residential treatment for pregnant and postpartum women who have an opioid use disorder. This program also provides services for the children of such women, including those who may be born with neonatal absti-nence syndrome. It creates a new pilot pro-gram to enhance the flexibility of the funds so states can more broadly support family- based services for pregnant and postpartum women and their children. S. 524 included language to reauthorize this program and create a pilot program but at a lower author-ized level than the language included in the House amendment. Section 502—Veterans treatment courts The language in this section is drawn from the House amendment to S. 524, and replaces the language from Section 503 of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.043 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4416 July 6, 2016 
bill. However, consistent with the Senate bill, this section defines ‘‘qualified veterans’’ for purposes of the DOJ grant program as those who have served on active duty in any branch of the Armed Services and have been discharged under conditions other than dis-honorable, unless the reason for the dishon-orable discharge was attributable to a sub-stance abuse disorder. Additionally, this section provides a defi-nitional framework for ‘‘peer-to peer’’ pro-grams, ‘‘veterans treatment court’’ pro-grams, and ‘‘veterans assistance’’ programs that are eligible under this section. This sec-tion is cross-referenced in the ‘‘alternatives to incarceration’’ piece of section 201 of the conference report, and should provide guid-ance on how grantees are to use grant funds received for veterans courts. Section 503.—Infant plan of safe care Section 503 incorporates text originally passed as part of the House amendment to S. 524 and responds to concerns about the in-creased number of infants born suffering from opioid withdrawal symptoms and en-sures states are in compliance with the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (CAPTA) . No corresponding provision was included in S. 524. This section requires the Department of HHS to review and confirm states have CAPTA policies in place as required under the law, strengthens protections for infants born with substance exposure by clarifying the intent of safe care plans, and requires the HHS Secretary to share best practices for developing plans to keep infants and their caregivers safe and healthy. It also im-proves accountability related to the care of infants and their families by requiring addi-tional information be shared on incidents of infants exposed and their subsequent care. Additionally, it encourages the use of infor-mation made available through other child welfare laws in verifying CAPTA compli-ance. Finally, section 503 prevents HHS from adding new requirements to state assurances and plans. Section 504—GAO report on Neonatal Absti-nence Syndrome (NAS) Section 504 requires the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States to, one year after enactment, issue a report on neonatal absti-nence syndrome (NAS), including informa-tion on the treatment for infants with NAS under Medicaid. Specifically, the report will examine what is known about the prevalence of NAS in the country; the Medicaid-reim-bursable services available to treat NAS; the types of, and reimbursement for care set-tings in which infants with NAS receive care; and any federal policy barriers for treating infants with NAS and what is known about best practices for caring for in-fants with NAS. Similar language was in-cluded in the House amendment. TITLE VI—INCENTIVIZING STATE COM-PREHENSIVE INITIATIVES TO AD-DRESS PRESCRIPTION OPIOID ABUSE Section 601—State demonstration grants for comprehensive opioid abuse response Section 601 of the conference report sup-ports State efforts to combat opioid abuse by authorizing HHS to award grants to States and combinations of States to carry out a comprehensive opioid abuse response, includ-ing education, treatment, and recovery ef-forts, maintaining prescription drug moni-toring programs, and efforts to prevent over-dose deaths. S. 524 included this language; there was no corresponding legislation in the House amendment. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS Section 701—Grant accountability and evalua-tions This section combines language that origi-nated in both the House and Senate on grant oversight. It requires the DOJ Inspector Gen-eral, at his or her discretion, to conduct au-dits of covered grantees to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds. This section pro-hibits grantees with unresolved audit find-ings from receiving grants in the following fiscal year, and prioritizes grantees that do not have unresolved audit findings. If a grantee nevertheless receives funds inappro-priately, this section also compels DOJ to re-imburse the Department of the Treasury for the amount awarded, and to seek to recoup the funds from the grantee. With respect to nonprofit organizations, this section prohibits nonprofits that hold money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding certain federal taxes from receiv-ing subawards from grant recipients. It also requires nonprofit organizations to disclose, in a grant application, the compensation of its board of directors. Finally, this section limits the use of grant funds for conference expenditures, and prevents the awarding of duplicative grants. This section also contains the provisions applicable to DOJ from Title VI of the House amendment to S. 524, the Opioid Program Evaluation (OPEN) Act, which did not have a Senate companion. It requires the Attor-ney General to complete an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program based upon the infor-mation reported by grantees not later than 5 years after the enactment of the Act. It re-quires the Attorney General to identify out-comes to be achieved under the Comprehen-sive Opioid Grant Abuse Program, and the metrics by which the achievement of such outcomes shall be determined, not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Act. This section provides that the Attorney General must require grantees and those re-ceiving subawards to collect and annually re-port data on the activities conducted using their grant funding. It requires that the At-torney General publish the outcomes and metrics to be used to evaluate the program not later than 30 days after identifying such outcomes and metrics, and that the entity conducting the evaluation publish the re-sults and issue a report to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees not later than 90 days after completion of the evaluation. It further requires the data collected from grantees to be published along with the re-port. Finally, this section requires that the At-torney General enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences—or another non-government entity with exper-tise in conducting and evaluating research pertaining to opioid use and abuse and draw-ing conclusions about overall opioid use and abuse on the basis of that research—to iden-tify the outcomes to be achieved, the metrics by which performance will be evaluated, and the evaluation of the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program. Section 701 also authorizes HHS to evalu-ate grants authorized within the Comprehen-sive Addiction Recovery Act and identify outcomes to be achieved by the programs, and metrics by which to measure those out-comes. This section also places restrictions on conference expenditures using funding under a grant program in this Act. Section 702—Partial fill of Schedule II con-trolled substances Section 702 clarifies that if a doctor or pa-tient requests a prescription for a Schedule II substance (such as an opioid) not be filled in its entirety, in accordance with state law; pharmacists are permitted to dispense only part of the prescription. This change could lead to fewer opioids being dispensed. The House amendment to CARA permitted more flexibility in filling Schedule II prescriptions such as opioids. Section 703—Good Samaritan Assessment This section includes the provisions of Title V of the House amendment to S. 524, the Good Samaritan Assessment Act, which did not have a Senate companion. It directs the GAO to issue a report to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees, the House Oversight and Government Reform Com-mittee, and the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, on the extent to which ONDCP has reviewed Good Samaritan laws and the findings from such a review; efforts by the ONDCP Director to en-courage the enactment of Good Samaritan laws; and a compilation of Good Samaritan laws in effect in the States, the territories, and the District of Columbia. Currently, more than half the states and the District of Columbia have some form of Good Samaritan law on the books, to protect citizens who render help to someone in need—or, in the context of opioids, to ex-empt from criminal or civil liability some-one who administers an opioid overdose re-versal drug or device, such as naloxone, or who calls 911 to report an overdose. Given the widespread activity in state leg-islatures on this issue, and the differences between individual state statutes, this sec-tion directs GAO to study and report to Con-gress on the effects of the various Good Sa-maritan laws at the state level, and efforts by ONDCP to address the issue. Section 704—Programs to prevent prescription drug abuse under Medicare Parts C and D Section 704 would allow prescription drug plans in Medicare, including Medicare Part D plans as well as standalone Medicare Ad-vantage Prescription Drug Plans, to develop a safe prescribing and dispensing program for beneficiaries that are at risk of abuse or di-version of drugs that are frequently abused or diverted. The provision allows the Sec-retary of HHS to work with private drug plan sponsors to facilitate the creation and management of ‘‘lock-in’’ programs to curb identified fraud, abuse, and misuse of pre-scribed medications while at the same time ensuring that legitimate beneficiary access to needed medications is not impeded. Such controls would prevent doctor/phar-macy shopping as well as duplicative and in-appropriate drug therapies that can lead to prescription drug abuse. The conference re-port gives the Secretary responsibility to de-fine an at-risk beneficiary using clinical guidelines developed in consultation with stakeholders. Plans would be able to identify enrolled Medicare beneficiaries deemed at high risk of abusing prescription drugs, and to limit such beneficiaries’ choice of pre-scribers or pharmacies in order to better monitor their use of these medications. For example, restrictions might be placed on beneficiaries suspected of abusing or resell-ing certain controlled substances, but not placed on beneficiaries with cancer or other conditions for which those drugs are consid-ered appropriate. Plan sponsors, under the conference report, would have to take into consideration where an at-risk beneficiary lives and works, as well as other relevant factors when assigning providers and phar-macies and would also consider the bene-ficiary’s preferences unless it is deemed the cause of potential abuse. Plan sponsors also will have to comply with a number of bene-ficiary protections including ensuring ac-cess, notifications and disclosure require-ments, as well as appeal rights. S. 524 in-cluded similar language. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.044 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4417 July 6, 2016 
Sections 705–707—Exempting abuse-deterrent formulations of prescription drugs from the Medicaid additional rebate requirement for new formulations of prescription drugs; lim-iting disclosure of predictive modeling and other analytics technologies to identify and prevent fraud, waste, and abuse; and Med-icaid improvement fund Sections 705–707 would exempt abuse deter-rent formulations of opioid drugs (ADFs) from the definition of ‘‘line extension’’ for the purpose of calculating Medicaid rebates. In its Opioids Action Plan, FDA said its goal is to ‘‘expand access to abuse deterrent for-mulations to discourage abuse.’’ And in its ADF guidance to manufacturers, the agency has said it ‘‘considers the development of these products a high public health pri-ority.’’ This policy was also included in the President’s FY 2017 Budget, which noted that this statutory change would ‘‘incentivize continued development of abuse deterrent formulations.’’ The budgetary impact of the ADF policy is being offset by a policy from the President’s budget that prevents the public disclosure of program integrity algorithms used to iden-tify and predict waste, fraud, and abuse in Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and places the remaining savings in a Medicaid Im-provement Fund. The mathematical algo-rithms and predictive technologies the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) uses in Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP are vital to uncovering fraud, waste, and abuse. However, if various aspects of these algorithms were to become publicly known, fraudsters could utilize the information to re-direct their schemes to other areas of the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs or adjust their schemes to avoid detection. This policy would simply prevent the disclosure of these anti-fraud tools through FOIA-re-lated laws while still allowing CMS and state Medicaid and CHIP programs to freely share algorithms and other predictive analytical tools. The conference provision is the same as the provision included in the House amend-ment. Section 708—Sense of Congress regarding treat-ment of substance abuse epidemics This section includes a Sense of Congress that decades of experience and research have demonstrated that a fiscally responsible ap-proach to addressing the opioid abuse epi-demic and other substance abuse epidemics requires treating such epidemics as a public health emergency emphasizing prevention, treatment, and recovery. TITLE VIII—KINGPIN DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT Section 801—Protection of classified information This section incorporates the provisions of Title IV of the House amendment to S. 524, which passed the House on May 10, 2016, and its Senate companion, S. 2914, the ‘‘Kingpin Designation Improvement Act.’’ The section amends Section 804 of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act to include language to protect classified information from disclo-sure during a federal court challenge by a designee. Under current law, the Treasury Depart-ment’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) uses the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) and the For-eign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (the ‘‘Kingpin Act’’) to target and apply sanc-tions to international narcotics traffickers and their organizations. The Kingpin Act is the principal mechanism by which OFAC sanctions foreign persons tied to global nar-cotics trafficking. OFAC’s designations are often based upon classified information. Unlike in a related federal statute, the Kingpin Act does not contain such a mechanism to protect classi-fied information from release during a ‘‘de- listing’’ process. That means OFAC may lose the opportunity to designate a high-level drug kingpin because it cannot risk the dis-closure of classified information. This section clarifies that OFAC can sub-mit classified information to defend its des-ignations ex parte and in camera in the rel-evant U.S. district court, thereby ensuring classified information can be protected from disclosure. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS Section 901—Short title Includes the title ‘‘Jason Simcakoski Me-morial and Promise Act.’’ Section 902—Definitions This section includes various definitions of terms used throughout Title IX. Section 911—Improvement of opioid safety meas-ures by the Department of Veterans Affairs This provision requires the Secretary to expand the Opioid Safety Initiative to in-clude all VA medical facilities within 180 days of enactment of this act, and would re-quire that all VA employees who prescribe opioids receive education and training on pain management and safe opioid prescribing practices. The Secretary would also be re-quired to establish enhanced standards with respect to the use of routine and random drug tests for all patients before and during opioid therapy. Directors of each medical fa-cility will be required to designate a pain management team of health care profes-sionals responsible for coordinating and overseeing pain management therapy and will provide an annual report identifying the members of the facility’s pain management team, certification as to education and training, and compliance with the stepped- care model or other pain management poli-cies. This provision also requires participa-tion in state prescription drug monitoring programs; a report on the feasibility and ad-visability of advanced real-time tracking of opioid use data in the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool; an increase in the availability of opioid receptor antagonists such as naloxone and a report on compliance; inclu-sion in the Opioid Therapy Risk Report tool of information identifying when health care providers access the tool and the most recent urine drug test for each veteran; and notifi-cation of opioid abuse risk in the computer-ized patient record system. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, in-cluded similar language. Section 912—Strengthening of joint working group on pain management of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and the Depart-ment of Defense H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, require that VA and the Department of Defense (DOD) ensure that the Health Executive Committee’s Pain Management Working Group (PMWG) includes a focus on the opioid prescribing practices of health care providers of each Department; the ability of each De-partment to manage acute and chronic pain, including training health care providers with respect to pain management; the use by each Department of complementary and integra-tive health; the concurrent use by health care providers of each Department of opioids and prescription drugs to treat mental health disorders, including benzodiazepines; the use of care transition plans by health care providers of each Department to address case management issues for patients receiv-ing opioid therapy who transition between inpatient and outpatient settings; coordina-tion in coverage of and consistent access to medications prescribed for patients transitioning from receiving health care from DOD to VA; and the ability of each De-partment to screen, identify, and treat pa-tients with substance use disorders who are seeking treatment for acute and chronic pain. This provision also ensures the PMWG co-ordinates its activities with other relevant working groups; consults with other relevant federal agencies, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; consults with the VA and DOD with respect to the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Man-agement of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain; and reviews and comments on the guideline before any update to such guideline is re-leased. This provision requires VA and DOD to jointly update the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain within 180 days of enact-ment. This provision requires that the PMWG, in coordination with the Clinical Practice Guideline VA/DOD Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain Working Group, examine whether the guidelines should include numerous elements. The ele-ments to be considered include, but are not limited to, enhanced guidance with respect to: opioid and other drug prescription prac-tices; treatment of patients with behaviors or comorbidities that require co-manage-ment of opioid therapy; patient status as-sessments conducted by providers; govern-ance of the methodologies used by VA and DOD providers to taper opioid therapy; ap-propriate case management for opioid pa-tients transitioning from an inpatient set-ting to an outpatient setting; appropriate case management for opioid patients transitioning from active duty to post-mili-tary health care networks; how providers should discuss with patients options for pain management therapies before initiating opioid therapy; provision of evidence-based non-opioid treatments within VA and DOD; and consideration of guidelines developed by CDC for safely prescribing opioids. Section 913—Review, investigation, and report on use of opioids in treatment by Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs This provision requires GAO, not later than 2 years after enactment, to submit a re-port on the Opioid Safety Initiative and the opioid prescribing practices of VA health care providers. This provision also requires semi-annual progress reports on the imple-mentation of any GAO recommendations generated by this report. The Secretary must also review and report annually on the patient population receiving opioid therapy and the prescription rates of each medical facility and conduct investigations, through the Office of the Medical Inspector, on pre-scription rates that conflict with or are oth-erwise inconsistent with the standards of ap-propriate and safe care. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, in-cluded similar language. Section 914—Mandatory disclosure of certain veteran information to state controlled sub-stance monitoring programs This provision includes the H.R. 4063, as re-ported, language requiring that VA providers shall disclose certain veteran information to state controlled substance monitoring pro-grams. Section 915—Elimination of copayment require-ment for veterans receiving opioid antago-nists or education on use of opioid antago-nists This provision includes the S. 2921, as re-ported, language that would eliminate the copayment requirement for veterans receiv-ing opioid antagonists or education on the use of opioid antagonists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.045 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4418 July 6, 2016 
Section 921—Community meetings on improving care furnished by Department of Veterans Affairs This provision requires that, within 90 days of the enactment of this act, and quarterly thereafter, each VA medical facility hosts a public community meeting on improving VA health care; and within one year of the en-actment of this act, and at least annually thereafter, that each community-based out-patient clinic (CBOC) hosts such a commu-nity meeting. These meetings will require regular senior leadership attendance and no-tice will be given to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House and of the Senate and the Members of Congress who represent the area in which the facility is located at least ten days in advance. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, in-cluded similar language. Section 922—Improvement of awareness of Pa-tient Advocacy Program and Patient Bill of Rights of Department of Veterans Affairs This provision would require, within 90 days of the enactment of this act, the dis-play of, in as many prominent locations as the Secretary determines appropriate to be seen by the largest percentage of patients at each VA medical facility: (1) the purposes of the VA Patient Advocacy Program and the contact information for the patient advocate at each medical facility; and (2) the rights and responsibilities of patients and family members and, with respect to community living centers and other VA residential fa-cilities. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, in-cluded similar language. Section 923—Comptroller General report on Pa-tient Advocacy Programs of Department of Veterans Affairs Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921 require that, within two years of the enactment of this act, GAO submit a report on the VA Patient Advocacy Program to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House and of the Senate. The report will include: (1) a descrip-tion of the Program, including the Pro-gram’s purpose, activities, and sufficiency in achieving its purpose; (2) an assessment of the sufficiency of the Program’s staffing; (3) an assessment of the Program’s employee training; (4) an assessment of veterans’ and family members’ awareness of and utiliza-tion of the Program; (5) recommendations for improving the Program; and (6) any other information the GAO considers appropriate. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, in-cluded similar language. Section 924—Establishment of office of patient advocacy of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs This section establishes an office of pa-tient advocacy within the Office of the Un-dersecretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs. This office will ensure pa-tient advocates appropriately advocate for veteran patients and are trained in their re-sponsibilities. Section 931—Expansion of research and edu-cation on and delivery of complementary and integrative health to veterans H.R. 4063, as reported, establishes a Com-mission to examine the evidence-based ther-apy treatment model used by VA for treating mental health conditions of veterans and the potential benefits of incorporating com-plementary and integrative health as stand-ard practice throughout the Department. The Commission would: (1) examine the effi-cacy of the evidence-based therapy model used by VA to treat mental health illnesses and identify areas of improvement; (2) con-duct a patient-centered survey within each VISN to examine: the experiences of vet-erans with VA facilities regarding mental health care, the experiences of veterans with non-VA facilities regarding mental health care, the preferences of veterans regarding available treatment for mental health issues and which methods the veterans believe to be most effective, the experience, if any, of veterans with respect to the complementary and integrative health treatment therapies, the prevalence of prescribing medication to veterans seeking treatment for mental health disorders through VA, and the out-reach efforts of VA regarding the avail-ability of benefits and treatments for vet-erans for addressing mental health issues; (3) examine available research on complemen-tary and integrative health for mental health disorders in areas of therapy includ-ing: music therapy, equine therapy, training and caring for service dogs, yoga therapy, acupuncture therapy, meditation therapy, outdoor sports therapy, hyperbaric oxygen therapy, accelerated resolution therapy, art therapy, magnetic resonance therapy, and others; (4) study the sufficiency of VA re-sources to deliver quality mental health care; and (5) study the current treatments and resources available within VA and as-sess: the effectiveness of such treatments and resources in decreasing the number of suicides per day by veterans, the number of veterans who have been diagnosed with men-tal health issues, the percentage of veterans who have completed VA counseling sessions, and the efforts of VA to expand complemen-tary and integrative health treatments via-ble to the recovery of veterans with mental health issues as determined by the Secretary to improve the effectiveness of treatments offered by VA. Section 932—Pilot program on integration of complementary and integrative health and related issues for veterans and family mem-bers of veterans The provision requires that the Secretary, informed by the Commission’s findings, com-mence a pilot program to assess the feasi-bility and advisability of using wellness- based programs to complement pain manage-ment and related health care services. The pilot program would last for three years and be carried out at no fewer than 15 VA facili-ties providing pain management, two of which must be polytrauma centers. The Sec-retary should prioritize medical centers at which there is a prescription rate that is in-consistent with the standards of appropriate care when selecting medical centers for the pilot. The Secretary will report on findings and conclusions regarding the use and effi-cacy of complementary and integrative health services established under the pilot program, the outreach conducted by VA about the pilot, and an assessment of the benefit of the pilot program to covered vet-erans, as well as identify any unresolved bar-riers to VA’s use of complementary and inte-grative medicine, and make recommenda-tions for the continuation or expansion of the pilot program. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, in-cluded similar language. Section 941—Additional requirements for hiring of health care providers by Department of Veterans Affairs This provision would require that, as part of the hiring process for all heath care pro-viders considered for a position after the date of the enactment of this act, that the Secretary require from the medical board of the State in which the applicant is licensed: (1) information on any violations of the re-quirements of medical license over the pre-vious 20 years; and (2) information on wheth-er the provider has entered into any settle-ment agreements for disciplinary charges re-lated to the practice of medicine. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, in-cluded similar language. Section 942—Provision of information on health care providers of Department of Veterans Affairs to state medical boards This provision would require that VA pro-vide to the medical board of each State in which the provider is licensed information regarding violations, regardless of whether the board has requested such information. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, in-cluded similar language. Section 943—Report on compliance by Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs with reviews of health care providers leaving the depart-ment or transferring to other facilities This provision would require that, within 180 days of the enactment of this act, that the Secretary submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House and of the Senate a report on VA’s compliance with VA policy to conduct a review of each provider who transfers from another VA medical fa-cility, retires, or is terminated, and to take appropriate actions with respect to any con-cerns, complaints, or allegations against the provider. Both H.R. 4063 and S. 2921, as reported, in-cluded similar language. Section 951—Modification to limitation on bonus and awards This provision limits the amounts of funds available for payment as bonuses and awards and directs those amounts now available within the budget toward the payment for the programs and services directed in this title. This section also includes a Sense of Con-gress that states the limitation under this subsection should not disproportionately im-pact lower-wage employees within the VA. E
ARMARK , LIMITED TAXBENEFITS , AND L
IMITED TARIFF BENEFITS  In compliance with clause 9(e), 9(f), and 9(g) of Rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the conference report and joint explanatory statement contain no ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits. C
ONSTITUTIONAL STATEMENT OF AUTHORITY  Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. For consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendments, and modifications com-mitted to conference: F
REDUPTON , J
OSEPH R. P ITTS, L
EONARD LANCE , B
RETT GUTHRIE , A
DAMKINZINGER , L
ARRY BUCSHON , S
USAN W. B ROOKS , B
OBGOODLATTE , F. J
AMES SENSENBRENNER , Jr., L
AMAR SMITH, T
OMMARINO , D
OUGCOLLINS , D
AVID A. T ROTT , M
IKEBISHOP , K
EVIN MCCARTHY , From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of title VII of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: L
OUBARLETTA , E
ARLL. ‘‘B UDDY ’’ CARTER , From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of title III of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: G
USM. B ILIRAKIS , J
ACKIE WALORSKI , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.046 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4419 July 6, 2016 
From the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of sec. 705 of the Senate bill, and sec. 804 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: P
ATRICK MEEHAN , R
OBERT J. D OLD, Managers on the Part of the House. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , L
AMAR ALEXANDER , O
RRIN G. H ATCH , J
EFFSESSIONS , Managers on the Part of the Senate. f 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GEN-ERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 794 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5485. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) kindly resume the chair. b1914 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for finan-cial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) had been sustained. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Re-port 114–639, amendments en bloc de-scribed in section 3 of House Resolu-tion 794, and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of that resolu-tion. Each amendment printed in the re-port shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 794, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appro-priations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations or their re-spective designees, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 794, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective des-ignees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. b1915 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, I would like to say a few words about the fiscal year 2017 Fi-nancial Services Appropriations Act. I have been privileged to serve on the subcommittee since the beginning of the 114th Congress. I first want to com-mend the excellent work of Chairman C
RENSHAW , who will be retiring at the end of this Congress, Ranking Member S
ERRANO , as well as the staffs of both the majority and the minority. Unfortunately, I will have to oppose this bill on final passage for a number of reasons. For example, I know that it is not the most popular or even the most politically wise thing to defend the Internal Revenue Service, but it does not make any sense to complain about the work of the IRS and then slash its ability to function by cutting its budget $246 million below the FY 2016 level and $1.4 billion below the President’s budget request. Severe budget cuts have led to fewer audits, longer appeals, delayed refunds, and poorer service for the American people. It has also led to billions of dol-lars in lost tax revenue, money that could be used to repair our Nation’s in-frastructure or reduce the deficit. In-stead, the cuts have only served to line the pockets of tax cheats, people who can’t be audited and have collection by the Internal Revenue Service. Taxpayer Services, however, does get funding at the amount requested, which is a positive step for turning around the IRS’ customer service issues. At the very least, it is encour-aging to see the Congress taking the first steps to improving customer serv-ice and tax compliance—resulting from unfair and unnecessary political at-tacks on the agency—but now they are taking it seriously. I am also concerned that the FY 2017 Financial Services Appropriations Act contains a number of contentious pol-icy riders that will hinder the govern-ment’s ability to do its job. First of all, the bill unnecessarily micromanages the District of Columbia’s budget and its laws, restricting home rule and the ability of the District of Columbia to manage its own finances. Also, the Federal Communications Commission is prohibited from imple-menting its popular net neutrality rules until all lawsuits contesting the rules have been resolved. The Commis-sion has carefully tailored these rules to ensure approval by the courts, and the provision simply delays the imple-mentation of consumer and small busi-ness protection from unscrupulous business practices. The bill severely undermines the Af-fordable Care Act by prohibiting funds to implement the individual mandate and the transfer of funds to the IRS for the use of implementing the Affordable Care Act. Additionally, the bill inhibits cor-porate transparency by blocking the Securities and Exchange Commission from requesting information on polit-ical contributions by corporations. Finally, it continues to prohibit indi-viduals traveling to Cuba for edu-cational exchanges outside of a degree program. That policy is a relic of the last century, and it has absolutely no part in today’s globalized economy. As I said, I cannot support the FY 2017 Financial Services Appropriations Act as it currently stands. While we are still in tough economic times, this bill contains too many harmful policies and does not allocate the resources in a way to grow our Nation’s economy. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 22, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, we can raise living standards for working fam-ilies across the country if we use Fed-eral dollars to create good jobs. My amendment would reprogram funds to create an Office of Good Jobs in the Treasury Department that would help ensure the Department’s procurement, grant making, and regu-latory decisions to encourage the cre-ation of good, decently paid jobs, col-lective bargaining rights, and respon-sible employment practices. Mr. Chairman, I am actually a little bit shocked to know that right now the U.S. Government is America’s leading low-wage job creator, funding over 2 million poverty jobs through contracts, loans, and grants with corporate Amer-ica. That is more than the total num-ber of low-wage workers employed by Walmart and McDonald’s combined. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Oct 13, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\H06JY6.REC H06JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4420 July 6, 2016 
U.S. contract workers earn so little, Mr. Chairman, that nearly 40 percent of them use public assistance, like food stamps, Section 8, and Medicaid, to feed and shelter their families. To add insult to injury, many of these low- wage U.S. contract workers are driven deeper into poverty because their em-ployers steal their wages and break other Federal employment and labor laws. It is intended that the appropriation for sala-ries and expenses at the United States Treas-ury Department be used to establish an Office of Good Jobs in the Department aimed at en-suring that the Department’s procurement, grant-making, and regulatory decisions en-courage the creation of decently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible employment practices. The office’s structure shall be substantially similar to the Centers for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships located within the Department of Education, Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, Department of Homeland Security, De-partment of Health and Human Services, De-partment of Labor, Department of Agriculture, and Department of Commerce, Department of Veterans Affairs, U.S. Department of State, Small Business Administration, Environmental Protection Agency, the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service, and U.S. Agen-cy for International Development. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), the ranking member. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment. The aim of this amendment is to cre-ate an Office of Good Jobs within the Department of the Treasury. This of-fice would help ensure that the Treas-ury makes contracting and employ-ment decisions encouraging the cre-ation of decently paid jobs, implemen-tation of fair labor practices, and re-sponsible employment practices. The Federal Government ought to be setting an example for the Nation when it comes to contracting decisions. Members of Congress who are com-mitted to creating good-paying jobs and supporting workers have a chance with this amendment to see those val-ues reflected throughout our govern-ment. This office will help guide the Treas-ury to make responsible contracting and employment decisions and do right by the countless men and women who help us perform the Nation’s business each and every day. I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is duplicative and ignores the existing contractor award system that we already have in place. Con-tracting officers must already consult the system for award management to ensure a contractor can be awarded a contract. Businesses on the excluded parties list systems have been suspended or debarred through a due process system and may not be eligible to receive or renew Federal contracts for cited of-fenses. So the best way to ensure that the government contracts provide grants to the best employers is to en-force the existing suspension and de-barment system. Bad actors who are in violation of the basic worker protections should not be awarded Federal contracts. Ev-erybody agrees with that. That is why the Federal Government has already got a system in place to deny Federal contracts to bad actors. If a contractor fails to maintain high standards of in-tegrity and business ethics, agencies already have the authority to suspend or debar the employer from govern-ment contracting. In 2014, for instance, Federal agencies issued more than 1,000 suspensions and nearly 2,000 debarments to employees who bid on Federal contracts. This amendment is just going to delay the procurement process, with harmful consequences. On numerous occasions, the nonpartisan Government Account-ability Office has highlighted costly litigation stemming from the complex regulatory rules, including from the Fair Labor Standards Act. So this amendment simply punishes employers who may unknowingly or unwillingly get caught in the Federal Government’s maze of bureaucratic rules and reporting requirements. The procurement process is already plagued by delays and beneficiaries. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 2
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, this is not duplicative. This amendment actu-ally is not about debarment. Debar-ment says that, if you are the worst actor, you are going to get a sanction. This amendment says we are going to prioritize contractors who have good employment practices. Imagine yourself being a businessper-son with a government contract and you are over here trying to make sure that you are respecting the union that the workers may have. You are making sure you never get hit with wage theft. You are making sure that you have a good benefits program for your employ-ers. You are a good employer, the kind that we want to have working for the Federal Government, yet you are com-peting with somebody who does the bare minimum they can do to avoid de-barment. That is the mistake that the gen-tleman from Florida is making. The Office of Good Jobs would prioritize good employers who make it a priority to say that we value our employees, we are not going to pay them the very least we can get by with, we are not going to try to force them on govern-ment benefits by not paying them a fair wage. It should be compelling to all of us that 40 percent of contract workers make so little that they are eligible for government welfare programs. These are people who work. They are people who work a job. They might be work-ing at McDonald’s, they might be doing cleanup in a Federal building, or they might be doing any number of jobs; but if somebody is making meals for our heroes at the Pentagon, I think they ought to be able to get a fair, decent job, and there ought to be somebody out there who makes sure that it hap-pens. If there is no one to make sure that it happens, it won’t happen. That is why our government, today, funds more low-wage jobs than Walmart or McDonald’s combined. It is time to end this race to the bot-tom. It is time to say that the biggest buyer of goods and services in the world, the United States, should use its power to promote good jobs, not get-by jobs, not substandard jobs that barely eke past debarment, but good jobs. I would think that everybody in this body would want to use the dollar that way. I think the American taxpayer would want to use the dollar that way. What if the American taxpayer knew that the Federal contractors are pay-ing 40 percent of the workers so little that these workers actually are eligible for welfare programs though they work hard every single day? Mr. Chairman, we ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment, because I think that everybody in this body wants to see good jobs for the Amer-ican people. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. b1930 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 21, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $20,748,545)’’. Page 8, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $15,270,929)’’. Page 9, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $239,231)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.108 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4421 July 6, 2016 
Page 9, line 11, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $497,965)’’. Page 9, line 19, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,327,907)’’. Page 10, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,576,889)’’. Page 10, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,074,855)’’. Page 10, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $165,988)’’. Page 10, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $24,898)’’. Page 265, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,748,545)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The House Financial Services Com-mittee, in conjunction with the Judici-ary Committee, has been engaging in an investigation in regard to bank set-tlement agreements that were reached that created a slush fund to drive money to third-party organizations. Now, that is offensive because, if we look at our Constitution, it is the Con-gress that is supposed to appropriate, not the administration, not the DOJ, but the Congress. In these bank settle-ment agreements, you have the admin-istration, along with approval from the judiciary, actually appropriating money to groups that this institution did not approve. So, to be clear, we are looking at funding for CDFI. My amendment will reduce that funding by $20.7 million. So before you are all shocked, let’s actu-ally talk about the numbers. The com-mittee has increased funding by $16.5 million, bringing the number from $233.5 million to $250 million. That is an over 7 percent increase in funding for CDFI. But if you add in the money that came from the bank settlements, the $45 billion from bank settlements, this is a $62 million increase or, as a per-centage, it is 26 percent of an increase for CDFI. It is huge. If we want to in-crease that funding by 26 percent, that is our decision, in this House, not the DOJ, not the President, not the judici-ary. It is our decision. So all I do is say: Hey, let’s bring this back by $20 million. That is all. And still, if you include the $16 million that is currently in the bill, and then the $25 million that they got from the slush fund, it is still a 17 percent in-crease. This makes sense. I ask you all to join my amendment, join in a little ef-fort to stand up for Article I of the Constitution, and do what is right. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. This happens to be one of the most bipartisan accounts in the bill, and it is a lean program; it fills a niche that provides capital and credit in areas where often it is dif-ficult. These are competitive grants and it is complicated to a certain ex-tent. It is not as simple as just kind of flowing money back and forth. So I just want to urge people, to say: We don’t want to reduce the funding in these areas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ), the ranking member. Mr. SERRANO. I thank the chair-man. I was going to open up by saying the same thing: This is probably the most bipartisan account that we have in this bill and it has been for years. I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. This amendment would slash funding for the Community De-velopment Financial Institutions Fund, or CDFI Fund, by $20.7 million. This is a harmful and totally mis-guided cut. The fact is that the CDFI Fund helps generate economic growth and oppor-tunity in some of our Nation’s most distressed communities. The Fund sup-ports financial institutions recognized for their expertise in providing services and support to distressed communities. These institutions leverage Federal funds to draw in new or increase sources of private funding. According to the description provided to the Rules Committee, the gentle-man’s amendment says: to ‘‘offset an inappropriate augmentation of this ac-count outside the appropriations proc-ess by the Department of Justice through settlement agreements, which required banks to donate $20.7 million to certified CDFI entities.’’ But the fact is that the Fund is not receiving money from DOJ or from any bank. It is completely inaccurate and inappropriate to reduce the CDFI Fund in any amount as a result of the gen-tleman’s assertion. Any settlement with banks for fraud-ulent activity during or leading up to the financial crisis was delivered by banks directly to CDFIs. At no point has the Fund benefited or seen an in-crease in funding as a result. The fact that some of our large banks have entered into civil settlements with the Department of Justice should not even enter into this discussion. The fact is that the need for investment in these communities is far greater than the resources that have been provided. The passage of this amendment would do a great deal of harm. We are not just talking about cutting $20.7 million from the Fund. Because of the leveraging of private sector invest-ment, we are actually talking about an amendment that would effectively cut many times that number of investment in job creation, community facilities, and housing. I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in strong opposition to Mr. DUFFY ’s amendment. I have listened to his arguments very closely. My inter-est in this is the American Indian and Alaska Native and Hawaiian Native. My interest is because this program, the CDFI, is the one program where they have access to moneys, and they cannot get it from the standard lending institutions for their businesses that they are trying to create. And it has worked successfully in Alaska and in the lower 48, too. I would suggest, respectfully, that a lot of people don’t understand, we don’t have a road system. Most of our—in fact, all of our villages don’t have banks, and this program can work and does work very well to try to improve their lot. And I say they have been suc-cessful at creating new jobs that create money. Mr. Chairman, I would like to sug-gest one thing. I listened to these argu-ments about the money we are appro-priating, and I wish everybody would understand in this body we cannot cre-ate jobs by creating government jobs. That is not real money. That is money that is being consumed. And this body has been neglectful in creating jobs from resources and manufacturing from, have not supported, nor have they made the suggestion that this should be done. So we talk about these programs, we need to have money available to create jobs that create real money, and a lot of this is done in the rural commu-nities in my State of Alaska and the Indian country in the lower 48. So I suggest the gentleman has a point, but not a strong enough point to have me vote for his amendment. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I heard the gentleman from across the aisle talk about harmful cuts. When you look at the money that is going to this program, CDFI, even with my reduction, there is a $41 billion in-crease, or a 17 percent increase in fund-ing. You can’t disregard the money that went from the bank settlements. That is money that we should have ap-propriated. That has been taken from us, but we have to consider it. You can’t not consider it. I listened to the debate in this Cham-ber among my colleagues, especially on the right, and they talk about: Oh, my goodness, we need to regain congres-sional authority, we want to start an Article I movement where we actually control spending. Well, hey, here is your opportunity. When the Department of Justice and the administration circumvent the Congress, we should take it seriously, and we should take into account the money that they appropriated through a bank settlement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.036 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4422 July 6, 2016 
I also hear my colleagues talk about: Oh, my gosh, we have a really big debt, $19 trillion in debt is going to tank our economy. And I agree. If you care about $19 trillion in debt, we can re-duce this fund by $20 million, and still have it $41 million more than it was last year. And, oh, by the way, this appropria-tions is $3 million more than the Presi-dent’s request, so we are not harming the Fund. We are not harming people. More money is going to CDFI. It is just that we are considering the amount of money that came through bank settle-ments that circumvented Congress, and I think that is only appropriate. I would ask all of my colleagues to join with me and do what is right by this institution, and do what is right by way of our debt and our next gen-eration, and make sure that we con-sider those bank settlements, and re-duce this fund by $20.7 million. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I wish it were as simple as the gen-tleman suggests. But it is important to realize this amendment would literally reduce almost every program in the CDFI. And remember, these funding cuts would devastate some of our Na-tion’s most distressed populations, in-cluding Native Americans and people with disabilities, people in rural com-munities. So I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . BECERRA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 127. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Secret money is killing our democ-racy. More and more, our elections are being driven by organizations that are receiving hundreds of millions of dol-lars in secret donations. We don’t know and can’t find out who is giving all this money. These secret organizations use the Tax Code to hide the source of their money by operating under a law meant for not-for-profit social welfare organi-zations. These organizations get tax- exempt treatment and don’t have to re-port the donors of their dollars. The result is this: What was meant to be for a social welfare organization, or-ganizations we would recognize, like voluntary fire departments or the NAACP, all those organizations are now being used as cover by other orga-nizations which are using the Tax Code to be able to spend hundreds of mil-lions of dollars driving our elections every year now; so much so that, today, those organizations that are so- called social welfare organizations are spending more money than the polit-ical parties, the Democratic political party and the Republican political party, spend combined. In 2006, these so-called social welfare organizations spent about $1.5 million campaigning, politicking. In 2012, our last Presidential election, these so- called social welfare organizations spent more than $257 million, more than the two political parties spent in 2012 for the Presidential elections. Mr. Chairman, there is a provision in this bill that would prevent the IRS from giving guidance to make sure that no one is abusing the Tax Code to influence our politics, and I simply have an amendment that would strike that provision, so that the IRS could tell us what is a social welfare organi-zation and what is really a political or-ganization, so we don’t give special tax treatment to these so-called social wel-fare organizations that are really poli-ticking and we don’t let them hide be-hind that particular tax provision to hide the names of their donors. We have no idea who is giving this money and, Mr. Chairman, it is time for us to have transparency and open-ness in our election system, not hide this. Secret money is killing our elec-tions. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, first, let me say that the IRS made a real mess of this 501(c)(4). You remem-ber, that was the section of the Code that they used to single out individuals and groups of individuals based on their political philosophy, then they went around to intimidate them, to bully them, to put extra scrutiny on them, and they made a real mess of it. But let me interrupt my opposition to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), my good friend, the ranking member, to speak in support, and then I will con-tinue. Mr. SERRANO. That will confuse some people. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of the amendment. This amendment would strike language that prevents reform of the 501(c)(4) rules that have caused con-fusion and abuse in the campaign fi-nancial field. We have heard from a number of charities and foundations that these rules governing electoral campaign ac-tivity must be made more clear and be effectively enforced. The language in the underlying bill prevents that and should be stricken. I urge support for the amendment, and I thank my chairman for the minute. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BECERRA. Can the Chairman let me know how much time remains? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 21⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ). Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. I thank my distinguished colleague from California for yielding time. Mr. Chairman, in the 2012 Presi-dential election, dark money groups such as these spent over a quarter bil-lion dollars on partisan political cam-paign activities. In 2014, we saw the greatest wave of secret special interest money ever raised in a congressional election. b1945 In 2016, dark money groups have spent nearly 10 times what they did at the same point last year. We must ensure that social welfare groups exclusively spend their money on their social welfare mission like early childhood education or veterans’ assistance. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote for this sensible amendment to help ensure that our elections are transparent. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ). Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment offered by Mr. B
ECERRA . Special interest groups have increas-ingly been raising dark money for po-litical campaigns by exploiting loop-holes in IRS regulations. These groups designate themselves as 501(c)(4) or so-cial welfare organizations, which al-lows them to operate tax exempt and raise unlimited money completely anonymously. Tax-exempt status was intended to be limited to social welfare organiza-tions that focus on just that—the so-cial welfare—not political activity. But IRS audits of these organization can take years, and at that point, the dam-age is already done. The announcement that the IRS would release clearer guidelines on what constitutes candidate-related po-litical activity should have been wel-comed, not blocked by a rider. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.113 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4423 July 6, 2016 
Real campaign finance reform is still needed, and passing this amendment striking the rider would be an impor-tant step to help the IRS clamp down on organizations illegally funneling anonymous, unregulated money in our elections. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time to close. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, when you make a con-tribution to the local volunteer fire de-partment, you know what the money will be used for. When you make a con-tribution to the League of Women Vot-ers, you know what the contribution will be used for. When you make a con-tribution to the NAACP, you know what the contribution will be used for. There are a whole bunch of organiza-tions that we don’t understand why they are using their money for some-thing other than social welfare. They are influencing our elections. It has to stop. We can’t even find out what the source of the money is. It could be money laundered from some drug sale. It could be money from some foreign government. We don’t know where the money from some of these organiza-tions is coming from to influence our elections. It is time for us to have clarity. This provision in this bill has no reason, no purpose, to be here. It simply keeps se-cret the dark money that influences our elections. My amendment simply strikes that provision so that the IRS can give us clarity on who can and who cannot use tax-exempt laws to try to be a social welfare organization. It is time for us to have clarity in the law. Get rid of secret money. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to vote for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, as I said, the IRS made an incredible mess of this section of the IRS code, the 501(c)(4). After they messed it up and they intimidated people and they bullied folks, then they said: Well, let’s just write a new regulation. So in 2013 they came along and said: Here is how we are going to determine tax-exempt status. A lot of people said: Well, here is an effort to just kind of shut down free-dom of speech. What is interesting is, instead of clearing the air, the IRS generated this incredible firestorm of criticism from all across the political spectrum. Not surprisingly, the American Center for Law and Justice, which represents Tea Party organizations targeted by the IRS, described the regulation as an at-tack on free speech. But among the other 160,000 com-ments that came, the American Civil Liberties Union said: ‘‘The proposed rule threatens to discourage or steri-lize an enormous amount of political discourse in America.’’ The IRS has got plenty to do. They always complain they don’t have enough money. They don’t need to go out and try to write a new rule to kind of clear the air of what they messed up a couple of years ago. The only thing this new regulation did was it just kind of united liberals and conservatives. So the best thing to do is leave it like it is and reject this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 84, beginning on line 13, strike sec-tion 506. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to join with Ranking Member J
OHNSON to strike section 506 of this appropriations bill. This is another anti-consumer pro-vision inserted into a funding bill. It actually doesn’t belong here. The language I ask my colleagues to remove restricts the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau’s ability to curb mandatory arbitration in consumer contracts. Last month, the CFPB pro-posed prohibitions on class action law-suits and mandatory pre-dispute man-datory arbitration in financial con-tracts. I strongly supported the CFPB’s ac-tions. We must limit this well-known scourge on the rights of everyday Americans: forced arbitration clauses. People talk about how the rules are rigged. They say the deck is stacked in favor of powerful interests. Forced ar-bitration clauses are a perfect example of an unfair system. Powerful corpora-tions rig the rules to make it more dif-ficult for people to hold companies ac-countable for wrongdoing. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHN-
SON). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of the Ellison amendment, which strikes section 506 from the bill, a deeply flawed provision that would restrict the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau’s ability to fulfill its statutory mandate to regu-late pre-dispute mandatory arbitration clauses in contracts for financial prod-ucts and services. Over the past several decades, forced arbitration clauses have proliferated in countless consumer, employment, and small-business contracts depriving countless Americans of their right to a jury trial in a court of law while insu-lating corporations from public ac-countability. That is why when Con-gress passed the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010, we explicitly empowered the CFPB to study pre-dispute forced arbi-tration, and then based on the study’s results, ban or limit the practice through regulation. In March 2015, the CFPB issued a seminal report finding that forced arbi-tration agreements restrict consumers’ access to relief in disputes involving fi-nancial services and products. As over-whelmingly and methodically docu-mented in this report, the CFPB con-firmed what we already knew, that forced arbitration clauses blocked con-sumers from suing wrongdoers in court individually or in class action lawsuits. Now it is time for the CFPB to en-sure that consumers have their day in court by adopting a strong rule ban-ning forced arbitration clauses in con-tracts for financial services and prod-ucts. This amendment ensures that the CFPB can do just that. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Ellison amendment. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. WOODALL ). The gentleman from Florida is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
OMACK ), a valued mem-ber of our subcommittee. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for the time and also his great work as chairman of the subcommittee. As a proud member of the subcommittee, we are going to miss Mr. C
RENSHAW . It has been a de-light to work with him as well as the ranking member, Mr. S
ERRANO , for his tireless effort on behalf of these issues. Mr. Chairman, for 90 years—for 90 years—Federal law has protected the enforceability of arbitration agree-ments because arbitration provides an alternative method of resolving dis-putes that is quicker and cheaper than the expensive, overburdened court sys-tem. Hundreds of millions of contracts are based on this principle: credit card con-tracts, checking accounts, Internet agreements, cell phones, and cable TV. There are dozens of contracts that have this provision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.116 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4424 July 6, 2016 
Don’t let my colleagues across the aisle fool you on this subject. Arbitra-tion empowers individuals. Injured par-ties can obtain fair resolution of dis-putes without the need of an attorney. But many oppose this approach, par-ticularly plaintiffs’ attorneys, because arbitration proceedings can’t be used to bring lawyer-driven class actions that provide millions in legal fees but little or no benefit to the consumer. Dodd-Frank authorized the CFPB to conduct a study of arbitration and at the same time granted CFPB authority to promulgate a regulation for related products or services within the bu-reau’s jurisdiction. However, this au-thority was caveated, Mr. Chairman, with the requirement that any rule be in the public interest and for protec-tion of consumers while remaining con-sistent with the results of the bureau’s arbitration study. Mr. Chairman, Congress wanted any regulation to be based on a fair, com-plete study of real-world implications of regulating or banning arbitration. Yet, CFPB’s study—which led to its May, 2016, proposed regulation effec-tively eliminating arbitration—fell far short of the requirements set by Con-gress. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. WOMACK. So, Mr. Chairman, that is why the Appropriations Com-mittee approved language in our bill to address this issue, and we did so unani-mously. Now Congress has to step in again to restore basic fairness to the effort to regulate arbitration. Section 506 of this bill simply ensures that no rule issued by the bureau shall be effective until the bureau evaluates the costs and benefits to consumers as-sociated with conditioning or limiting the use of arbitration and specifically, Mr. Chairman, finds that the demon-strable benefits of the rule outweigh the costs to consumers. Any attempt to strike it would be misguided. So, Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment by the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have re-maining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 2 minutes remain-ing. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, if you live in Min-nesota and you get into a dispute with a bank over a bank account, a credit card or a cell phone company, well, that might just be too bad because the arbitration court is in Delaware. You can pack up and move to a hotel for a week. You don’t have any other option. Instead of an impartial judge, your case is going to be decided by an arbi-trator chosen and paid for by the firm. What if the arbitrator makes a mis-take in ruling? We have appellate courts for a rea-son. If you have forced arbitration and the arbiter makes a mistake, that is too bad for you. The ruling likely can-not be repealed or reversed. Do you want to know what happened to other people who may have had the same problem with the company? You are out of luck there, too, be-cause the documents and the arbitra-tor’s decisions are not publicly avail-able. This is unfair, and it is wrong. It is no way to treat consumers in our coun-try. We should strike this improper provision. We should accord the CFPB with the respect it really does deserve because they examine this issue care-fully in the public interests. Strike section 506 of this appropria-tions bill. It doesn’t belong there. It is anticonsumer, and both Republicans and Democrats have consumers in our districts, and I hope that they are fol-lowing this debate. Because when they find that a financial product with a forced arbitration clause is hurting them and their family, they are going to know who stood up for them. I hope all Members, as they choose their vote on this particular bill, think carefully about who is on their side and who isn’t. b2000 I would just like to add, as I close, that we should split the CFPB’s efforts to allow Americans to join our claims together and hold financial companies accountable when they make mistakes and when they break the law. We should encourage, not prevent, a fair fi-nancial marketplace. If you want a fair system, if you want greater economic freedom, then those mandatory arbi-tration clauses need to stop. Please support the Ellison-Johnson amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, for 9 years arbitration agreements have been legal, and they have been upheld by the courts. They provide an alter-native method of resolving disputes. They are quicker and cheaper than the slow, more expensive court system. The provision in our bill before you merely requires the CFPB to stop and further study the use of arbitration be-fore moving forward with this arbitra-tion rule. In their own study, it is noted that consumers didn’t select financial prod-ucts like credit cards or cell phones based on whether they were subject to dispute resolution clauses or may re-quire arbitration. And actually, studies have shown that consumers receive more compensation in arbitration than they do in class action. So you have to ask yourself: Why is the CFPB trying to go after something consumers say they don’t care about but actually fi-nancially benefit from? I urge rejection of this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). The question is on the amend-ment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–639. 
PERMISSION TO CONSIDER AMENDMENT NOS . 5, 6, 
AND 7 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF WISCONSIN  
EN BLOC  
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amend-ment Nos. 5, 6, and 7, printed in House Report 114–639, be considered en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
OF WISCONSIN  
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I offer amendment Nos. 5, 6, and 7 made in order under the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments. The text of the amendments is as fol-lows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
WISCONSIN  Strike section 501. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
WISCONSIN  Strike section 503. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
WISCONSIN  Strike section 505. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chair and the ranking member for agreeing to this en bloc amendment request. These three amendments, offered with Financial Services ranking mem-ber Ms. W
ATERS , Mrs. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. E
LLISON of Minnesota, address Republican attacks on the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, the CFPB. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is one of the central pillars of the Wall Street reform, the Dodd- Frank Act. To date, the Bureau has re-turned more than $11.4 billion to 25 million consumers that have been harmed by predatory financial prac-tices. Let me repeat that for you, Mr. Chairman. $11.4 billion has been re-turned to our constituents, 25 million of them, as a result of the work of the CFPB. Yet our colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to again side with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.118 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4425 July 6, 2016 
foes of the Bureau, with the predatory and other unscrupulous lenders. Our amendment seeks to preserve the inde-pendence and efficacy of this watchdog agency. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. That is right, Mr. Chairman, $11.4 bil-lion to over 25 million consumers. The CFPB has been working on behalf of consumers. How many households are stronger, better off because of the CFPB? How much justice has been accorded by the CFPB? And yet here we are, after being so successful with the CFPB, and our friends on the other side of the aisle want to weaken it, water it down, snarl it up, and entangle it up in a bureau-cratic mess. It is a good thing, Mr. Chairman, that the CFPB is independent. It is good that they don’t have to worry about the political pressures. It is good that they can have a single-minded focus on one thing, and one thing only: what is good for the American con-sumer. By the way, we have plenty of over-sight. Just ask Richard Cordray. He must be the most frequent visitor to the Financial Services Committee in the whole of the United States Govern-ment. He comes all of the time and has to answer question after question all day long, day in and day out, from our Republican colleagues, and he answers the questions as well as anybody pos-sibly could. There is accountability. There is a letter writing process. There are ques-tions he has to answer. There are all types of oversight. But do you know what? There is not the ability for the Republicans to say: We are going to snatch your money if you don’t do it our way. We are going to take away your independence and tie down the CFPB in an unwieldy five- person commission if you don’t do things our way. Right now, the consumers have an advocate on their side, and that is the way it should stay. I support and urge support for the Moore amendments. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendments. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would strike one of the very best and most important provi-sions of the bill, that is, putting the CFPB under the appropriations proc-ess. That is number one. It also would strike a provision of the current law, which merely requires the CFPB to notify Congress whenever they request money from the Federal Reserve. That is the law today. And the third thing it does is it strikes the provision that changes this CFPB, the Director, to a five-member commission. Now, the combination of these provi-sions introduces ordinary and cus-tomary congressional checks that most every other agency abides by. We are not asking the CFPB to do anything the Department of Defense or the State Department or the Department of Jus-tice or the Treasury Department doesn’t already do. I think it is truly ironic that the agency responsible for making consumer financial products more transparent and financial institu-tions more accountable is nontrans-parent to the Congress and to the American people. The Dodd-Frank authorizes the CFPB to fund itself by drawing money from the Federal Reserve to the extent their Director deems ‘‘necessary.’’ Now, the Federal Reserve doesn’t over-see the agency. It doesn’t exercise any authority over it. But the Federal Re-serve must transfer the CFPB whatever funds the Director requests without asking any questions. So the Bureau has already diverted over $2 billion from the Treasury’s gen-eral fund and, therefore, increased the Federal debt by $2 billion without any congressional input or approval of its activities. Now, other consumer protection agencies, such as the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission or the Federal Trade Commission, they are both fund-ed through the appropriations process. Why not the CFPB? With regard to the five-member com-mission structure, I think some more diverse viewpoints would help the CFPB understand stakeholder concerns and would make the direction of the agency a little bit more accountable. Other consumer investor protection agencies, such as the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, or the Securities and Exchange Commission, they are all funded through the appropriations process, and they are all led by five- member commissions. Why not the CFPB? So this provision in the bill neither abolishes the Bureau; they don’t elimi-nate the Bureau’s funding. Instead, they will increase the Bureau’s trans-parency and leadership, allow us to un-derstand what it is that they are doing and how they are going about it. Let’s just make the CFPB a little more transparent and a little more ac-countable. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, could the Chair inform me about how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Wisconsin has 1
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the concern that the gentleman has about maintaining the budgetary constraints, but that is the very prob-lem that agencies like the FDIC and others have had. They have had the au-thority, but they have not had the independence. The appropriation proc-ess ties the hands of these agencies. The one bright star is the CFPB, which is independent, and it supports con-sumers. I just want to point out that chang-ing the structure of the CFPB to a commission would add $66 million to our deficit. I look forward to my friends on the other side of the aisle’s vote on my amendment since it not only preserves the independence of the CFPB, but it continues to ensure that U.S. markets are the fairest and most robust in the world, and it protects consumers from mischief in this appropriations process. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendments offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–639. Does any Member wish to take up this amendment? The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–639 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . HIMES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 114, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $50,000,000)’’. Page 115, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $50,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chairman, my amendment does one very simple thing, which is to increase the funding for the Securities and Exchange Commission by $50 million, bringing the funding in this bill for the Securities and Ex-change Commission to the level of funding for the SEC in 2016. I would point out, Mr. Chairman, that this level of funding is still sig-nificantly lower than the President’s request of $1.78 billion. I would further point out, Mr. Chair-man, that the work of the SEC, at its core, is about protecting investors who are essential to the functioning of our capital markets and to protecting the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.122 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4426 July 6, 2016 
long-term sustainability of the U.S. fi-nancial system. Mr. Chairman, as I think this body knows, the Dodd-Frank Act—which I understand is controversial in this Chamber, but which has gone a very long way to avoiding the kind of melt-down that we had in 2008 and which de-stroyed $17 trillion in American asset value at its worst—as well as the JOBS Act, which attracted strong bipartisan support in this Chamber, those two bills required the SEC to write some 70 new regulations. And yet despite that requirement and all of the advocacy that we saw, particularly from my friends on the Republican side of the aisle for more alacrity in the writing of the rules for the JOBS Act, we are now seeing a real cut in the budget for the SEC. Just to give you a sense of what the SEC does, it is now responsible for overseeing some 26,000 market partici-pants and over 9,000 public companies. The assets managed by SEC-registered investment advisers have increased 210 percent since 2005 to almost $70 tril-lion. That is a lot of money. That is a lot of investment. This is an organization which is real-ly essential to one of the chief com-petitive advantages that the United States has, which is the liquidity and the respect that the world has for our capital markets. Again, $50 million bringing the SEC up to the level of funding that it had last year. And as a final point, let me point out that the SEC is funded not by taxes, but by fees that it collects. b2015 So this would not have the effect of cutting another program or of raising anybody’s taxes; but it would, in fact, simply authorize $50 million in fees that would be used for the SEC’s budg-et. I would like to thank the chairman and the ranking member for the oppor-tunity to offer this amendment, and I would like to thank the cosponsors of this amendment, Representatives M
ALONEY , HINOJOSA , PERLMUTTER , and S
EWELL . I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, the bill before us today takes a measured ap-proach to the Securities and Exchange Commission. A lot of people don’t real-ize that that agency has received some of the largest increases over the last decade that a lot of agencies wish they had received. Today, we cut the SEC’s funding by $50 million from the 2016 because the Commission estimates that $50 million is carryover funding from last year. In addition, we rescind money from the SEC’s reserve fund, which was set up kind of like a slush fund under Dodd- Frank. That is totally outside congres-sional oversight. Because the Commission has been using the reserve fund for important information technology projects, we have increased funding for the IT in the bill. Now, I believe that, if we up-grade information technology, the Commission will be better able to le-verage its resources, catch bad actors, and provide the quality of review that security filings deserve. To that end, the bill targets funding for another area of need within the Commission, and that is the economic analysis. I believe continuing to set aside funding to fully fund the SEC’s Division of Economic and Risk Anal-ysis is going to help the SEC’s work withstand any kind of judicial review. I happen to believe that the current Chair, Mary Jo White, is steering the SEC towards prioritizing enforcement and investor protection and not so much the politically charged rulemakings. Because of that, we have kept the SEC’s funding at a reasonable level. The level of funding included in this bill is more than fair and does not need to be adjusted in any way. The fact that this agency is fee-based in no way diminishes the need for con-gressional oversight over the Commis-sion’s funding. I would say the SEC is not starved for resources, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s perspective, but I dis-agree. He is correct that, in fact, the funding for the SEC has risen in the last 8 years, but so has the dramatic amount of work that is required of it. Mr. Chair, I will close with just one important point, which is that we saw over the course of the last 2 weeks the dramatic market volatility that was introduced by Great Britain’s decision to remove itself from the EU. There was not a stock market or an asset market anywhere on the globe that didn’t suffer a significant jolt. These are moments of uncertainty—maybe even of chaos—in the capital markets. We have a fairly significant election coming up this November. We are not looking at a moment in which the cap-ital markets are likely to experience smooth sailing off into the foreseeable future. We saw, in the last 2 weeks, precisely the volatility that warrants the need to have a cop on the beat to watch. This is not the moment to cut the SEC’s funding. I would urge my col-leagues in this Chamber to pass this amendment and to fully fund the cop that we need on this beat. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I just want to reiterate that we are treating the SEC very fairly. We want to make sure that the markets are safe and that they are orderly, and they are. Just giving more money to the SEC is not necessarily going to make things bet-ter. Over the years, as my colleague un-derstands, we have increased their funding, and they still miss an occa-sional Madoff scandal and things like that. You don’t just buy the regula-tion. You spend the money where you ought to spend it—cost-benefit, help them keep the markets orderly—and that is what we do in this bill. I urge the rejection of this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-corded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 115, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $22,703,000)’’. Page 265, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $22,703,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self 90 seconds. This bipartisan amendment would zero out funding for an obsolete, ar-chaic system—the so-called Selective Service. Thirty-nine years ago, the Russians invaded Afghanistan. Jimmy Carter, in one of the moments of his rather pa-thetic Presidency, decided that we would send two symbols to the Rus-sians: we wouldn’t go to the Olympics, and we would reinstate registration for the draft despite the fact that his own Selective Service had just come up with a report showing that the need for Selective Service was obsolete and un-necessary. They tried to recall all of the reports. They didn’t. Senator Mark Hatfield ob-tained one, and it was printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . The Selective Service, itself, decided its time was gone, but we reinstated it as a symbol of our opposition to the Russians. So here we are today, 39 years later, wasting $23 million a year in making every male American, at the age of 18, register for a draft that will never, ever again happen, under penalty of felony of law, of the deprivation of Federal as-sistance, of Federal jobs, and of other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.125 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4427 July 6, 2016 
things—for life—if they fail to register. Yet we are still here tonight to defend it. The chairman will say: Well, we are going to study this. We are going to study it and decide whether or not we might still need this someday. Yet, of course, the Department of Defense, itself, says: We do not want a draft. We like to select highly qualified people for our all-volunteer military. In fact, in March, Secretary of De-fense Ashton Carter said: ‘‘The thing I’d like to say about the Selective Service System and the draft, gen-erally, is this: We want to pick our own people. We don’t want people to be forced to serve us.’’ Yet the chairman of the committee will rise in a vain at-tempt to defend this wasteful system. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I think most of us would hope that we won’t ever need to use the draft again, but I think the agency is an important in-surance policy that we can use against unforeseen threats. In an emergency, in a wartime situation, the effects of this amendment could be disastrous. This is a small price to pay for an agency that has the potential to avert a crisis should the draft ever need to be reinstated. The voluntary military we have maintained for 40 years is, certainly, the preferred method of defending our Nation. We have got the best-trained and the best-equipped military in the world. But the decision on the issue to support and to maintain the Selective Service System is a decision that should be made by the Department of Defense. I believe that this is a small price to pay to make sure that we have this ability should we ever need it. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ). Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the DeFazio amendment, and I am a proud cosponsor of the amendment. As the gentleman from Oregon men-tioned, the draft ended in 1973. Con-scription ended. Then the Selective Service System was put on the shelf, inactivated, and was only activated when, in a show of resolve, President Jimmy Carter, in the aftermath of the December 1979 Soviet invasion of Af-ghanistan, reinstituted conscription. He reinstituted signing up for the Se-lective Service System. I think he sus-pended wheat sales to the Soviet Union as well as our participation in the Olympic Games, which were scheduled to be in Moscow. It has never been used. During the height of Iraq and Afghanistan, there has never even been a discussion within the Department of Defense, even with personnel shortages, about using the draft. In a recent study by the Army Re-cruiting Command, it determined that something like 75 percent of young peo-ple—military-aged people—are ineli-gible to serve in the United States Army. Either they are overweight; they don’t have high school or have high school but don’t have a high enough score on the Armed Forces En-trance Exam; they have had alterca-tions with the law; or they have drug and alcohol issues. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. COFFMAN. We have extremely high standards today. I think, in my having served in the United States Army when there was a draft, that hav-ing conscription—having people being forced to serve—compromises the ex-traordinary, I think, capability of our military. This is about putting it back on the shelf, as it was in 1973, and if the President, as Commander in Chief, ever felt it needed to come off the shelf, he or she could do so. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. For those who persist in the fantasy that, someday, we will need to rein-state the draft, this legislation allows the President the authority to restore funding should he believe that such ac-tions are in the interest of the national defense. Beyond that, the report, actu-ally, from 1979, from the Selective Service, itself, said: We do not have the training capacity of the old days of training, with broomsticks, the young troops to go into war. Today, we have a professional mili-tary—the best in the world. If you be-lieve in our military and if you believe in an all-volunteer force, then you will vote for this amendment. If you want to send a message that, someday, we are going to conscript young men, in-voluntarily, to go into the military, into a training capacity that doesn’t exist, and have hundreds or thousands or millions of bodies, untrained, go into a massive land war, unlike the way wars are fought today with the professional military and much more targeted with drones and air strikes, then vote for this, say that we are going to go back to Korea, that we are going to go back to the way it was in World War II, that we are going to go back to World War I. If you believe we have entered into the 21st century and that we are never going to involuntarily conscript Amer-icans to serve in the military again, the all-volunteer force is the best in the world. Yes, it needs to be the best trained and the best equipped. Let’s focus on that. Let’s spend $23 million on their training and on their equip-ment instead of wasting it on an obso-lete system that penalizes young Americans under felony penalty if they don’t register and register their changes of address. By the way, the Se-lective Service doesn’t know where most people live. Their computers are obsolete, and they don’t work. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I just want to note that the overwhelming ‘‘fantasy’’ that the gentleman refers to was shared on a bipartisan basis, over-whelmingly, in rejecting this amend-ment a couple of years ago. This is not a brand new idea. And we appreciate the gentleman’s bringing it before us, but in the military, they talk about things that you don’t know. You do not know what you do not know. I believe that this is a small price to pay to make sure that we have this ability, should a crisis occur, in that we might save thousands—if not mil-lions—of lives. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. b2030 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 613. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, this lan-guage strikes the anti-abortion lan-guage in section 613, which restricts abortion coverage for those who par-ticipate in Federal Employees Health Benefit plans. In other words, Federal employees. Singling out abortion care and re-quiring its exclusion from health insur-ance plans is discrimination. Federal employees commit their lives to public service, and they should not be penal-ized because of the source of their health insurance and who their em-ployer happens to be. Government em-ployees contribute to the cost of their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.128 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4428 July 6, 2016 
coverage, and they pay their out-of- pocket expenses. They deserve the same benefits and access to com-prehensive health care as those in the private sector. This ban separates pub-lic servants from private-sector em-ployees and treats them as unequal. All Federal employees should have equal access to health care that other employees receive in the private sec-tor. Here, we are saying that one em-ployer, the government, is free to deny care to its employees, something that we would generally not allow in the private sector. We are also prohibiting these Federal employee plans from covering abor-tions, and that constitutes political in-terference in a woman’s personal deci-sionmaking. Restricting abortion cov-erage in these plans is a bad policy that harms women. Sometime during the course of pregnancy, for instance, one might find out that the fetus is ab-normal. That is a personal decision whether to terminate that pregnancy or not that should be made personally, and the government should not weigh in in one way or another in making that decision. If a woman does decide—either be-cause her life is threatened or because of fetal abnormalities or some other reason—that she wants to terminate the pregnancy, she could be looking at tens of thousands or hundreds of thou-sands of dollars of unreimbursed health expenses. We shouldn’t pretend that we are covering people’s health coverage needs while allowing them to fall sub-ject to a bill that could be tens or hun-dreds of thousands of dollars. Now, lifting this ban does not man-date abortion coverage. It simply per-mits the Federal Employees Health Benefit plans to cover abortions. I think we need to get to the heart of the matter, which is this: the most fun-damental right of anyone, a man or a woman, is the right to control your own body, and that includes a womb. If liberty means anything, if freedom means anything, that is what it means. That is true for me and it is true for you. It is true for men, and it is true for women; and that includes pregnant women and women who happen to be Federal employees. Abortion has to be fully legal or women are not fully equal. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), one of the great champions of innocent unborn life. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman from Flor-ida for his extraordinary leadership on this bill and on the life issue. Mr. Chairman, on June 8, 1983, 33 years ago, I sponsored the amendment to ban the use of taxpayer funds to sub-sidize abortion in the Federal Employ-ees Health Benefits Program. The Smith amendment passed 226 to 182, and has been in effect almost continu-ously ever since. Today, more Americans oppose tax-payer funding for abortions than ever before. A January 2016 Marist poll found a supermajority of Americans— 68 percent of all respondents and 69 per-cent of women—oppose taxpayer fund-ing for abortion. Why do Americans continue to trend pro-life? First, the pro-life movement is com-prised of millions of selfless, compas-sionate human rights defenders, women and men, filled with deep faith in God, hope, love, and indomitable spirits. Second, post-abortive women are si-lent no more, courageously speaking to the extraordinary harm they have en-dured from abortion. As the NGO Femi-nists for Life have reminded us, women deserve better than abortion. Third, sonograms, ultrasound im-agery, is a game changer. Countless parents have watched with awe and wonder as their child appears on the screen, moving about, even sucking his or her thumb. First baby pictures today are of the child before birth. That first picture is a powerful con-firmation that their child exists and that they are parents now and that birth is merely an event in the life of a child. Ultrasounds have also been an effec-tive tool in helping to diagnose and to treat disease and disability for these young patients. Some unborn children indeed are the youngest patients in need of benign interventions. I would note to my colleagues that for the past several years, there has been a global movement called The First Thousand Days of Life, providing for nutrition and supplementation to bolster the health and wellness of chil-dren and women from conception until the second birthday. The consequences of caring for children before birth is ab-solutely revolutionary and breath-taking, boosting their immunity as well as their cognitive abilities throughout their entire lifetime. Abortion, on the other hand, is the polar opposite of life. It is violence against children. Abortion methods dismember, decapitate, or chemically poison innocent babies to death. Later- term abortions inflict excruciating pain and suffering on the child, espe-cially during the dismemberment pro-cedure. The Grayson amendment would re-verse over three decades of prudent public policy that ensures that tax-payers do not subsidize abortion. I would note parenthetically that the law governing the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program specifies that the Federal Government contributes at least 72 percent of the average pre-mium cost for all plans, so it is tax-payers who are footing the bill. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the Grayson amend-ment. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield for a moment to my friend from New Jersey, if he will answer a single ques-tion. And the question is this: Does the gentlemen believe that women who have abortions should be incarcerated? Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Abso-lutely not. Thank you for the question. Let me point out that every bill we have brought—the Partial-Birth Abor-tion Ban, the Born Alive Act, every single piece of legislation that would seek to protect the lives of unborn chil-dren—has a specific clause that women are held harmless; that there could be no prosecutions against them. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, again, addressing a question to the gentleman from New Jersey: If you maintain that abortion is murder—which is pretty much what you just said—then why do you not be-lieve that the women who have these abortions should be incarcerated? Why do you not believe that? Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GRAYSON. I yield to the gen-tleman from New Jersey. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Chair-man, it is the gentleman who called it murder. I call it the taking of human life. We need to hold the abortionists lia-ble. We, in the pro-life movement, look at the women as co-victims. I have worked—I say to my friend from Flor-ida—with well over 100 women, many of whom were part of the Silent No More Awareness Campaign, all of whom have had abortions, including the niece of Dr. Martin Luther King, Alvita King, who has had two abortions. She has said very, very strongly that in every abortion there was a co-victim, and that is the mother. Mr. GRAYSON. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate my friend from New Jersey answering those questions. I would maintain that the simpler answer is that abortion is not murder; it is not the taking of human life. I yield 1 minute to my colleague from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida has 45 seconds remaining. Mr. GRAYSON. I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ). Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, the prob-lem with this argument is that it has become an abortion argument and it isn’t a debate about abortion. It is an issue about a doctor and a woman and her healthcare decision and an insur-ance where one person can have certain rights under their insurance plan and another one cannot. Let’s remember that there are some Federal dollars in this plan, but there are also personal dollars, but no rights according to some people. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, it is very clear that our policy is the tax-payers’ fund should not be used to fund abortions and, therefore, we have con-tinued this prohibition. Not only has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.132 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4429 July 6, 2016 
this prohibition been in place since 1981, it was also requested by the ad-ministration as part of its 2017 budget request. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of Grayson Amendment Number 12. This amendment would finally remove a longstanding, harmful appropriations rider that deprives federal employees of coverage for the full range of reproductive health care. As co-chair of the House Pro-Choice Cau-cus, I’m routinely dismayed by the repeated inclusion in legislation of divisive riders that interfere with women’s health care decisions. Why must important bills that get the people’s business done be misused by politicians to limit women’s reproductive rights and choices? For too long, Congress has interfered with women’s health decisions through bans on in-surance coverage for reproductive health care. I applaud Mr. G
RAYSON for taking action to lift these unnecessary and harmful restrictions in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Pro-gram. However, these restrictions exist in many other places throughout federal law. We should do away with them all. Every single year, my Republican col-leagues feel the need to include provisions at-tacking women’s health in the Financial Serv-ices Appropriations bill. This year is no excep-tion. As usual this year’s bill is riddled with such provisions. But this time, Republicans have taken it one step further. An amendment filed by Rep. P
ALMER has also been made in order on this appropriations bill. Mr. P
ALMER ’s amendment would prohibit Washington, DC from enforcing the Reproduc-tive Health Non-Discrimination Act, which the city enacted to help protect women and their families from employment discrimination based on reproductive health choices. Preventing DC from enforcing this law is egregious. It is beyond inappropriate for Con-gress to strike down state laws that help pro-tect women from employment discrimination based on choices such as using birth control, undergoing in vitro fertilization, or having an abortion. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 625. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment offered by myself and my col-leagues would strike section 625 of this bill and, if adopted, would allow the SEC to write regulations requiring cor-porations to disclose their political contributions. This amendment would not require the SEC to regulate polit-ical disclosure. It would simply allow them to do so if they deem it some-thing that would be necessary or im-portant so that investors and citizens and voters know where the tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, mil-lions of dollars spent by corporations are going to affect the outcome of elec-tions. The Supreme Court decision in Citi-zens United has opened the floodgate for corporations to spend an unlimited amount of money, affecting our democ-racy in ways that we, as citizens, can never find out about, that we can never determine, dramatically affecting the outcome of elections, often spending more money than any other candidate or any other political party. Knowledge is power, and the Amer-ican citizens have the right to know how corporations are spending money to affect the outcome of elections. This amendment would allow the SEC to write regulations that would allow for that kind of disclosure. This democracy should not be for sale. Transparency is the key. The citi-zens of this country have a right to know and to understand how money is affecting the outcome of their elec-tions. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, this is the law today that he is trying to re-move. The SEC doesn’t need to be engaged in politically charged, unmandated rulemakings. The language included in this bill just keeps the SEC on track. It prevents them from developing or pro-posing or issuing a rule that would re-quire disclosure of political contribu-tions in the SEC filings. Let’s call the amendment what it is. It is an end-run around the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision. The SEC has got bigger priorities to focus on, and thank goodness they have been focusing on those. They have been going after people that profit from in-sider trading. They are trying to stop the fraud that goes on. And the bill continues to support the SEC doing its job; protecting investors, encouraging capital formation. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire as to how much time I have re-maining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chair, this is a simple amendment. It strikes a highly partisan policy rider that would bar the SEC from requiring disclosure of political spending by corporations. Since the Supreme Court’s decision in Citizens United, we have seen an ex-plosive growth in corporate political spending. Even under the twisted inter-pretation of the First Amendment in that case, disclosure would at least mean some level of accountability. In that case, the Court decided that corporations get the same free speech rights as people; and now these cor-porations are taking advantage by fun-neling unlimited funds through tax-ex-empt groups to secretly influence our elections. Section 625 of this bill would com-pletely bar any funds from being used to develop a rule to require disclosure of political contributions to tax-ex-empt organizations. This represents a behind-closed-doors trick to block the administration from requiring corpora-tions to simply stand behind their po-litical spending. Corporations shouldn’t be able to hide their political motivations behind complex webs of so-called social wel-fare groups, not when these groups are little more than P.O. boxes in Virginia. We have to get money out of politics, but until then, let’s have some disclo-sure. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. b2045 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. S
ARBANES ). Mr. SARBANES. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I want to commend Mr. K
ILDEE for this amendment, which promotes more accountability and transparency and disclosure at a time when that is what people are asking for. They want to know where the se-cret money is coming from, and they want to know where it is going. They say sunshine is the best disinfectant, but yet again, this House is acting to shield corporate and big money donors from the light of day. It is this Russian doll technique. You open the Russian doll because you think you can see what is inside, and then when you open it, there is another doll inside; and then you open that one, and there is another doll inside that one. You can never get to where the money really is. You can never find out who is actually bankrolling these huge expenditures, these TV commercials 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.133 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4430 July 6, 2016 
that are coming in, this megaphone that is taking over our politics from secret interests. All Mr. K
ILDEE is seeking is that we provide the transparency, the disclo-sure, the information that the Amer-ican people are seeking. We need more of that. We need more disclosure. We need more accountability. We need more transparency. That is what the American people are demanding. That is what this amendment would do. Let’s pass this amendment and ensure that accountability in our politics. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), the ranking mem-ber of the subcommittee. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, if I didn’t know better, I would be con-fused. On one hand, we cut money from the SEC because they shouldn’t be the cop on Wall Street that it should be, but then on the other hand we want to continue to cut money and prevent them from telling us where the other money is coming from, which is the one that funds elections. What is the problem with the Amer-ican people knowing that such a can-didate or such a committee got money from such a corporation? I want to know. They want to know. So, sure, our ratings are low. You know why our ratings are low? Because there is so much secrecy in what we do, and it shouldn’t be. This is a great amendment, and it is one that should be accepted on a bipartisan basis. Let’s stop trying to tell the SEC that they don’t exist. They exist. And I will tell you one last point that is very short. When I was chairman of this committee, they came to us and said: We don’t want any more money; we are fine. Then we found out years later why they didn’t want more money, because they didn’t want to en-force anything. We fell through into a big hole. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, fun-damentally, this amendment is simply about the right of the American people to know who is influencing the elec-tions that determine the leadership in this country. This legislation, as presented, would actually prohibit the SEC from requir-ing that kind of disclosure. The Amer-ican people deserve a democracy that is transparent. This amendment would provide the SEC with the tools to make rules that would provide that. I urge my colleagues to support my amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, as I pointed out earlier, this is existing law. This is the law today, and they want to strike that law. I would encourage them to look up something called the Federal Election Commission. That is a place where people disclose their po-litical contributions, and it is right there for everybody to see. So they want to take existing law that says that is not the role of the SEC; it is the role of the FEC. They want to change the law that basically, today, says the SEC has got better things to do than require—— Mr. KILDEE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. CRENSHAW. I yield to the gen-tleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Are the corporate con-tributions made under the provisions that we are speaking of disclosed to the Federal Election Commission? Cor-porate spending under the Citizens United case, for example; are those dis-closed by corporations to the FEC? Mr. CRENSHAW. Reclaiming my time, as I pointed out, I understand this is an end run about that lawsuit, but there is disclosure that takes place. And again, the law today that was added last year, part of the omni-bus bill, the SEC ought to be trying to find tax cheats, they ought to be trying to find people doing insider trading, and, quite frankly, they really don’t have it high on their list of things to do because right now the law prevents them from doing that. I think it is just better to keep the law just like it is today. Reject this amendment, and vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . ESHOO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–639. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 632. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Ms. ESHOO. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes what I believe is an unneces-sary provision in the bill that would block the FCC’s net neutrality rules until the court took final action to de-termine their legality. The provision my amendment strikes was written be-fore the court announced its decision. On Tuesday, June 14, the Federal ap-peals court issued its long-awaited rul-ing in this case, and the decision could not be clearer. The court fully upheld the FCC’s net neutrality rules, and that is why I am offering the amend-ment. It found that the FCC acted within its authority, acted consistent with Supreme Court precedent, con-sistent with the Administrative Proce-dure Act, and consistent with the Con-stitution. Every issue raised by oppo-nents in court was rejected, whether it was procedural or substantive. Following this clear and decisive rul-ing, there is simply no reason for Con-gress to be blocking the FCC’s rules. The courts have spoken, and legal scholars agree. I think the American people also spoke very clearly. Over 4 million of-fered their comments by filing them at the FCC during the rulemaking proc-ess, and the vast majority of them were in support of strong rules. This level of public input broke records at the FCC. The late Justice Antonin Scalia’s dis-sent in the 2005 Brand X case reflects the same commonsense view the Amer-ican people expressed in their public comments. Justice Scalia said: ‘‘After all is said and done, after all the regu-latory cant has been translated, and the smoke of agency expertise blown away, it remains perfectly clear that someone who sells cable-modem service is ‘offering’ telecommunications.’’ So Congress need not block these rules now in the hopes that an appeal to the Supreme Court will overturn this clear ruling, and that is why I am offering the amendment. I urge my col-leagues to support it and strike what now is an unnecessary section from the bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, this language is merely a legislative stay on the FCC’s net neutrality order, and it is the same language that was in last year’s bill. This net neutrality rule was very, very controversial. She men-tioned there were 4 million, I guess, in-puts under the proposed rule. Some were for, some were against. Let me be clear. There is no dispute about the desire for a free and open Internet, but I think, when you look at the consumers, you look at the busi-nesses, you look at government, they have benefited greatly from the ab-sence of regulatory restrictions on the Internet. At the end of the day, this is an issue for the courts to decide. Even in light of recent circuit court decisions, litigation on this rule is no way finished. I think it is just fair in a controversial rule like this to wait until its legality has been finally de-termined before we implement the rule. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.136 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4431 July 6, 2016 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, the gen-tleman really offers a lack of response to the amendment because the Federal appeals court issued a very broad deci-sion, and it really couldn’t be clearer. I understand that this language was written before the court came out with its decision, but now that the court has, I think that this language really doesn’t mean anything unless the ma-jority simply wants to leapfrog over the decision, even though they don’t like it and have fought it. I just don’t think that this belongs in the legislation anymore. It was put in before the court spoke, and I believe that it is appropriate to remove the language now. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. It strikes section 632 of the underlying bill, a controversial FCC rider that prohibits the FCC from implementing its order on net neu-trality until three court cases are re-solved. Yet again the majority is trying to hijack the regulatory process for its own ends. This rule went into effect al-most a year ago, and none of the fears that were raised about the net neu-trality rule have come to pass. There has been increased investment and profits for Internet service providers. There is no reason to continue the cru-sade against this rule. Although section 632 sets out to only last as long as the lawsuits are ongo-ing, the actual text encourages the plaintiffs in these lawsuits to do every-thing in their power to delay a resolu-tion to the cases in question. Four million people wrote in about the rule that this committee is now trying to stop. The normal process of objecting to a rule would be that you go to the courts, and that already hap-pened here. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit de-nied a petition by several telecom com-panies and industry trade groups to delay implementation of the Federal Communications Commission, FCC, net neutrality rules. Organizations like the Consumers Union have pointed out that there was plenty of public notice with the net neutrality rules. There was an initial notice of proposed rulemaking, an ex-tensive description released before the FCC vote, and waiting 2 months after the Federal Register publication before the rules took effect. Throwing in an additional hurdle departs from estab-lished rulemaking practice and simply isn’t needed. Ironically, just last week, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia upheld the FCC’s 2015 net neu-trality rules in these cases, giving the agency unquestionable authority to regulate the Internet. b2100 Of course, they could still appeal, which demonstrates how harmful this rider is. It would delay net neutrality while the court process plays out. Blocking net neutrality means block-ing an open Internet. It allows a broadband provider to block any Web site or application it wants and would allow pay-for-priority schemes, where all traffic is slowed down to make the way for the content of deep-pocketed giants who can pay for preferential treatment. It seems to me that Republicans are trying to give corporations more free-dom and options to do whatever they want while trying to place more re-strictions and burdens on individual citizens, like denying them access to a free and open Internet. Section 632 is harmful to our economy, our democ-racy, and should be stricken from the bill. I thank the gentlewoman for her amendment, and I urge support for the amendment. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. ESHOO. I will close with these comments, Mr. Chairman. I often say to my constituents that we love our history once it has been made, but we don’t always appreciate it when we are making history. I think that this issue relative to the Internet and its entire future will be now, because of the court decision, to-tally uninterrupted. No company, no ISP, not anyone can block or throttle online traffic or have paid prioritization agreements that would create fast and slow lanes. Imagine if private companies owned all of the freeways in California, and every time there is an exit or an on ramp, you end up having to pay—pay for something. The court made very, very clear that the way the FCC drew up its rules is for the protection of the consumer, which is at the heart of this. I think that June 14 was a day of great history made in our country and for the better-ment of it, for consumers, for competi-tion, and for our national economy. It is with all of that in mind that I offer this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. I think it makes sense. What was in the bill was drawn up before the court spoke. The court has spoken very clearly. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, we are not here to debate the merits of the net neutrality rule. Everybody knows how controversial it was. It has been pointed out there are 4 million objections or supporters. I don’t know how they were split, but there were millions for, millions against. It just tells you how con-troversial it is. So all this provision says is: let’s wait until it is finally resolved. We all know that it is going to end up in the United States Supreme Court. And once it has been determined yes or no, then the FCC ought to enforce it. But until that time, it ought to be stayed through the legislative process. That is what this bill does. That is what the amendment attempts to undo. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 143, beginning on line 10, strike sec-tion 637. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would repeal an effort to undermine the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act and an effort to eliminate consumer protections for some of the country’s most vulnerable borrowers and invite a return to the kind of pred-atory mortgage practices that helped fuel the financial crisis of 2008 in the first place. The manufactured housing industry is growing and highly profitable. In fact, according to its trade association, manufactured housing—what some peo-ple might call trailer homes, but actu-ally is accurately called manufactured housing—is an industry that has re-corded shipment increases in every month since 2014. Manufactured Hous-ing for Regulatory Reform found that 2014 marked the fifth consecutive year of annual industry productions in-creases. Even one of the world’s most re-spected investors, Berkshire Hathaway chairman Warren Buffet, has been touting the profitability of manufac-tured housing. In a letter to share-holders, he pointed out that Clayton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.138 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4432 July 6, 2016 
Homes, Berkshire Hathaway’s profit-able manufactured housing business subsidiary, earned a total of $585 mil-lion in 2014, an increase of 34 percent over 2013. This is despite the fact that Dodd-Frank protections that this bill seeks to roll back were in place in 2014. Unfortunately, this is the same Clay-ton Homes that was the subject of a BuzzFeed and The Seattle Times and Center for Public Integrity investiga-tion that found that this manufactured housing empire profits in every way imaginable from producing to selling, to housing, to the loans that take ad-vantage of vulnerable consumers and leave them with virtually no way to re-finance. The investigation details a story of disabled Army veteran and Clayton Homes customer, Dorothy Mansfield. Ms. Mansfield’s monthly income was less than $700, but Clayton approved her for a $60,000, 20-year loan at more than 10 percent interest. The monthly payment of $673 consumed much of Ms. Mansfield’s only income—her Army disability benefit—and within 18 months of purchase, she was behind on payments and Clayton was attempting to foreclose on her home. This is precisely the kind of preda-tory practices that Dodd-Frank was en-acted to stop. But today, we consider legislation that would pave the way for its return. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and oppose the predatory manufactured housing loans. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. First, just let me say that the provision the gentleman would like to strike is a provision that gives every American the opportunity to pursue what we call the American Dream—that of home ownership. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ) to tell us a little bit more about why we ought to oppose this amendment. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, and I thank the chairman for the opportunity to address that. Mr. Chair, I represent a wonderful area of east Tennessee. A lot of folks purchase manufactured homes. It is a great American industry. It is a boom-ing industry. It is a good industry. But more important than that, that great industry is the great American Dream—that dream of home ownership. Manufactured homes offer an oppor-tunity to men and women, many times, to purchase their first home. These are not the most affluent people in Amer-ica. These are people who are pursuing the American Dream—or part of it—of home ownership. What this amendment seeks to do is unfortunate. That is why I oppose it. There is no more fervent opponent to the Dodd-Frank rule in this house than me, but it protects the Dodd-Frank provisions that were in the law. This does not violate Dodd-Frank. This is more of an indication of how a bad law spews more bad law. And what this does is it hurts those precious con-sumers, those poor Americans who are trying desperately to get credit. What it does, Mr. Chairman, is create a situ-ation where, if someone is a loan origi-nator or a salesman, it makes them subject to the constrictions of Dodd- Frank. This was never intended on its worst day—and there are many worst days of Dodd-Frank—to do this. I ask this House to reject the gentle-man’s amendment, uphold a great American industry—the manufactured home industry—but even more impor-tantly, to uphold that special precious American Dream, that chance of home ownership. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. WOODALL ). The gentleman from Minnesota has 2
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, let me just be clear. This is not a matter of whether manufactured housing is good or bad. Manufactured housing is obvi-ously an option that Americans should have available to them. This amendment is about protecting consumers and making sure that they don’t get hit on all sides of the bargain: the sale of the home, the loan, the origination, the insurance, and all over. It is making sure that the mort-gage originator is operating in the in-terests that they are supposed to oper-ate in—under the definition of loan originator or mortgage originator. This requirement prevents sales-people from being incentivized to steer buyers to higher-cost loans. It is one thing to stand up and say: Hey, we are trying to help people reach the great American Dream, but it is quite an-other to say: Hey, look, yeah, great American Dream at a fair and afford-able price, great American Dream at a price that people can actually afford and that is fair to the consumer. So that is what we are talking about here. I absolutely believe that if people want to live in manufactured housing, they should. Let me tell you, in my district in Minnesota, I have a lot of people who live in manufactured hous-ing. There are a lot of success stories, too, Mr. Chairman. I can tell you about people who lived on property owned by somebody else. They bought that prop-erty that their manufactured homes were on and now it is theirs. And now they are living in much more security than they ever have. And they got a good deal. They need people who are going to be looking out after them. This is a very, very important issue, because a lot of these folks don’t have that many advo-cates looking out for them. We should make sure that the requirement that prevents salespeople from being able to steer buyers to high-cost loans is some-thing that we should not tolerate. It robs families who don’t have that many resources of the precious re-sources they have. So this is another one looking out for consumers, affirming people’s right to live in a manufactured home, if that is choice, recognizing that that is a good choice for many families, but at the same time recognizing that these same families need to be treated fairly. Mr. Chairman, I ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, if the gentleman really wants people to have access to manufactured housing, then I don’t think he would be pro-posing this amendment. If you adopt this amendment and take out the lan-guage we have in the bill, then you are going to limit access to quality, afford-able housing for an awful lot of people. That is what happens when the CFPB tries to overregulate an industry. What happens is they limit access to financ-ing and you limit options for manufac-tured housing. You have got to understand that these new regulations don’t reflect the unique nature of manufactured homes; the sales process, the lenders. The lend-ers can’t offer small balanced loans anymore because of these regulations, and that is what they used to purchase affordable housing. So if you really care about folks and you want them to be able to access the housing market, if you really want them to be able to pursue the Amer-ican Dream of owning a home someday, then you will reject this amendment and allow the provision that we put in this bill to stand. Let me once again urge that my col-leagues vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 143, beginning on line 21, strike sec-tion 638. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.141 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4433 July 6, 2016 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, this is another amendment protecting con-sumers in manufactured housing. It strikes section 638. Section 638 weakens rules protecting buyers of mobile homes—or manufac-tured homes—from being sold products that can ruin them financially. It strikes language that prevents staff at the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau from protecting buyers of manu-factured homes from high-cost financ-ing. New manufactured homes are of good quality. However, the financing of these homes has a long and sordid his-tory of abuse. If a site-built homeowner can get a mortgage for 5 percent, why should a manufactured home buyer need to pay 15 percent? If a home buyer is offered a loan of 15 percent, I think they should receive counseling that lower-cost options might be available. Two years ago, I wrote letters to the heads of the major financing firms for manufactured homes. I asked them for information on their default rates. b2115 Why should a buyer of a manufac-tured home be charged three times more than a buyer of a site-built home? I was told by their trade association that they could share that informa-tion, but only if I promised confiden-tiality. I declined that because I wasn’t going to be an aider and abetter to their conspiracy. This is a paradox. The manufactured housing industry wants permission to charge consumers 10 percent above prime, so 14 or 15 percent, but they are unwilling to say why. But they say it is because that is the only way to attract lenders to the market. Why do they need to charge manufac-tured home buyers an interest rate three times as high as that of other buyers? Manufactured home buyers de-serve financing that lets them build eq-uity in their home. Last year, the Seattle Times ran a series of articles on how the financing industry used to prey on manufactured home buyers. I am glad the Democrats created the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau. Democrats gave the CFPB the authority to protect home buyers, including 17 million people who live in manufactured homes. We have already voted on the major-ity’s goal to stop the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau from protecting manufactured home buyers. Last year, the majority brought forward H.R. 650 with this same language; 162 Members voted against it. President Obama issued a veto threat. The majority needs 290 votes to over-ride a veto, and the bill only got 263. So people who want to sell buyers high fee and interest loans are trying another tack: authorizing in an appropriations bill. We should oppose their efforts on procedural grounds, but also on prin-ciple grounds. I urge support of my amendment be-cause absolutely everybody should get a fair shot at being able to get a piece of the American Dream, which is to own their own home, including a manu-factured home. But they shouldn’t have to pay three times what site-built homeowners have to pay just because they might be in a slightly different situation. I know that colleagues might say: Oh, we are just standing up for the American Dream here; we are just try-ing to make sure people can get into a home. Well, at what price, Mr. Chairman? At what price? Three times what aver-age site-built homeowners have to pay? Three times what your average mort-gage holder of a site-built home might pay? I don’t think that is right. I think that we should strike the lan-guage in section 638 and should stand up for consumer justice for those peo-ple who my colleagues agree are just trying to get a piece of the American Dream. They are just trying to get a piece of the American Dream; but, as they are doing so, there are some mort-gage lenders, some lenders that are taking money out of their pockets as they are trying do that. I think the Congress of the United States should stand with those consumers and not with the big companies that make out so much, that make such an exorbitant profit at their expense. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, we just had a discussion earlier about ac-cess to affordable housing, manufac-tured homes. Manufactured homes are a little bit different, and a lot of times folks that can’t afford a house try to buy a manufactured home. And if you put some of these provisions that the CFPB has tried to put in, what you do, you end up denying those folks access to that kind of housing, and I think that is wrong. I urge Members to reject this amend-ment like they rejected the last amendment. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman from Minnesota’s amendment, and I thank the chairman for this time. Perhaps the only thing the gen-tleman from Minnesota and I agree on is that this amendment is akin to his first amendment which I vigorously op-posed and I asked the House to oppose. Let me reiterate. The manufactured housing industry is a great American industry. The dream of owning a home is part of the American Dream. Manu-factured housing offers an opportunity to those who are less affluent to get part of that American Dream, to buy a house. Now, what has happened—and again, Dodd-Frank itself, a law which, if I was in this House, I would have voted against. I wasn’t here then, but I have vigorously opposed since then—Dodd- Frank actually allows what this gen-tleman is trying to oppose with his amendment. So as bad as this law is, and as bad as the law that has come from this very bad law is, and this amendment is in-dicative of that, I want to talk about what happens when we do this. This is a miscalculation in a formula by those proponents of the rules of Dodd-Frank, and what it does, it scares away lenders. It scares away those who want to give credit because it opens them up to liability. Therefore, what does it do? It squeez-es the poor American consumer and de-prives them of the opportunity to get credit; therefore, it deprives them of the opportunity to get a home; there-fore, it deprives them of a part of the American Dream. If the gentleman would listen to me, I have seen this. Who will profit? Those who are vultures, who actually have capital, who have cash, who are liquid. When these mobile homes now will not sell, there will be a glut on the market, and what will happen? They will swoop in, and those people who want to see their precious home, their first home, appreciate in value, now it will depreciate in value, and they will be harmed. This is a perfect example of govern-ment overreach. Dodd-Frank is a bad law, and this is an attempt to try to construe Dodd-Frank with CFPB rules that are detrimental to the American consumer. So do not let it hurt the American Dream. Do not let it hurt this great American industry. I respectfully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this gentleman’s amendment. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 45 seconds remain-ing. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, the manufactured home industry is a grow-ing industry that is highly profitable. There are loans to be had in this space. There is no need to allow consumers to have to pay three times—three times— what people pay for a mortgage for a site-built home. This is just ringing the dinner bell on people who already are economically vulnerable. I demanded, Mr. Chairman, informa-tion that might justify these higher in-terest rates for manufactured home buyers, and no information was forth-coming because there is none. This is just a chance to take advantage of peo-ple who don’t have as much money as some other people. So American Dream, by all means; consumer predation, no way. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.144 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4434 July 6, 2016 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, just finally, let me say once again, we all appreciate the effort that we have to protect consumers. But you can go so far as basically to regulate people out of the opportunity to own a home, and that is what is happening with this overzealous consumer protection agen-cy, and all we are trying to do is bring some common sense back into that. So I would urge folks to reject this amendment. Leave the bill as it is, pro-viding an opportunity for people who maybe can’t own a great big house, but they can buy a manufactured home that might be less expensive. It might incur a little more risk since it is a mobile home, to a certain extent. Take all that into consideration, and leave the bill as it is. Reject this amendment. I urge people to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–639. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 144, beginning on line 12, strike sec-tion 639. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Alabama. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, today I rise in support of the CFPB’s recent efforts to rein in preda-tory practices utilized by payday lend-ers across this country. I am opposed to any congressional ef-forts to weaken or prohibit regulations of these actors. That is why I have of-fered an amendment striking section 639 of the underlying bill, which pro-hibits funds from being used by the CFPB to enforce any regulations or rules with respect to payday loans, ve-hicle title loans, or other similar loans during the fiscal year 2017. I am proud to be joined by my col-leagues, Representatives W
ATERS , E
LLISON , and H INOJOSA , in offering this simple yet critically important amend-ment. President Obama’s visit to Bir-mingham, Alabama, in the heart of my district in March 2015 to announce CFPB’s efforts to address predatory lending practices was something that was very important to my constitu-ency. During his speech, he noted that there were four times as many payday lenders in Alabama as there were McDonald’s. Additionally, there are more title loan lenders per capita in Alabama than any other State. This stark contrast not only illus-trates the pervasiveness of this indus-try participant but, rather, under-scores the critical need for stronger consumer protections to fight against unfair and abusive lending practices. Oftentimes, African Americans, Latinos, and other minority commu-nities are especially disproportionately impacted by the cycle of long-term debt resulting from payday loans, vehi-cle title loans, as well as check ad-vance loans. These lenders target our most vulnerable, fiscally underserved communities, including low-income and elderly, while residents with lim-ited access to traditional bank loans or credit are attracted to promises of easy access to fast cash. Predatory lending compromises the financial security of millions of Ameri-cans. It is a problem that is too big to ignore, and the CFPB’s efforts to pro-tect these communities should be ap-plauded rather than restricted. The CFPB’s proposed rules are not unduly burdensome. Rather, the major-ity of payday loans and title lenders who do not ask for any proof of income or whether the borrower has the ability to repay, that, to me, seems to be com-monsense regulation. Lenders should be able to make loans to those who have the ability to repay, and asking that question doesn’t seem overly bur-densome. Studies show that 69 percent of the borrowers use payday loans to meet ev-eryday expenses such as rent, bills, medicine, and groceries. These CFPB rules would require lenders to make sure borrowers can afford to pay back the loans before giving a loan, in the same way that traditional banks do when they prepare loans. The payday lending industry should be subject to the same regulations as traditional banks when it comes to making sure that people who they are lending money to have the ability to repay. The rule would also limit the ability of lenders to access borrowers’ credit account information through auto-matic debiting if there are not suffi-cient funds initially in their checking accounts. Borrowers should not be at the mercy of predatory lending practices. CFPB’s proposed rules would strengthen con-sumer protections and make it harder to prey on vulnerable communities. CFPB’s proposed rules have bipartisan support and empower consumers to make better financial decisions. I understand that there are needs for short-term cash and for small-dollar- amount loans that provide consumers with this necessary access. I will con-tinue to work with the CFPB and stakeholders to perfect this rule and create incentives for traditional and responsible lenders to enter this short- term lending space; however, it is un-conscionable for any Members of this body to support legislation designed to thwart efforts to protect consumers and the most vulnerable Americans. I strongly support the adoption of these proposed regulations and would continue to fight for greater consumer protections. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment which would allow for resources to be available to the CFPB to enforce these new regula-tions against payday lenders. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. First, just let me say the provision in question that they are trying to eliminate merely puts a pause on the CFPB’s rule until it sub-mits a detailed report. To tell us other good reasons why we ought to reject this amendment, I yield 2 minutes to my good friend from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ). Mr. M
CHENRY. I thank the chair-man. I thank him for his great work on this bill that he has produced tonight. And I have enormous respect for my colleague from Alabama and her con-cerns. At risk with this amendment is cut-ting off access to credit for millions of Americans. Under the plan the CFPB is considering, not only would their regu-lation eliminate small-dollar loans, but it could also introduce significant new underwriting expenses on every loan. The result? The very consumers that need the money the most will ulti-mately be left in the dark. Payday lending needs to be studied, deserves to be studied, should be con-sidered, and carefully considered. In-stead, this amendment wants the CFPB to go full bore, full steam ahead, with-out having thoughtfully answered the question: Where will consumers that need these loans go next? b2130 That is the deeper, harder issue. Out-rage is easy. It is. But the tough part, indeed, the most important part for us as policymakers is to make sure that we get this right for those Americans— those millions of Americans—that ac-tually need short-term lending. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 40 seconds to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman. The way that payday loans work is that they rely on the fact that you will borrow the money, and then you have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.146 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4435 July 6, 2016 
an exorbitant interest rate, and then you are going to have to borrow money to repay the last loan plus a fee and the interest rate. You roll it over and you roll it over, so before you know it, your whole check is going to pay this loan. No one has ever asked you wheth-er you could afford it. They just took advantage of your desperate situation. It makes sense for the CFPB to make sure people don’t get caught in this cycle of debt. It is the way Americans are going to get back to financial health and not be taken advantage of when they are in a vulnerable financial state. There are many alternatives. We need to be exploring those, not just doing it for payday lending. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chairman for yielding me time and for his great work on the underlying bill, including the provi-sions that are in the bill as we stand. I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. While I have great respect for my colleague from Alabama, the language that is proposed would strip bipartisan language that was inserted into the bill that merely puts a pause on the CFPB short-term lending rule, and the result of passing this amend-ment would hurt millions of consumers having any access to capital. In fact, the Independent Community Bankers of America and the National Credit Union Association—who don’t agree on much—recently wrote a letter to the CFPB voicing their strong oppo-sition to the current rule that is being proposed because they believe that it will drive them out of the short-term credit making market and stop them from serving consumers in their local communities. In fact, even the CFPB admits that 84 percent of short-term loan volumes will disappear as a result of this rule. That will leave millions of Americans without access to money that they might need to get emergency medical assistance, to pay for unexpected auto-mobile repairs, or to heat or cool their home. This amendment is a problem. We need to allow the language in the bill to last. All it does is require the CFPB to provide documentation for what they are doing and show where consumers will be able to turn to meet their financial needs. This is a bipar-tisan amendment that is in the bill now. We should reject the Sewell- Waters amendment. I urge members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment and urge them to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I want to say that I think it is really important that we not reward bad actors. I think that the fact of the matter is that lots of payday lenders— while access to credit is critically im-portant, to reward bad behavior is not something that I think this House should be about, and I ask Members to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, no-body wants to reward bad actors. Let me just say that payday lending today is regulated at the State level. My home State of Florida has one of the most progressive and effective small- dollar-lending loan statutes in the country. It has become somewhat of a national example of the successful compromise between strong consumer protection and increased access to cap-ital. So I hope that when the CFPB exer-cises the pause that we ask for in this bill, that they will take a look at some of the progressive laws that are around the country and they can balance that without denying folks access, as was pointed out. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 18 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 114–639. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 193, beginning on line 23, strike sec-tion 817. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment strikes the repeal of the District of Co-lumbia budget autonomy referendum, which allows D.C. to spend its own local funds, consisting of local taxes and local fees, after a 30-day congres-sional review period. Astonishingly, House Republicans ap-pear to be so afraid of a local jurisdic-tion spending its local funds without the approval of a Federal body, the U.S. Congress, that they will be voting for a second time in a little over a month to repeal the referendum. D.C.’s budget autonomy referendum is in effect as I speak. The D.C. Council recently passed its first local budget pursuant to the referendum. Therefore, the repeal would be the most signifi-cant reduction in the District of Co-lumbia’s authority to govern itself since Congress granted the city limited home rule in 1973. Smart lawyers differed about the va-lidity of the referendum when D.C. en-acted it. However, the referendum has been litigated, and there is only one ju-dicial opinion in effect. In March, the D.C. Superior Court upheld the ref-erendum, no appeal was filed, and the court ordered D.C. employees to imple-ment it. Some House Republicans had either been disguising or simply mistaken in their opposition to the referendum be-cause they are using legalistic argu-ments. For example, the Speaker re-vealed a reason that some may oppose the referendum. He said: ‘‘There are real consequences. The D.C. govern-ment wants to use revenues to fund abortions in the District. House Repub-licans will not stand for that.’’ Well, the Speaker was wrong about the effect of the budget autonomy ref-erendum. Congress loses nothing under budget autonomy. Congress retains the authority to legislate on any D.C. mat-ter, including its local budgets at any time. Mr. Chairman, this is not statehood, I am here to tell the floor this evening. The referendum is a modest attempt by a local jurisdiction to get enough con-trol of its local funds to be able to im-plement its own budget soon after it is passed, like other American jurisdic-tions, instead of having it caught up into congressional delays that have nothing to do with our local budget. Indeed, the riders in this bill prohib-iting D.C. from spending its local funds on marijuana commercialization and abortion services for low-income women were changed from those in prior appropriations bills to apply whether or not D.C. has budget auton-omy. Historically, D.C. riders applied only to funds included in appropria-tions bills because only appropriations bills authorized D.C. spending. In this bill, the riders apply to any D.C. funds, however authorized, including those in budgets passed pursuant to budget au-tonomy. The riders Congress places in D.C. appropriations bills will be un-touched by budget autonomy. Local control over local dollars raised by local taxpayers is a principle much-cited by congressional Repub-licans and is central, if I may say so, to the American people form of govern-ment. Beyond this core principle, budg-et autonomy has practical benefits for the District, including lower borrowing costs, more accurate revenue and ex-penditure forecasts, improved agency operations, and the removal of the threat of D.C. government shutdowns because the Federal Government shuts down. D.C.’s budget is bigger than the budg-ets of 14 States, Mr. Chairman. It raises more than $7 billion in local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.149 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4436 July 6, 2016 
funds. While D.C. is in a better finan-cial position than most cities and States, with a rainy-day fund of $2.17 billion on a total budget of $13.4 bil-lion, budget autonomy would make the district economy even stronger. Why would anybody in this House op-pose that possibility? The repeal of the referendum is not only bad policy, it is a blight on this country’s most revered principle—local control. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the gentleman from Florida, the chairman of the com-mittee, for his fine work, for his friend-ship, and I just want to say: You will be missed. I rise in opposition to the gentle-woman’s amendment. This is some-thing that we have debated for many, many hours. She knows full well what is the issue and what is not the issue, Mr. Chairman. I am here tonight to clear the record once again. To suggest that this is all just about local control and local budget auton-omy missed the foundational principles of where they have this limited right in D.C. already. It goes back to our Founding Fathers and the principles found in the Constitution. It goes back to when this was debated and actually signed into law where Democrats and Republicans came together to say that we are going to give D.C. the ability to have local control over local issues with one major exception, and that major exception had to do with the ap-propriation of funds, and truly the power that rests and resides in this es-teemed body. So to suggest that anything nefar-ious is happening would be to ignore not only history, but to ignore debate that has happened in this very Cham-ber before. The gentlewoman from D.C. has of-fered a number of times a bill to actu-ally repeal this very right. So to sug-gest that D.C. automatically has this right to be able to have budget auton-omy would go against previous argu-ments that the gentlewoman has made. So I am here tonight to say that not only am I in strong opposition, but this is something that we must stand up to for the integrity of this body and cer-tainly because of the principles that our Founding Fathers laid at this in-credible city that we call our Nation’s Capital, Washington, D.C. It was to preserve it in a way that allowed for this body to not only manage and ap-propriate, but to oversee what is the Nation’s city. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, just very briefly, I think Mr. M
EADOWS said it well. The bill before us right here continues to appropriate D.C. local funds just like it has been doing for the last 43 years under Democratic and Re-publican majorities and Democratic and Republican administrations. So this bill is no radical departure from the past. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the gentlewoman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. b2145 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, when I became chairman of this committee in the past, I think I was the first chair-man ever to say that I wanted less power rather than more power. The reason I said that was because I didn’t want to oversee the District of Colum-bia as chairman of the committee as one overseeing a colony. For me, that was very important, since I was born in the colony of Puer-to Rico and I now represent the Bronx, New York, in Congress. So it is very personal for me that I should not do to others what I don’t like people doing to my birthplace. Let’s understand something. This is not a constitutional question any longer. In my opinion, and I have been saying this for years, this is about the ability to say that you stand for things that you really don’t stand for in your own districts. So people who can’t con-trol the budget in their district go to the newspapers and say: I am very strong on controlling spending. And when you ask them where, they say: Oh, in the District of Columbia. And then they will tell you: I oppose the needle exchange programs. And they say: Where? We have one here. They say: Oh, but I do it in the Dis-trict of Columbia. And they say: And I stop women from getting their health services in order and getting abortions. They say: But it is legal here. They say: No, but I did it in the Dis-trict of Columbia. What has happened is that D.C. has become this playground for Members of Congress to say ‘‘I stand strong on these issues,’’ when, in fact, they don’t stand strong on those issues. They only stand strong on the issues of the abuse of the District of Columbia. And we will continue to do this. We will probably see it again and again and again. I mean, just look at this, and I don’t want her to feel any worse than she feels already, but she can’t vote on her own amendment today be-cause she doesn’t have a vote. The gen-tleman from Puerto Rico is in a similar situation. He can’t vote on his own amendment. He sponsored a bill with Mr. DUFFY that he can’t vote on. That is the situation we have. How can we, as the greatest country on Earth—and I don’t say that in jest. I believe it. How can we go and tell countries in Latin America and the Caribbean and the Middle East to be democratic, to be supportive of democ-racy, and then we don’t practice it on a place down the block from us—not down the block, the place where we are situated. How can we tell Puerto Rico that it can’t deal with its own situa-tion and yet tell Latin America that it must change its ways, and the Middle East that it must change its ways? We continuously have this contradiction, and we have to take care of it. This one is a simple one. This one is they passed a referendum, the courts spoke, Congress had an opportunity to say something stronger, it didn’t, and now it is trying to come back and make up for it by putting language in the bill where it doesn’t belong. Please, ladies and gentlemen, think of this vote not as a vote that can score you points back home, but a vote that can give people in the District of Columbia the ability to take their own money and spend it as they see fit, no different than North Carolina, than the Bronx, New York, or than any other community. Even Florida does it that way, too. I ask that you support Ms. NORTON ’s amendment. I probably can predict the outcome of it, but we will continue to fight this fight because it is right. And the same Constitution that may have said some things about D.C. that we are expanding on and overusing is the same Constitution that guarantees all of us the right to govern ourselves and to govern our resources and to govern how we behave. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . AMODEI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the re-quirements in section 316(b)(4)(D) of the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30118(b)(4)(D)) that the solicitation of con-tributions from member corporations’ stock-holders and executive or administrative per-sonnel, and the families of such stockholders or personnel, by trade associations must be separately and specifically approved by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.151 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4437 July 6, 2016 
member corporation involved prior to such solicitation, and that such member corpora-tion does not approve any such solicitation by more than one such trade association in any calendar year. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds being used by the FEC to enforce the prior approval requirement for trade associa-tions. The prior approval requirement is the requirement that trade associa-tions must acquire written approval for Member corporations to solicit PAC donations. They must further require stockholders and member companies to only contribute to one trade associa-tion. It is a requirement in the FEC laws that is unique amongst all PACs only to those that are trade associa-tion-related PACs. So, therefore, the objective of the amendment is to say, out of all of the PACs out there, we do not need to treat trade associations specially. We should treat everybody the same, all PACs, in-cluding trade associations. It was a re-sult of a law that was passed in 1978 which, I would submit to you, for the last 38 years, has been a solution in search of a problem. Mr. CRENSHAW. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. AMODEI. I yield to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I think it is a very good amendment that the gentleman has brought before us. It basically levels the playing field. It is not a partisan issue that is going to impact Democrats or Republicans. I would join him in urging adoption of this amendment. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, to quote a great American Republican, Ronald Reagan, ‘‘there you go again’’ trying not to allow things to be out in the open when they should be in the open. This is a new effort to funnel un-limited money into politics. Current law limits trade association PACs from soliciting member corpora-tions, their stockholders, and their ex-ecutives without permission from the corporation and limits these solicita-tions to a single trade association PAC each year. This amendment would re-move these solicitation restrictions and expand the number of solicitations a stockholder or corporate executive could get. I don’t know about you, but I think most Americans are pretty sick of po-litically motivated fundraising emails. This would expand the number of emails that many people would get. This is just another way to empower groups, like the Chamber of Commerce, over the needs of ordinary Americans. That is not right. Last I heard, most trade association PACs were not lacking for money, and most corporations, millionaires, and billionaires had plenty of loopholes in our campaign finance system. But the gentleman from Nevada seems to think differently on both counts. This bill is not the right place to change campaign finance law, let alone to change it in a way that hurts Amer-ican voters. I oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, to quote the same Ronald Reagan, ‘‘facts are stubborn things.’’ Let’s take a look at the facts here. Trade associations may give 2–1 to Republicans, since we brought up the P word for politics; however, the ones that aren’t regulated, which are labor PACs, give 9–1 to Democrats. We are not asking you to pick one or the other; we are asking you to treat them all the same. Oh, and by the way, on this very floor earlier tonight, I believe there was some discussion about we are not hid-ing anything. If you want to see who gave to whom, you go to the FEC Web site. So it is not a question of are we hiding something. I want to just give you a couple of more stubborn things, and then I will reserve. The top 20 PACs in the 2014 cycle were all outside the prior approval rule. The top three are EMILY’s List, SEIU, and the National Rifle Associa-tion. This is probably the first time those three outfits have been men-tioned in the same sentence, but they are not required to do this. By the way, Independent Electrical Contractors and the Rural Broadband Association should enjoy the same First Amendment rights to participate, which are now prohibited by this rule. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I think my Reagan quote was better than the other Reagan quote, and I stand by that comment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I will concede the point that maybe your Reagan quote was better, and I want to welcome you to the Reagan quote club. We are glad to have you on board. Let me just say this. This seeks a level playing field. I think we have a 38-year history. I provided some facts that I think are relevant. Nobody is seeking advantage here. It is to treat everybody the same. I believe the word is the E word, which is equality. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I think that this is one of those opportu-nities to insert language into an appro-priations bill that doesn’t belong there. I think the gentleman, who is a very nice guy, should rethink it. Maybe he can invite us all to his home State and we can discuss it at length, or at least to the chairman’s State and we can dis-cuss it at length, or to the Bronx to a Yankee game and we can discuss it at length. But I think that we are spending too much time here putting things in this bill that don’t belong in this bill. And we are reaching a point where we may never again see what I saw when I got here, which is the ability to see a bill stand alone and pass and get signed by the President, or, rather, what we have now where we get these omnibus bills or these continuing resolutions. We should look at that. We should look at what we are doing to the com-mittee, what we are doing to ourselves, and what we are doing to the Nation. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 114–639. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce any of the rules pro-posed pursuant to section 222 of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 222) and other statutory provisions in the Notice of Pro-posed Rulemaking that was adopted by the Federal Communications Commission on March 31, 2016 (FCC 16–39). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit funds made available by the act from being used to implement, administer, or en-force any of the rules proposed in the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking adopt-ed by the FCC on March 31, 2016. That is order FEC 16–39. It is intended to regulate ISP consumer privacy obliga-tions. b2200 Mr. Chair, there are two problems with the FCC’s actions that warrant a delay in the adoption of rules by the agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.060 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4438 July 6, 2016 
First, the FCC’s proposed rules are extreme and go well beyond anything they should be doing in this space, and it is a bipartisan concern. In May, Democrats B
OBBY RUSH, GENE GREEN , and K
URTSCHRADER joined several Re-publicans in a letter to all of the FCC Commissioners and voiced strong con-cerns that the FCC’s proposed privacy rulemaking ‘‘intends to go well be-yond’’ the traditional framework that has guarded consumers from data prac-tices of Internet service providers and ‘‘ill-serves consumers who seek and ex-pect consistency in how their personal data is protected.’’ The FTC has traditionally been our government’s sole Internet privacy reg-ulator. A dual privacy enforcement model will create confusion within the existing Internet ecosystem. The FCC simply doesn’t have the requisite tech-nical expertise to regulate privacy. Former FTC Commissioner Joshua Wright testified before the House Judi-ciary Committee that the FTC has ‘‘unique expertise’’ in ‘‘enforcing broadband service providers’ obliga-tions to protect the privacy and secu-rity of consumer data.’’ The FCC’s proposed rule would create economic harm. Former FTC Commis-sioner Joshua Wright, a GMU econo-mist, recently said that there has been no economic analysis on the rule’s im-pact. He said, ‘‘That’s a bad thing, to be clear.’’ Let me tell you something. The fact that we have an agency that is not studying and working on the economic impact and reviewing what this is going to do to the economy is abso-lutely unbelievable, especially when you look at the fact that the FCC does not have the authority and expertise to move into privacy. That is the FTC’s domain and a place where they work. This new rule has caused the FTC to bring forward two dozen additional questions; the stakeholders have pro-posed 500 questions; and the rule is a 147-page rule. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, Ameri-cans overwhelmingly agree that online privacy is a fundamental right. Accord-ing to the Pew Research Center, a large majority of Americans wants the gov-ernment to do more to protect their privacy. Consumers want a voice in how their data is shared and sold. De-spite this loud cry from the American people that we in Congress do more, this amendment would do less. It would make it harder for consumers to decide how their data is treated. Let me reread the amendment: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act can be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce any of the rules proposed pursuant to section 222 of the Communications Act.’’ These are privacy protection rules. These are rules that are meant to pro-tect consumers’ privacy. If this amend-ment becomes law, consumers will have little or no choice as to how their Internet service providers sell our most personal data. We need strong rules to protect con-sumers’ most sensitive information, and we need those rules to be enforced. American consumers need to choose for themselves whether their locations, their search histories, or their pur-chasing habits, including medical equipment, should be sold, traded, or otherwise used without their permis-sion. I believe that consumers who con-sistently demand greater privacy pro-tection online would oppose this amendment, which takes away their protections. My Republican colleagues claim that the FCC’s proposed rules for privacy protection will confuse consumers, but let’s be clear. The data shows that con-sumers are already confused when it comes to privacy. Just a few weeks ago, Georgetown law professor Paul Ohm testified before the Communica-tions and Technology Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee that privacy in the U.S. has never been uniformly controlled. For example, there are sector-specific privacy laws for consumers’ health, credit, and edu-cational information. This is not to mention the 50–State patchwork of State privacy laws all across this coun-try. Consumers want to be heard. They want more privacy. We have an obliga-tion to respond to their requests by op-posing this amendment. I urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chair, a cou-ple of points here. We have a privacy regulator. It is the Federal Trade Commission. The FTC has that jurisdiction. To add the FCC is going to cause confusion as to who is in charge of what. Everyone knows that. Do we need to pass a privacy bill? Absolutely. Do we need to pass a data security bill? Absolutely. That is the responsibility of this body. It is not the responsibility of unelected bureau-crats, who are sitting down at the FCC, who come up with a 147-page rule, and then they are not even looking, nec-essarily, at where the problem is with privacy. They are going to focus on the ISPs. They are out in front of their skis, if you will, on this one. We have a privacy regulator. It de-serves to keep that authority because it has expertise in that area. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I warned my colleagues that the other side would say that this is going to be con-fusing to consumers, but consumers are already pretty confused about their privacy protection. In fact, I will bet that everyone in this room is confused about his privacy protection. We need a body that can put privacy protection up front and create rules that make sense and that can be en-forced uniformly across the country. That is going to make customers more confident that their data is being pro-tected. That is what we need. Mr. Chair, prohibiting the FCC from using funds to enforce any proposed privacy rules would have the effect of leaving the FCC with very little room to protect consumer privacy. I don’t think that is what Americans want. Americans want their privacy pro-tected. If we remove all funds for en-forcement capabilities from the FCC we are going to be left with no privacy protection. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chair, what we have is an issue of jurisdiction. The jurisdiction is with the FTC, and they have the funds, and they do a good job of this. Let them do their job. Preemp-tion—yes, that is something that we should discuss and pass in a privacy and data security bill within this body. It should not be done by the FCC, which is saying, Hey, just trust us; just trust a Federal agency, and we will come in here and do this through the rules. It is a Big Government power grab. I think people have had enough of that. It is expensive. It is confusing. I urge support for my amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK -
BURN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–639 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. E
LLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 2 by Mr. D
UFFY of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. B
ECERRA of California. Amendment No. 4 by Mr. E
LLISON of Minnesota. Amendments En Bloc by Ms. M
OORE  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 10 by Mr. H
IMES of Connecticut. Amendment No. 11 by Mr. D
EFAZIO of Oregon. Amendment No. 12 by Mr. G
RAYSON  of Florida. Amendment No. 13 by Mr. K
ILDEE of Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.158 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4439 July 6, 2016 
Amendment No. 14 by Ms. E SHOO of California. Amendment No. 15 by Mr. E
LLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 16 by Mr. E
LLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 17 by Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. Amendment No. 19 by Ms. N
ORTON of the District of Columbia. Amendment No. 20 by Mr. A
MODEI of Nevada. Amendment No. 21 by Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN of Tennessee. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 245, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 357] AYES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—245 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—15 
Bost Brooks (IN) Buchanan Clarke (NY) Delaney Ellmers (NC) Gallego Hastings Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield b2231 Mr. REED, Mrs. BLACK, Messrs. PALAZZO, HOLDING, WALDEN, CAR-TER of Georgia, and HUNTER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. CONYERS changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, on roll-call No. 357, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 166, noes 254, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 358] AYES—166 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Olson Palmer Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.159 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4440 July 6, 2016 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—254 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) NOT VOTING—13 
Bost Buchanan Cole Delaney Ellmers (NC) Gallego Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
b2236 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . BECERRA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 359] AYES—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.064 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4441 July 6, 2016 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2240 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 236, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 360] AYES—181 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Griffith Grijalva Hastings LaMalfa Nadler Nugent Ruppersberger Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2243 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENTS EN BLOC OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
OF WISCONSIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendments en bloc of-fered by the gentlewoman from Wis-consin (Ms. M
OORE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 243, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 361] AYES—179 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.164 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4442 July 6, 2016 
NOES—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2247 So the en bloc amendments were re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . HIMES  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 238, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 362] AYES—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—12 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Palazzo Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2251 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.067 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4443 July 6, 2016 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 128, noes 294, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 363] AYES—128 
Amash Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Burgess Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davidson Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Fudge Gabbard Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanna Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hudson Huffman Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Kirkpatrick Labrador Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern Meadows Meeks Mica Mulvaney Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Palmer Payne Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Rangel Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rohrabacher Rokita Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Sires Slaughter Stewart Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—294 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cicilline Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Latta Lawrence LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Valadao Van Hollen Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2255 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 177, noes 245, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 364] AYES—177 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—245 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.171 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4444 July 6, 2016 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2258 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 236, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 365] AYES—186 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2301 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . ESHOO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.071 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4445 July 6, 2016 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 238, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 366] AYES—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOT VOTING—13 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Sires Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2304 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 167, noes 255, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 367] AYES—167 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—255 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.177 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4446 July 6, 2016 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2308 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 162, noes 255, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 368] AYES—162 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—255 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—16 
Becerra Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Lee Love Meeks Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Van Hollen Westmoreland Whitfield 
b2310 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
E-
WELL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 240, not voting 11, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.074 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4447 July 6, 2016 
[Roll No. 369] AYES—182 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2313 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 238, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 370] AYES—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.084 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4448 July 6, 2016 
Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bost Brat Buchanan Buck Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2316 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 370, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yes,’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . AMODEI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 185, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 371] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bost Buchanan Crawford Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Rigell Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2319 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 187, not voting 14, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.085 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4449 July 6, 2016 
[Roll No. 372] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—187 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Hurt (VA) Issa Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2322 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
AR-
TER of Georgia) having assumed the chair, Mr. W
OODALL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
FEDERAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS SAFEGUARDS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 803 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4361. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) kindly take the chair. b2325 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for en-hanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–666 offered by the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLE-
MAN) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–666 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 3 by Ms. N
ORTON of the District of Columbia. Amendment No. 5 by Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN of New Jersey. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 373] AYES—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.090 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4450 July 6, 2016 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2328 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . WATSON  
COLEMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 243, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 374] AYES—179 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.091 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4451 July 6, 2016 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2331 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 4361) to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 803, he reported the bill back to the House with an amend-ment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. THOMPSON of California. I am, in its current form. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve a point of order on the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Thompson of California moves to re-commit the bill H.R. 4361 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the following amendments: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists and Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings. Sec. 3. Rule of construction. Sec. 4. Severability. TITLE I—ENSURING THAT ALL INDIVID-UALS WHO SHOULD BE PROHIBITED FROM BUYING A GUN ARE LISTED IN THE NATIONAL INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM Sec. 101. Reauthorization of the National Criminal History Records Im-provement Program. Sec. 102. Improvement of metrics and incen-tives. Sec. 103. Grants to States for improvement of coordination and automation of NICS record reporting. Sec. 104. Relief from disabilities program. Sec. 105. Additional protections for vet-erans. Sec. 106. Clarification that Federal court in-formation is to be made avail-able to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. Sec. 107. Clarification that submission of mental health records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System is not prohibited by the Health In-surance Portability and Ac-countability Act. Sec. 108. Publication of NICS index statis-tics. Sec. 109. Effective date. TITLE II—PROVIDING A RESPONSIBLE AND CONSISTENT BACKGROUND CHECK PROCESS Sec. 201. Purpose. Sec. 202. Firearms transfers. Sec. 203. Penalties. Sec. 204. Firearms dispositions. Sec. 205. Firearm dealer access to law en-forcement information. Sec. 206. Dealer location. Sec. 207. Residence of United States officers. Sec. 208. Interstate transportation of fire-arms or ammunition. Sec. 209. Rule of construction. Sec. 210. Effective date. TITLE III—NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MASS VIOLENCE Sec. 301. Short title. Sec. 302. National Commission on Mass Vio-lence. Sec. 303. Duties of the Commission. Sec. 304. Powers of the Commission. Sec. 305. Commission personnel matters. Sec. 306. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 307. Termination of the Commission. TITLE IV—DENYING FIREARMS AND EX-PLOSIVES TO DANGEROUS TERROR-ISTS Sec. 401. Granting the Attorney General the authority to deny the sale, de-livery, or transfer of a firearm or the issuance of a firearms or explosives license or permit to dangerous terrorists. SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Congress supports, respects, and defends the fundamental, individual right to keep and bear arms guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. (2) Congress supports and reaffirms the ex-isting prohibition on a national firearms reg-istry. (3) Congress believes the Department of Justice should prosecute violations of back-ground check requirements to the maximum extent of the law. (4) There are deficits in the background check system in existence prior to the date of enactment of this Act and the Department of Justice should make it a top priority to work with States to swiftly input missing records, including mental health records. (5) Congress and the citizens of the United States agree that in order to promote safe and responsible gun ownership, dangerous criminals and the seriously mentally ill should be prohibited from possessing fire-arms; therefore, it should be incumbent upon all citizens to ensure weapons are not being transferred to such people. 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or any amendment made by this Act, shall be construed to— (1) expand in any way the enforcement au-thority or jurisdiction of the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives; or (2) allow the establishment, directly or in-directly, of a Federal firearms registry. 
SEC. 4. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or an amend-ment made by this Act, or the application of a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid for any reason in any court of competent jurisdic-tion, the remainder of this Act and amend-ments made by this Act, and the application of the provisions and amendment to any other person or circumstance, shall not be affected. TITLE I—ENSURING THAT ALL INDIVID-UALS WHO SHOULD BE PROHIBITED FROM BUYING A GUN ARE LISTED IN THE NATIONAL INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM 
SEC. 101. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORDS IM-PROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 106(b) of Public Law 103–159 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists and Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2016’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for grants under this subsection $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019.’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPROVEMENT OF METRICS AND IN-CENTIVES. 
Section 102(b) of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Denying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.092 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4452 July 6, 2016 
Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Ter-rorists and Public Safety and Second Amend-ment Rights Protection Act of 2016, the At-torney General, in coordination with the States, shall establish, for each State or In-dian tribal government applying for a grant under section 103, a 4-year implementation plan to ensure maximum coordination and automation of the reporting of records or making of records available to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. ‘‘(2) B
ENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each 4- year plan established under paragraph (1) shall include annual benchmarks, including both qualitative goals and quantitative measures, to enable the Attorney General to assess implementation of the 4-year plan. ‘‘(3) P
ENALTIES FOR NON -COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—During the 4-year period covered by a 4-year plan established under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall withhold— ‘‘(i) 10 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the first year in the 4-year period; ‘‘(ii) 11 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the second year in the 4-year period; ‘‘(iii) 13 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the third year in the 4-year period; and ‘‘(iv) 15 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State does not meet the benchmark estab-lished under paragraph (2) for the fourth year in the 4-year period. ‘‘(B) F
AILURE TO ESTABLISH A PLAN .—A State that fails to establish a plan under paragraph (1) shall be treated as having not met any benchmark established under para-graph (2).’’. 
SEC. 103. GRANTS TO STATES FOR IMPROVEMENT OF COORDINATION AND AUTOMA-TION OF NICS RECORD REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (1) by striking section 103 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 103. GRANTS TO STATES FOR IMPROVE-MENT OF COORDINATION AND AU-TOMATION OF NICS RECORD RE-PORTING. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—From amounts made available to carry out this section, the At-torney General shall make grants to States, Indian Tribal governments, and State court systems, in a manner consistent with the Na-tional Criminal History Improvement Pro-gram and consistent with State plans for in-tegration, automation, and accessibility of criminal history records, for use by the State, or units of local government of the State, Indian Tribal government, or State court system to improve the automation and transmittal of mental health records and criminal history dispositions, records rel-evant to determining whether a person has been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence, court orders, and mental health adjudications or commitments to Federal and State record repositories in ac-cordance with section 102 and the National Criminal History Improvement Program. ‘‘(b) USE OF GRANT AMOUNTS .—Grants awarded to States, Indian Tribal govern-ments, or State court systems under this section may only be used to— ‘‘(1) carry out, as necessary, assessments of the capabilities of the courts of the State or Indian Tribal government for the automa-tion and transmission of arrest and convic-tion records, court orders, and mental health adjudications or commitments to Federal and State record repositories; ‘‘(2) implement policies, systems, and pro-cedures for the automation and transmission of arrest and conviction records, court or-ders, and mental health adjudications or commitments to Federal and State record repositories; ‘‘(3) create electronic systems that provide accurate and up-to-date information which is directly related to checks under the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, including court disposition and corrections records; ‘‘(4) assist States or Indian Tribal govern-ments in establishing or enhancing their own capacities to perform background checks using the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System; and ‘‘(5) develop and maintain the relief from disabilities program in accordance with sec-tion 105. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible for a grant under this section, a State, Indian Tribal government, or State court system shall cer-tify, to the satisfaction of the Attorney Gen-eral, that the State, Indian Tribal govern-ment, or State court system— ‘‘(A) is not prohibited by State law or court order from submitting mental health records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; and ‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (2), has imple-mented a relief from disabilities program in accordance with section 105. ‘‘(2) R
ELIEF FROM DISABILITIES PROGRAM .— For purposes of obtaining a grant under this section, a State, Indian Tribal government, or State court system shall not be required to meet the eligibility requirement described in paragraph (1)(B) until the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of the De-nying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists and Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2016. ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(1) S
TUDIES , ASSESSMENTS , NON-MATERIAL  
ACTIVITIES .—The Federal share of a study, assessment, creation of a task force, or other non-material activity, as determined by the Attorney General, carried out with a grant under this section shall be not more than 25 percent. ‘‘(2) I
NFRASTRUCTURE OR SYSTEM DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Federal share of an activity in-volving infrastructure or system develop-ment, including labor-related costs, for the purpose of improving State or Indian Tribal government record reporting to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System carried out with a grant under this section may amount to 100 percent of the cost of the activity. ‘‘(e) G
RANTS TO INDIAN TRIBES .—Up to 5 percent of the grant funding available under this section may be reserved for Indian tribal governments for use by Indian tribal judicial systems. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019.’’; (2) by striking title III; and (3) in section 401(b), by inserting after ‘‘of this Act’’ the following: ‘‘and 18 months after the date of enactment of the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Ter-rorists and Public Safety and Second Amend-ment Rights Protection Act of 2016’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections in section 1(b) of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 103 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 103. Grants to States for improvement of coordination and automation of NICS record reporting.’’. 
SEC. 104. RELIEF FROM DISABILITIES PROGRAM. 
Section 105 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) 10 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—During the 1- year period beginning 2 years after the date of enactment of the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists and Pub-lic Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall withhold 10 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State has not implemented a re-lief from disabilities program in accordance with this section. ‘‘(2) 11 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—During the 1- year period after the expiration of the period described in paragraph (1), the Attorney Gen-eral shall withhold 11 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State has not implemented a re-lief from disabilities program in accordance with this section. ‘‘(3) 13 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—During the 1- year period after the expiration of the period described in paragraph (2), the Attorney Gen-eral shall withhold 13 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State has not implemented a re-lief from disabilities program in accordance with this section. ‘‘(4) 15 
PERCENT REDUCTION .—After the expi-ration of the 1-year period described in para-graph (3), the Attorney General shall with-hold 15 percent of the amount that would otherwise be allocated to a State under sec-tion 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) if the State has not implemented a relief from dis-abilities program in accordance with this section. ‘‘(5) R
EALLOCATION .—Amounts not allo-cated under section 505 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) to a State for failure to im-plement a relief from disabilities program shall be reallocated to States that are in compliance.’’. 
SEC. 105. ADDITIONAL PROTECTIONS FOR VET-ERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 5511. Conditions for treatment of certain persons as adjudicated mentally incom-petent for certain purposes ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In any case arising out of the administration by the Secretary of laws and benefits under this title, a person who is determined by the Secretary to be mentally incompetent shall not be consid-ered adjudicated pursuant to subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18 until— ‘‘(1) in the case in which the person does not request a review as described in sub-section (c)(1), the end of the 30-day period be-ginning on the date on which the person re-ceives notice submitted under subsection (b); or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.093 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4453 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(2) in the case in which the person re-quests a review as described in paragraph (1) of subsection (c), upon an assessment by the board designated or established under para-graph (2) of such subsection or court of com-petent jurisdiction that a person cannot safely use, carry, possess, or store a firearm due to mental incompetency. ‘‘(b) N
OTICE .—Notice submitted under this subsection to a person described in sub-section (a) is notice submitted by the Sec-retary that notifies the person of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) The determination made by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(2) A description of the implications of being considered adjudicated as a mental de-fective under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18. ‘‘(3) The person’s right to request a review under subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .—(1) Not later than 30 days after the date on which a person described in subsection (a) receives notice submitted under subsection (b), such person may request a review by the board designed or established under paragraph (2) or a court of competent jurisdiction to assess whether a person cannot safely use, carry, possess, or store a firearm due to mental incompetency. In such assessment, the board may consider the person’s honorable discharge or decora-tion. ‘‘(2) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists and Pub-lic Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2016, the Secretary shall designate or establish a board that shall, upon request of a person under paragraph (1), assess whether a person cannot safely use, carry, possess, or store a firearm due to men-tal incompetency. ‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of an assessment of a per-son under subsection (c) by the board des-ignated or established under paragraph (2) of such subsection, such person may file a peti-tion for judicial review of such assessment with a Federal court of competent jurisdic-tion. ‘‘(e) P
ROTECTING RIGHTS OF VETERANS WITH E
XISTING RECORDS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Ter-rorists and Public Safety and Second Amend-ment Rights Protection Act of 2016, the Sec-retary shall provide written notice of the op-portunity for administrative review and ap-peal under subsection (c) to all persons who, on the date of enactment of the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Ter-rorists and Public Safety and Second Amend-ment Rights Protection Act of 2016, are con-sidered adjudicated pursuant to subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18 as a re-sult of having been found by the Department of Veterans Affairs to be mentally incom-petent. ‘‘(f) F
UTURE DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists and Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2016, the Secretary shall review the policies and procedures by which individuals are determined to be men-tally incompetent, and shall revise such poli-cies and procedures as necessary to ensure that any individual who is competent to manage his own financial affairs, including his receipt of Federal benefits, but who vol-untarily turns over the management thereof to a fiduciary is not considered adjudicated pursuant to subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of sec-tion 922 of title 18. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the Secretary has made the review and changes required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report detailing the results of the review and any resulting policy and procedural changes.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 55 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘5511. Conditions for treatment of certain persons as adjudicated men-tally incompetent for certain purposes.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 5511 of title 38, United States Code (as added by this sec-tion), shall apply only with respect to per-sons who are determined by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, to be mentally incom-petent, except that those persons who are provided notice pursuant to section 5511(e) of such title shall be entitled to use the admin-istrative review under section 5511(c) of such title and, as necessary, the subsequent judi-cial review under section 5511(d) of such title. 
SEC. 106. CLARIFICATION THAT FEDERAL COURT INFORMATION IS TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE NATIONAL IN-STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. 
Section 103(e)(1) of Public Law 103–159 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the United States’ and ‘Federal department or agency’ include a Federal court; and ‘‘(ii) for purposes of any request, submis-sion, or notification, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall perform the functions of the head of the department or agency.’’. 
SEC. 107. CLARIFICATION THAT SUBMISSION OF MENTAL HEALTH RECORDS TO THE NATIONAL INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM IS NOT PROHIBITED BY THE HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND AC-COUNTABILITY ACT. 
Information collected under section 102(c)(3) of the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) to as-sist the Attorney General in enforcing sec-tion 922(g)(4) of title 18, United States Code, shall not be subject to the regulations pro-mulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note). 
SEC. 108. PUBLICATION OF NICS INDEX STATIS-TICS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and biannually there-after, the Attorney General shall make the National Instant Criminal Background Check System index statistics available on a publically accessible Internet website. 
SEC. 109. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this title shall take effect 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. TITLE II—PROVIDING A RESPONSIBLE AND CONSISTENT BACKGROUND CHECK PROCESS 
SEC. 201. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to enhance the current background check process in the United States to ensure criminals and the mentally ill are not able to purchase fire-arms. 
SEC. 202. FIREARMS TRANSFERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by repealing subsection (s); (2) by redesignating subsection (t) as sub-section (s); (3) in subsection (s), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) in the case of an instant background check conducted at a gun show or event dur-ing the 4-year period beginning on the effec-tive date under section 210(a) of the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Ter-rorists and Public Safety and Second Amend-ment Rights Protection Act of 2016, 48 hours have elapsed since the licensee contacted the system, and the system has not notified the licensee that the receipt of a firearm by such other person would violate subsection (g) or (n) of this section; or ‘‘(iv) in the case of an instant background check conducted at a gun show or event after the 4-year period described in clause (iii), 24 hours have elapsed since the licensee con-tacted the system, and the system has not notified the licensee that the receipt of a firearm by such other person would violate subsection (g) or (n) of this section; and’’; (B) in paragraph (3)(C)(ii), by striking ‘‘(as defined in subsection (s)(8))’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘chief law enforcement offi-cer’ means the chief of police, the sheriff, or an equivalent officer or the designee of any such individual; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘gun show or event’ has the meaning given the term in subsection (t)(7). ‘‘(8) The Federal Bureau of Investigation shall not charge a user fee for a background check conducted pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(9) Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, upon receiving a request for an instant background check that originates from a gun show or event, the system shall complete the instant background check be-fore completing any pending instant back-ground check that did not originate from a gun show or event.’’; and (4) by inserting after subsection (s), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(t)(1) Beginning on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section and except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for any person other than a licensed dealer, licensed manufac-turer, or licensed importer to complete the transfer of a firearm to any other person who is not licensed under this chapter, if such transfer occurs— ‘‘(A) at a gun show or event, on the curtilage thereof; or ‘‘(B) pursuant to an advertisement, post-ing, display or other listing on the Internet or in a publication by the transferor of his intent to transfer, or the transferee of his in-tent to acquire, the firearm. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if— ‘‘(A) the transfer is made after a licensed importer, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer has first taken possession of the fire-arm for the purpose of complying with sub-section (s), and upon taking possession of the firearm, the licensee complies with all re-quirements of this chapter as if the licensee were transferring the firearm from the li-censee’s business inventory to the unlicensed transferee, except that when processing a transfer under this chapter the licensee may accept in lieu of conducting a background check a valid permit issued within the pre-vious 5 years by a State, or a political sub-division of a State, that allows the trans-feree to possess, acquire, or carry a firearm, if the law of the State, or political subdivi-sion of a State, that issued the permit re-quires that such permit is issued only after an authorized government official has verified that the information available to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.093 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4454 July 6, 2016 
such official does not indicate that posses-sion of a firearm by the unlicensed trans-feree would be in violation of Federal, State, or local law; ‘‘(B) the transfer is made between an unli-censed transferor and an unlicensed trans-feree residing in the same State, which takes place in such State, if— ‘‘(i) the Attorney General certifies that State in which the transfer takes place has in effect requirements under law that are generally equivalent to the requirements of this section; and ‘‘(ii) the transfer was conducted in compli-ance with the laws of the State; ‘‘(C) the transfer is made between spouses, between parents or spouses of parents and their children or spouses of their children, between siblings or spouses of siblings, or be-tween grandparents or spouses of grand-parents and their grandchildren or spouses of their grandchildren, or between aunts or un-cles or their spouses and their nieces or nephews or their spouses, or between first cousins, if the transferor does not know or have reasonable cause to believe that the transferee is prohibited from receiving or possessing a firearm under Federal, State, or local law; or ‘‘(D) the Attorney General has approved the transfer under section 5812 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(3) A licensed importer, licensed manufac-turer, or licensed dealer who processes a transfer of a firearm authorized under para-graph (2)(A) shall not be subject to a license revocation or license denial based solely upon a violation of those paragraphs, or a violation of the rules or regulations promul-gated under this paragraph, unless the li-censed importer, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer— ‘‘(A) knows or has reasonable cause to be-lieve that the information provided for pur-poses of identifying the transferor, trans-feree, or the firearm is false; ‘‘(B) knows or has reasonable cause to be-lieve that the transferee is prohibited from purchasing, receiving, or possessing a fire-arm by Federal or State law, or published or-dinance; or ‘‘(C) knowingly violates any other provi-sion of this chapter, or the rules or regula-tions promulgated thereunder. ‘‘(4)(A) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this chapter, except for section 923(m), the Attorney General may implement this subsection with regulations. ‘‘(B) Regulations promulgated under this paragraph may not include any provision re-quiring licensees to facilitate transfers in ac-cordance with paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(C) Regulations promulgated under this paragraph may not include any provision re-quiring persons not licensed under this chap-ter to keep records of background checks or firearms transfers. ‘‘(D) Regulations promulgated under this paragraph may not include any provision placing a cap on the fee licensees may charge to facilitate transfers in accordance with paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(5)(A) A person other than a licensed im-porter, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer, who makes a transfer of a firearm in accordance with this section, or who is the organizer of a gun show or event at which such transfer occurs, shall be immune from a qualified civil liability action relating to the transfer of the firearm as if the person were a seller of a qualified product. ‘‘(B) A provider of an interactive computer service shall be immune from a qualified civil liability action relating to the transfer of a firearm as if the provider of an inter-active computer service were a seller of a qualified product. ‘‘(C) In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘interactive computer serv-ice’ shall have the meaning given the term in section 230(f) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230(f)); and ‘‘(ii) the terms ‘qualified civil liability ac-tion’, ‘qualified product’, and ‘seller’ shall have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 4 of the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (15 U.S.C. 7903). ‘‘(D) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the immunity of a pro-vider of an interactive computer service under section 230 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230). ‘‘(6) In any civil liability action in any State or Federal court arising from the criminal or unlawful use of a firearm fol-lowing a transfer of such firearm for which no background check was required under this section, this section shall not be construed— ‘‘(A) as creating a cause of action for any civil liability; or ‘‘(B) as establishing any standard of care. ‘‘(7) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘gun show or event’— ‘‘(A) means any event at which 75 or more firearms are offered or exhibited for sale, ex-change, or transfer, if 1 or more of the fire-arms has been shipped or transported in, or otherwise affects, interstate or foreign com-merce; and ‘‘(B) does not include an offer or exhibit of firearms for sale, exchange, or transfer by an individual from the personal collection of that individual, at the private residence of that individual, if the individual is not re-quired to be licensed under section 923.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITING THE SEIZURE OF RECORDS  
ORDOCUMENTS .—Section 923(g)(1)(D) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘The inspection and examination authorized by this para-graph shall not be construed as authorizing the Attorney General to seize any records or other documents other than those records or documents constituting material evidence of a violation of law.’’ and inserting ‘‘The At-torney General shall be prohibited from seiz-ing any records or other documents in the course of an inspection or examination au-thorized by this paragraph other than those records or documents constituting material evidence of a violation of law.’’. (c) P
ROHIBITION OF NATIONAL GUNREG-
ISTRY .—Section 923 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) The Attorney General may not con-solidate or centralize the records of the— ‘‘(1) acquisition or disposition of firearms, or any portion thereof, maintained by— ‘‘(A) a person with a valid, current license under this chapter; or ‘‘(B) an unlicensed transferor under section 922(t); or ‘‘(2) possession or ownership of a firearm, maintained by any medical or health insur-ance entity.’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) S
ECTION 922 .—Section 922(y)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the mat-ter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, (g)(5)(B), and (s)(3)(B)(v)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (g)(5)(B)’’. (2) C
ONSOLIDATED AND FURTHER CONTINUING  
APPROPRIATIONS ACT , 2012.—Section 511 of title V of division B of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection 922(t)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (s) or (t) of section 922’’. 
SEC. 203. PENALTIES. 
Section 924 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) Whoever makes or attempts to make a transfer of a firearm in violation of section 922(t) to a person not licensed under this chapter who is prohibited from receiving a firearm under subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 or State law, to a law enforcement offi-cer, or to a person acting at the direction of, or with the approval of, a law enforcement officer authorized to investigate or prosecute violations of section 922(t), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) IMPROPER USE OF STORAGE OF  R
ECORDS .—Any person who knowingly vio-lates section 923(m) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both.’’. 
SEC. 204. FIREARMS DISPOSITIONS. 
Section 922(b)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘located’’ and inserting ‘‘lo-cated or temporarily located’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘rifle or shotgun’’ and in-serting ‘‘firearm’’; (B) by striking ‘‘located’’ and inserting ‘‘located or temporarily located’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘both such States’’ and in-serting ‘‘the State in which the transfer is conducted and the State of residence of the transferee’’. 
SEC. 205. FIREARM DEALER ACCESS TO LAW EN-FORCEMENT INFORMATION. 
Section 103(b) of Public Law 103–159 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) V
OLUNTARY BACKGROUND CHECKS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of the Denying Firearms and Explo-sives to Dangerous Terrorists and Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Pro-tection Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall promulgate regulations allowing li-censees to use the National Instant Criminal Background Check System established under this section for purposes of conducting vol-untary preemployment background checks on prospective employees.’’. 
SEC. 206. DEALER LOCATION. 
Section 923 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (j)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, and such location is in the State which is speci-fied on the license’’; and (B) in the last sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘transfer,’’ after ‘‘sell,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Act,’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘Act.’’; and (2) by adding after subsection (m), as added by section 202(c), the following: ‘‘(n) Nothing in this chapter shall be con-strued to prohibit the sale, transfer, deliv-ery, or other disposition of a firearm or am-munition not otherwise prohibited under this chapter— ‘‘(1) by a person licensed under this chapter to another person so licensed, at any loca-tion in any State; or ‘‘(2) by a licensed importer, licensed manu-facturer, or licensed dealer to a person not licensed under this chapter, at a temporary location described in subsection (j) in any State.’’. 
SEC. 207. RESIDENCE OF UNITED STATES OFFI-CERS. 
Section 921 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (b) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) For purposes of this chapter: ‘‘(1) A member of the Armed Forces on ac-tive duty, or a spouse of such a member, is a resident of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.093 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4455 July 6, 2016 
‘‘(A) the State in which the member or spouse maintains legal residence; ‘‘(B) the State in which the permanent duty station of the member is located; and ‘‘(C) the State in which the member main-tains a place of abode from which the mem-ber commutes each day to the permanent duty station of the member. ‘‘(2) An officer or employee of the United States (other than a member of the Armed Forces) who is stationed outside the United States for a period of more than 1 year, and a spouse of such an officer or employee, is a resident of the State in which the person maintains legal residence.’’. 
SEC. 208. INTERSTATE TRANSPORTATION OF FIREARMS OR AMMUNITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 926A of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 926A. Interstate transportation of firearms or ammunition ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘transport’— ‘‘(1) includes staying in temporary lodging overnight, stopping for food, fuel, vehicle maintenance, an emergency, medical treat-ment, and any other activity incidental to the transport; and ‘‘(2) does not include transportation— ‘‘(A) with the intent to commit a crime punishable by imprisonment for a term ex-ceeding 1 year that involves a firearm; or ‘‘(B) with knowledge, or reasonable cause to believe, that a crime described in subpara-graph (A) is to be committed in the course of, or arising from, the transportation. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding any provision of any law (including a rule or reg-ulation) of a State or any political subdivi-sion thereof, a person who is not prohibited by this chapter from possessing, trans-porting, shipping, or receiving a firearm or ammunition shall be entitled to— ‘‘(1) transport a firearm for any lawful pur-pose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the fire-arm to any other such place if, during the transportation— ‘‘(A) the firearm is unloaded; and ‘‘(B)(i) if the transportation is by motor vehicle— ‘‘(I) the firearm is not directly accessible from the passenger compartment of the motor vehicle; or ‘‘(II) if the motor vehicle is without a com-partment separate from the passenger com-partment, the firearm is— ‘‘(aa) in a locked container other than the glove compartment or console; or ‘‘(bb) secured by a secure gun storage or safety device; or ‘‘(ii) if the transportation is by other means, the firearm is in a locked container or secured by a secure gun storage or safety device; and ‘‘(2) transport ammunition for any lawful purpose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the ammunition, to any other such place if, dur-ing the transportation— ‘‘(A) the ammunition is not loaded into a firearm; and ‘‘(B)(i) if the transportation is by motor vehicle— ‘‘(I) the ammunition is not directly acces-sible from the passenger compartment of the motor vehicle; or ‘‘(II) if the motor vehicle is without a com-partment separate from the passenger com-partment, the ammunition is in a locked container other than the glove compartment or console; or ‘‘(ii) if the transportation is by other means, the ammunition is in a locked con-tainer. ‘‘(c) LIMITATION ON ARREST AUTHORITY .—A person who is transporting a firearm or am-munition may not be— ‘‘(1) arrested for violation of any law or any rule or regulation of a State, or any po-litical subdivision thereof, relating to the possession, transportation, or carrying of firearms or ammunition, unless there is probable cause that the transportation is not in accordance with subsection (b); or ‘‘(2) detained for violation of any law or any rule or regulation of a State, or any po-litical subdivision thereof, relating to the possession, transportation, or carrying of firearms or ammunition, unless there is rea-sonable suspicion that the transportation is not in accordance with subsection (b).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 926A and inserting the following: ‘‘926A. Interstate transportation of firearms or ammunition.’’. 
SEC. 209. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title, or an amendment made by this title, shall be construed— (1) to extend background check require-ments to transfers other than those made at gun shows or on the curtilage thereof, or pursuant to an advertisement, posting, dis-play, or other listing on the Internet or in a publication by the transferor of the intent of the transferor to transfer, or the transferee of the intent of the transferee to acquire, the firearm; or (2) to extend background check require-ments to temporary transfers for purposes including lawful hunting or sporting or to temporary possession of a firearm for pur-poses of examination or evaluation by a pro-spective transferee. 
SEC. 210. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), this title and the amend-ments made by this title shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) F
IREARM DEALER ACCESS TO LAWEN-
FORCEMENT INFORMATION .—Section 205 and the amendments made by section 205 shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE III—NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MASS VIOLENCE 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Commission on Mass Violence Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 302. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MASS VIO-LENCE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION .—There is established a commission to be known as the National Commission on Mass Violence (in this title referred to as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) to study the availability and nature of firearms, including the means of acquiring firearms, issues relating to mental health, and all positive and negative impacts of the availability and nature of firearms on inci-dents of mass violence or in preventing mass violence. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) A
PPOINTMENTS .—The Commission shall be composed of 12 members, of whom— (A) 6 members of the Commission shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Sen-ate, in consultation with the Minority Lead-er of the Senate, 1 of whom shall serve as Chairman of the Commission; and (B) 6 members of the Commission shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Minority Leader of the House of Representa-tives, 1 of whom shall serve as Vice Chair-man of the Commission. (2) P
ERSONS ELIGIBLE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The members appointed to the Commission shall include— (i) well-known and respected individuals among their peers in their respective fields of expertise; and (ii) not less than 1 non-elected individual from each of the following categories, who has expertise in the category, by both experi-ence and training: (I) Firearms. (II) Mental health. (III) School safety. (IV) Mass media. (B) EXPERTS .—In identifying the individ-uals to serve on the Commission, the ap-pointing authorities shall take special care to identify experts in the fields described in section 303(a)(2). (C) P
ARTY AFFILIATION .—Not more than 6 members of the Commission shall be from the same political party. (3) C
OMPLETION OF APPOINTMENTS ; VACAN -
CIES.—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the appointing au-thorities under paragraph (1) shall each make their respective appointments. Any va-cancy that occurs during the life of the Com-mission shall not affect the powers of the Commission, and shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment not later than 30 days after the vacancy occurs. (4) O
PERATION OF THE COMMISSION .— (A) M
EETINGS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chairman. (ii) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The initial meeting of the Commission shall be conducted not later than 30 days after the later of— (I) the date of the appointment of the last member of the Commission; or (II) the date on which appropriated funds are available for the Commission. (B) Q
UORUM ; VACANCIES ; VOTING ; RULES .—A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum to conduct busi-ness, but the Commission may establish a lesser quorum for conducting hearings sched-uled by the Commission. Each member of the Commission shall have 1 vote, and the vote of each member shall be accorded the same weight. The Commission may establish by majority vote any other rules for the con-duct of the Commission’s business, if such rules are not inconsistent with this title or other applicable law. 
SEC. 303. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be the duty of the Commission to conduct a comprehensive fac-tual study of incidents of mass violence, in-cluding incidents of mass violence not in-volving firearms, in the context of the many acts of senseless mass violence that occur in the United States each year, in order to de-termine the root causes of such mass vio-lence. (2) M
ATTERS TO BE STUDIED .—In deter- mining the root causes of these recurring and tragic acts of mass violence, the Com-mission shall study any matter that the Commission determines relevant to meeting the requirements of paragraph (1), including at a minimum— (A) the role of schools, including the level of involvement and awareness of teachers and school administrators in the lives of their students and the availability of mental health and other resources and strategies to help detect and counter tendencies of stu-dents towards mass violence; (B) the effectiveness of and resources avail-able for school security strategies to prevent incidents of mass violence; (C) the role of families and the availability of mental health and other resources and strategies to help families detect and counter tendencies toward mass violence; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.093 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4456 July 6, 2016 
(D) the effectiveness and use of, and re-sources available to, the mental health sys-tem in understanding, detecting, and coun-tering tendencies toward mass violence, as well as the effects of treatments and thera-pies; (E) whether medical doctors and other mental health professionals have the ability, without negative legal or professional con-sequences, to notify law enforcement offi-cials when a patient is a danger to himself or others; (F) the nature and impact of the alienation of the perpetrators of such incidents of mass violence from their schools, families, peer groups, and places of work; (G) the role that domestic violence plays in causing incidents of mass violence; (H) the effect of depictions of mass vio-lence in the media, and any impact of such depictions on incidents of mass violence; (I) the availability and nature of firearms, including the means of acquiring such fire-arms, and all positive and negative impacts of such availability and nature on incidents of mass violence or in preventing mass vio-lence; (J) the role of current prosecution rates in contributing to the availability of weapons that are used in mass violence; (K) the availability of information regard-ing the construction of weapons, including explosive devices, and any impact of such in-formation on such incidents of mass vio-lence; (L) the views of law enforcement officials, religious leaders, mental health experts, and other relevant officials on the root causes and prevention of mass violence; (M) incidents in which firearms were used to stop mass violence; and (N) any other area that the Commission determines contributes to the causes of mass violence. (3) T
ESTIMONY OF VICTIMS AND SURVIVORS .— In determining the root causes of these re-curring and tragic incidents of mass vio-lence, the Commission shall, in accordance with section 304(a), take the testimony of victims and survivors to learn and memori-alize their views and experiences regarding such incidents of mass violence. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Based on the find-ings of the study required under subsection (a), the Commission shall make rec-ommendations to the President and Congress to address the causes of these recurring and tragic incidents of mass violence and to re-duce such incidents of mass violence. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 3 months after the date on which the Commis-sion first meets, the Commission shall sub-mit to the President and Congress an in-terim report describing any initial rec-ommendations of the Commission. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date on which the Commission first meets, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a comprehensive re-port of the findings and conclusions of the Commission, together with the recommenda-tions of the Commission. (3) S
UMMARIES .—The report under para-graph (2) shall include a summary of— (A) the reports submitted to the Commis-sion by any entity under contract for re-search under section 304(e); and (B) any other material relied on by the Commission in the preparation of the report. 
SEC. 304. POWERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) H EARINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, administer such oaths, take such tes-timony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out its duties under section 303. (2) WITNESS EXPENSES .—Witnesses re-quested to appear before the Commission shall be paid the same fees as are paid to wit-nesses under section 1821 of title 28, United States Code. (b) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.—The Commission may secure directly from any Federal agency such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out its duties under section 143. Upon the request of the Commission, the head of such agency may furnish such information to the Commission. (c) I
NFORMATION TOBEKEPT CONFIDEN -
TIAL.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall be considered an agency of the Federal Govern-ment for purposes of section 1905 of title 18, United States Code, and any individual em-ployed by any individual or entity under contract with the Commission under sub-section (d) of this section shall be considered an employee of the Commission for the pur-poses of section 1905 of title 18, United States Code. (2) D
ISCLOSURE .—Information obtained by the Commission or the Attorney General under this title and shared with the Commis-sion, other than information available to the public, shall not be disclosed to any person in any manner, except— (A) to Commission employees or employees of any individual or entity under contract to the Commission under subsection (d) for the purpose of receiving, reviewing, or proc-essing such information; (B) upon court order; or (C) when publicly released by the Commis-sion in an aggregate or summary form that does not directly or indirectly disclose— (i) the identity of any person or business entity; or (ii) any information which could not be re-leased under section 1905 of title 18, United States Code. (d) C
ONTRACTING FOR RESEARCH .—The Com- mission may enter into contracts with any entity for research necessary to carry out the duties of the Commission under section 303. 
SEC. 305. COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .—Each member of the Commission who is not an of-ficer or employee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which such member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Com-mission. All members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the United States shall serve without compensation in addition to that received for their services as officers or employees of the United States. (b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the Commission shall be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of service for the Commis-sion. (c) S
TAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman of the Com-mission may, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional employees as may be nec-essary to enable the Commission to perform its duties. The employment and termination of an executive director shall be subject to confirmation by a majority of the members of the Commission. (2) C
OMPENSATION .—The executive director shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. The Chairman may fix the com-pensation of other employees without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and sub-chapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of po-sitions and General Schedule pay rates, ex-cept that the rate of pay for such employees may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (3) DETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .— Any Federal Government employee, with the approval of the head of the appropriate Fed-eral agency, may be detailed to the Commis-sion without reimbursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status, benefits, or privilege. (d) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND  I
NTERMITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairman of the Commission may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for indi-viduals not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5316 of such title. 
SEC. 306. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission and any agency of the Fed-eral Government assisting the Commission in carrying out its duties under this title such sums as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this title. Any sums appro-priated shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until expended. 
SEC. 307. TERMINATION OF THE COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall terminate 30 days after the Commission submits the final re-port under section 303(c)(2). TITLE IV—DENYING FIREARMS AND EX-PLOSIVES TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS 
SEC. 401. GRANTING THE ATTORNEY GENERAL THE AUTHORITY TO DENY THE SALE, DELIVERY, OR TRANSFER OF A FIRE-ARM OR THE ISSUANCE OF A FIRE-ARMS OR EXPLOSIVES LICENSE OR PERMIT TO DANGEROUS TERROR-ISTS. 
(a) S TANDARD FOR EXERCISING ATTORNEY  G
ENERAL DISCRETION REGARDING TRANSFER -
RING FIREARMS OR ISSUING FIREARMS PER-
MITS TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting the following new section after section 922: ‘‘§ 922A. Attorney General’s discretion to deny transfer of a firearm ‘‘The Attorney General may deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922(t)(1)(B)(ii) if the Attorney General deter-mines that the transferee is known (or ap-propriately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the prospective transferee may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’; (2) by inserting the following new section after section 922A: ‘‘§ 922B. Attorney General’s discretion regard-ing applicants for firearm permits which would qualify for the exemption provided under section 922(t)(3) ‘‘The Attorney General may determine that an applicant for a firearm permit which would qualify for an exemption under section 922(t)(3) is known (or appropriately sus-pected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing ma-terial support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the ap-plicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.093 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4457 July 6, 2016 
(3) in section 921(a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(36) The term ‘terrorism’ means ‘inter-national terrorism’ as defined in section 2331(1), and ‘domestic terrorism’ as defined in section 2331(5). ‘‘(37) The term ‘material support’ means ‘material support or resources’ within the meaning of section 2339A or 2339B. ‘‘(38) The term ‘responsible person’ means an individual who has the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the appli-cant or licensee pertaining to firearms.’’. (b) E
FFECT OF ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL THROUGH THE NATIONAL IN-
STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM  (NICS) 
ONFIREARMS PERMITS .—Section 922(t) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘or State law, or that the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A’’ before the semi-colon; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting after ‘‘or State law’’ the following: ‘‘or if the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A’’; (3) in paragraph (3)(A)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-clause (I); and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) was issued after a check of the sys-tem established pursuant to paragraph (1);’’; (4) in paragraph (3)(A)— (A) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (ii); and (B) by adding after and below the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the State issuing the permit agrees to deny the permit application if such other person is the subject of a determination by the Attorney General pursuant to section 922B;’’; (5) in paragraph (4), by inserting after ‘‘or State law,’’ the following: ‘‘or if the Attor-ney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A,’’; and (6) in paragraph (5), by inserting after ‘‘or State law,’’ the following: ‘‘or if the Attor-ney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A,’’. (c) U
NLAWFUL SALE OR DISPOSITION OF  F
IREARM BASED ON ATTORNEY GENERAL DIS-
CRETIONARY DENIAL .—Section 922(d) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (8); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (9) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) has been the subject of a determina-tion by the Attorney General pursuant to section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(1)(H), or 923(e) of this title.’’. (d) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 922(g) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (8); (2) by striking the comma at the end of paragraph (9) and inserting; ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) who has received actual notice of the Attorney General’s determination made pur-suant to section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(1)(H), or 923(e) of this title,’’. (e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL FIREARMS LICENSES .—Sec- tion 923(d)(1) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any’’ and inserting ‘‘Ex-cept as provided in subparagraph (H), any’’; (2) in subparagraph (F)(iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (G), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) The Attorney General may deny a li-cense application if the Attorney General de-termines that the applicant (including any responsible person) is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in con-nection with terrorism.’’. (f) DISCRETIONARY REVOCATION OF FEDERAL  F
IREARMS LICENSES .—Section 923(e) of such title is amended— (1) in the 1st sentence— (A) by inserting after ‘‘revoke’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘—(1)’’; and (B) by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; (2) in the 2nd sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘The Attorney General may, after notice and opportunity for hear-ing, revoke’’ and insert ‘‘(2)’’; and (B) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) any license issued under this section if the Attorney General determines that the holder of the license (including any respon-sible person) is known (or appropriately sus-pected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing ma-terial support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the ap-plicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’. (g) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TO WITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN FIREARMS LICENSE DE-
NIAL AND REVOCATION SUIT.—Section 923(f) of such title is amended— (1) in the 1st sentence of paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, except that if the denial or rev-ocation is pursuant to subsection (d)(1)(H) or (e)(3), then any information on which the At-torney General relied for this determination may be withheld from the petitioner if the Attorney General determines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security’’ before the period; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting after the 3rd sentence the following: ‘‘With respect to any information withheld from the aggrieved party under paragraph (1), the United States may submit, and the court may rely on, summaries or redacted versions of docu-ments containing information the disclosure of which the Attorney General has deter-mined would likely compromise national se-curity.’’. (h) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TO WITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN RELIEF FROM DISABIL -
ITIES LAWSUITS .—Section 925(c) of such title is amended by inserting after the 3rd sen-tence the following: ‘‘If receipt of a firearm by the person would violate section 922(g)(10), any information which the Attor-ney General relied on for this determination may be withheld from the applicant if the Attorney General determines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security. In responding to the peti-tion, the United States may submit, and the court may rely on, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security.’’. (i) P
ENALTIES .—Section 924(k) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (2); (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, or’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) constitutes an act of terrorism (as de-fined in section 921(a)(36)), or material sup-port thereof (as defined in section 921(a)(37)); or’’. (j) REMEDY FOR ERRONEOUS DENIAL OF  F
IREARM OR FIREARM PERMIT EXEMPTION .— Section 925A of such title is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘Remedy for erroneous denial of firearm ’’ and inserting ‘‘Remedies’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Any person denied a fire-arm pursuant to subsection (s) or (t) of sec-tion 922’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) Except as provided in subsection (b), any person denied a firearm pursuant to sec-tion 922(t) or pursuant to a determination made under section 922B,’’; and (3) by adding after and below the end the following: ‘‘(b) In any case in which the Attorney General has denied the transfer of a firearm to a prospective transferee pursuant to sec-tion 922A or has made a determination re-garding a firearm permit applicant pursuant to section 922B, an action challenging the de-termination may be brought against the United States. The petition must be filed not later than 60 days after the petitioner has re-ceived actual notice of the Attorney Gen-eral’s determination made pursuant to sec-tion 922A or 922B. The court shall sustain the Attorney General’s determination on a show-ing by the United States by a preponderance of evidence that the Attorney General’s de-termination satisfied the requirements of section 922A or 922B. To make this showing, the United States may submit, and the court may rely on, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing information the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely compromise na-tional security. On request of the petitioner or the court’s own motion, the court may re-view the full, undisclosed documents ex parte and in camera. The court shall deter-mine whether the summaries or redacted versions, as the case may be, are fair and ac-curate representations of the underlying doc-uments. The court shall not consider the full, undisclosed documents in deciding whether the Attorney General’s determina-tion satisfies the requirements of section 922A or 922B.’’. (k) P
ROVISION OF GROUNDS UNDERLYING IN-
ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION BY THE NATIONAL  I
NSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYS-
TEM.—Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act (Public Law 103–159) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)— (A) by inserting after ‘‘is ineligible to re-ceive a firearm,’’ the following: ‘‘or the At-torney General has made a determination re-garding an applicant for a firearm permit pursuant to section 922B of title 18, United States Code’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘the system shall provide such reasons to the individual,’’ the following: ‘‘except for any information the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely compromise na-tional security’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the 1st sentence, by inserting after ‘‘subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code or State law’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘or if the Attorney General has made a determination pursuant to section 922A or 922B of such title,’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘, except any information the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely compromise na-tional security’’ before the period; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any petition for review of information withheld by the Attorney General under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.093 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4458 July 6, 2016 
subsection shall be made in accordance with section 925A of title 18, United States Code.’’. (l) U
NLAWFUL DISTRIBUTION OF EXPLOSIVES  B
ASED ON ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY  D
ENIAL .—Section 842(d) of such title is amended— (1) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (9) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) has received actual notice of the At-torney General’s determination made pursu-ant to section 843(b)(8) or (d)(2) of this title.’’. (m) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 842(i) of such title is amended— (1) by adding ‘‘; or’’ at the end of paragraph (7); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) who has received actual notice of the Attorney General’s determination made pur-suant to section 843(b)(8) or (d)(2),’’. (n) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LICENSES AND  P
ERMITS .—Section 843(b) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Upon’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (8), on’’; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) The Attorney General may deny the issuance of a permit or license to an appli-cant if the Attorney General determines that the applicant or a responsible person or em-ployee possessor thereof is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion of, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use explosives in con-nection with terrorism.’’. (o) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY  R
EVOCATION OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LI-
CENSES AND PERMITS .—Section 843(d) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ in the first sentence after ‘‘if’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end of the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘; or (2) the Attorney General determines that the licensee or holder (or any responsible person or employee possessor thereof) is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and that the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use ex-plosives in connection with terrorism.’’. (p) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TO WITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN EXPLOSIVES LICENSE  
ANDPERMIT DENIAL AND REVOCATION SUITS.— Section 843(e) of such title is amended— (1) in the 1st sentence of paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘except that if the denial or rev-ocation is based on a determination under subsection (b)(8) or (d)(2), then any informa-tion which the Attorney General relied on for the determination may be withheld from the petitioner if the Attorney General deter-mines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security’’ before the period; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In responding to any petition for review of a denial or revocation based on a determination under section 843(b)(8) or (d)(2), the United States may submit, and the court may rely on, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security.’’. (q) A
BILITY TO WITHHOLD INFORMATION IN  C
OMMUNICATIONS TO EMPLOYERS .—Section 843(h)(2) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or section 843(b)(1) (on grounds of terrorism) of this title,’’ after ‘‘section 842(i),’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or section 843(b)(8)’’ after ‘‘section 842(i)’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except that any information that the Attorney Gen-eral relied on for a determination pursuant to section 843(b)(8) may be withheld if the Attorney General concludes that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security’’ before the semicolon. (r) CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO IMMIGRA -
TION AND NATIONALITY ACT.—Section 101(a)(43)(E)(ii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), or (10)’’. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to in-crease public safety by permitting the Attor-ney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives li-censes to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist, and to protect Second Amendment rights, ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, and provide a re-sponsible and consistent background check process.’’. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. My motion to recommit would incor-porate into the underlying legislation H.R. 1076, a bipartisan measure of no fly, no buy, and H.R. 1217, another bi-partisan bill to strengthen our back-ground check system for gun sales. These bills are common sense. They are bipartisan. They respect the Sec-ond Amendment. I am a gun owner. If these bills did anything to violate those rights, my name wouldn’t be on them. Most importantly, they would help keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them: terrorists, crimi-nals, domestic abusers, and the dan-gerously mentally ill. H.R. 1076 was introduced by our Re-publican colleague P
ETER KING. This bill says that if you are on the FBI’s terrorist no-fly list then you don’t get to walk into a gun store, pass a back-ground check, and leave with a gun or guns of your choosing. If there is one thing both sides of the aisle should be able to agree on it is keeping guns from suspected terrorists, and 181 Members of this House have signed the petition to force an up-or-down vote on the bill. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote on this legislation. The second bill, H.R. 1217, is a bipar-tisan, pro-Second Amendment bill that would close dangerous loopholes in our background check system that allow criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill to bypass a background check and purchase guns online, at gun shows, or through classi-fied ads. The bill has 186 bipartisan co-authors. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote on this legislation. These are the bills the American peo-ple want to see enacted into law as 85 percent of Americans favor banning in-dividuals on the no-fly list from being able to buy a gun, and 90 percent of Americans support strengthening and expanding our background check sys-tem. We have been calling for a vote on this bipartisan legislation to reduce gun violence for 31⁄2years. It was that long ago that 20 elementary school kids and six educators were shot to death at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. For reasons that I will never under-stand, that horrific tragedy was not enough to convince the Republican leadership that something needed to be done to prevent the next tragedy. Sadly, in the 3
1⁄2years that the Repub-licans have refused to vote on legisla-tion to keep guns out of dangerous hands, our country has lost far too many innocent lives to gun violence. Let me give you some numbers: 3
1⁄2, the number of years it has been since Sandy Hook; 34,000, the number of peo-ple killed by someone with a gun since Sandy Hook; 1,182, the number of mass shootings since Sandy Hook; 30, the number of moments of silence since Sandy Hook; 521, the number of legisla-tive days since Sandy Hook; most im-portantly, the number zero. That is the number of votes we have taken in this House to keep guns out of dangerous hands. That is shameful. Congress has a responsibility to take action to keep our communities safe from gun violence. With this motion, our Republican colleagues have an op-portunity right here, right now, to vote on these bills. We are here to represent and to fight for the people we have the privilege to serve. The overwhelming majority of Amer-ican people wants to see their elected representatives take action to help keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them: terrorists, crimi-nals, domestic abusers, and the dan-gerously mentally ill. This debate isn’t a choice between respecting the Second Amendment or reducing gun violence. It is about Congress doing both. Mr. Speaker, it is long past time for the Republican leadership to give us a vote on this pro-Second Amendment, pro-gun safety legislation. We can’t allow mass gun violence, followed by moments of silence and no action, to become America’s new normal. We can’t wait for more innocent lives to be cut short by someone who has used a gun. We need to pass this motion and help spare families the pain of losing a loved one to gun violence. Give us a vote. Pass this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.093 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4459 July 6, 2016 
I yield back the balance of my time. b2340 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I raise a point of order against the motion be-cause the instruction contains matter in the jurisdiction of a committee to which the resolution was not referred, thus violating clause 7 of rule XVI which requires an amendment to be germane to the measure being amend-ed. The committee of jurisdiction is a central test of germaneness; therefore, I must insist on the point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Are there any other Members who wish to speak on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The gentleman from Utah makes a point of order that the instructions proposed in the motion to recommit of-fered by the gentleman from California are not germane. The bill addresses operational and administrative aspects of Federal agen-cies, including information technology management, government-wide rule-making restrictions, and sundry per-sonnel matters. The instructions in the motion to recommit address, in part, adjudication of veterans under title 38, United States Code. Among the fundamental principles of germaneness is that an amendment must confine itself to matters that fall within the jurisdiction of the commit-tees with jurisdiction over the pending measure. The bill, as amended, falls within the legislative jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on the Ju-diciary. The instructions contained in the motion to recommit address sub-ject matter within the legislative juris-diction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. The Chair would note that the relevant portion of the text of the in-structions contained in the motion to recommit is similar in form to the bill, H.R. 1217, which was referred in addi-tion to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By addressing a matter within the ju-risdiction of a committee not rep-resented in the bill, the instructions propose an amendment that is not ger-mane. The point of order is sustained. The motion is not in order. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to table the appeal of the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill, if arising with-out further proceedings in recom-mittal. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 182, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 375] AYES—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b2357 Mr. YARMUTH changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.196 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4460 July 6, 2016 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 181, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 376] AYES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bost Buchanan Delaney Ellmers (NC) Hastings Nadler Nugent Takai Turner Westmoreland Whitfield 
b0003 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–670) on the resolution (H. Res. 809) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GEN-ERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UCK). Pursuant to House Resolution 794 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5485. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) kindly take the chair. b0005 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for finan-cial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
ONOVAN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 21 printed in House Re-port 114–639 offered by the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 114–639. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Each amount made available by this Act that is not required to be appro-priated or otherwise made available by a pro-vision of law is hereby reduced by 1 percent. In the preceding sentence, the term ‘‘this Act’’ includes titles IV and VIII. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I know especially our ranking member has been looking so forward to having this amendment come to the floor to-night because we have such great, ro-bust discussions every year when I bring this amendment forward. It is calling for a 1 percent across-the-board reduction in the spending that is al-lowed through this appropriations bill. The reason I continue each year to move forward with presenting these is because across-the-board spending re-ductions work. It is a way that you hold the entire agency accountable for making those reductions. It is a way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.199 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4461 July 6, 2016 
that you say: No, you are not going to be able to reposition money that maybe was for one thing and you really want to spend it on another. This is money that goes back. You are not going to spend it because the taxpayers continue to tell us they are overtaxed, that government has over-spent. And we are piling on the debt every single year. Quite frankly, the American people are tired of it. I can tell you that, as our millennials come of age and look at government spending, they are, indeed, tired of it. They feel like it is time for this House to get back into good fiscal shape, to get to fiscal health. Now, I commend the committee for the work they have done. It is $21.7 bil-lion base that is in this bill. It is $2.7 billion below the President’s request. It is $1.5 billion below the enacted 2016 level. This is work that is to be com-mended, but I really believe there is more that needs to be done. The spend-ing reduction of 1 percent across the board is turning to our Federal em-ployees, rank-and-file employees, and saying: Help us with this. Be a part of the team. Let’s push back to fiscal health. It will save us $217 million. This is something we should accept the challenge on. So should our Federal agencies. We should do this for our children and our grandchildren. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b0010 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I re-luctantly rise to oppose the gentle-woman’s amendment, my good friend from Tennessee. I appreciate her concern for the out- of-control spending that goes on in Washington. I think a lot of people are concerned about that. The problem is that she has got the wrong approach. She pointed out very clearly that we have already reduced the spending in this bill by 6.5 percent. We oversee and fund about 20 different agencies, and we have said we are going to reduce the overall spending by $1.5 billion, 6.5 per-cent. But when you do an across-the-board cut, you lose sight of the fact that some programs are actually working well and others are wasting money. And we did that. That is what the ap-propriations process is about. We have eight different full hearings. We have 1,800 Member requests from both sides of the aisle. While we reduce spending overall, we have some good programs that I think my good friend probably really doesn’t want to cut. For instance, we have something called the Small Business Administration. That is an agency that helps small businesses finance their next big deal, and we increased the spending for SBA because they are the ones that create jobs. They are the ones that grow the economy. They have programs that help women-owned businesses, and I don’t think she really wants to cut them because they are doing the job they ought to do. You have got other things like HIDTA. You hear people talk about that, the High Intensity Drug Traf-ficking Areas. This is a combination of the Federal and the State and local government. They all work together to stop this epidemic of drugs. Opiates, we have got more people dying from her-oin overdose than we have 4 straight years. Those are programs that we added money to while we reduced the spending overall. When you cut across the board, you treat all the agencies just alike. Her amendment would treat the IRS just like the SBA, and, obviously, they are different, because one of the things we do, we reduced spending heavily with the IRS. We cut them $236 million. So that is the right approach. This appropriations subcommittee has taken that approach. We have looked hard. The programs that work, we fund them, give them additional money; programs that don’t work, that waste money, we cut them. So that is the way you do it. We have done it here well, so I am going to have to reluctantly ask every-one to actually oppose this wonderful amendment that my good friend has brought. It is just a little misguided. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, a couple of thoughts there. Across-the-board reductions work. This is what we see our States use. In-deed, in Oklahoma, one of our former colleagues who is the Governor there, December, 3 percent cut, came back in March, 4 percent across-the-board cut because everyone has some skin in the game. Of course, there are good programs like the Small Business Administra-tion, absolutely, good programs there. But I guarantee you, if you challenge those employees, yes, they can find a penny out of a dollar, absolutely. They can, just like their friends and col-leagues at the State level or at local levels. They can do that. They can find the savings. And they need the oppor-tunity to participate in getting our na-tional debt under control and ending these annual deficits. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, can you tell me how much time I have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. CRENSHAW. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), the ranking member. Mr. SERRANO. I join you, Mr. Chair-man, in opposition to this amendment. With all due respect to the gentle-woman, I think she hasn’t read this particular committee’s bill over the last few years. It has been cut and cut and cut and cut. If I was going to give cutting budgets high marks, I would have to say the Republicans have done a great job be-cause they have cut and they have cut and they have cut. So I don’t see the purpose of across-the-board cuts being more effective than the cuts that are taking place now—if cuts are, indeed, effective. I think they are not. I think they hurt agencies. I think they hurt programs. I think they hurt the ability to propose changes and to make our economy grow. But if you think that they are good, then just look at the percentage cuts that this committee has taken. Where else could we cut from? We have got agencies where we have practically de-stroyed their ability to do their work, and now we want an across-the-board cut. Across-the-board cuts simply sound good, but they don’t propose anything. What we need to do is really try to get back to regular order, to try to make the Appropriations Committee what it used to be, a committee that appropriated and not a committee that cuts. That is all we do now: we cut and we cut and we cut. Somewhere along the line, it is going to hurt us because somewhere in this country, right now, in another time zone, there is a young man or young woman, or both, working with lab coats on, trying to find a cure for some disease, trying to deal with the Zika virus, and yet we keep cutting and cut-ting and cutting. So across the board sounds good. Across the board is a big mistake. It should be defeated. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I would remind my colleague across the aisle that it was individuals from his party over in the Senate that chose not to handle the Zika funding last week. That is very unfortunate. Zika is some-thing that is going to be such a chal-lenge for families and individuals dur-ing our time, and I find those actions to be most unfortunate. Another thing that I would like to say, not to see the purpose in spending reductions, we have $19 trillion worth of debt. If we are going to spend over $3 trillion this year, you want to tell me that we don’t need to be making some spending reductions? There is $21.7 billion worth of spend-ing here, so the Appropriations Com-mittee is appropriating money. Many times it is money we don’t have. It is money taxpayers do not have in their pockets. And we have children and grandchildren today who are paying for programs that they do not want, pro-grams that we do not need, that have outlived their usefulness, programs that could be more efficient with utili-zation of new technologies. Should we be reducing what we spend and right-sizing government and get-ting Federal agencies off the back and out of the pocketbook of the American taxpayer? You better believe we ought 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.202 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4462 July 6, 2016 
to be doing that. And if it means an-other penny out of a dollar, absolutely, absolutely, make another reduction. Challenge employees to come to the table with their best ideas. It is the way Governors do it, the way mayors do it. It is the way this House should do it. I encourage support. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, why not 2 percent? Why not 5 percent? Why not another 10 percent? The point is, Mr. Chairman, this sub-committee has done its job. It has re-duced spending, 6.5 percent cut. We take the IRS back to what they were funded in 2008. We have done our job, and good programs receive more money. We ought not to be cutting them. So I appreciate her interest in con-trolling spending, and I guess she would compliment us for the work that we have done and, therefore, we don’t need the amendment that she has of-fered. So I urge everyone to vote ‘‘no’’ and reject that. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. b0020 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider Amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salary of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, dur-ing the period beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act and ending on January 20, 2017, at a rate of pay greater than a pro rated annual rate of pay of $0. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is necessary because of the serious mis-takes by the IRS. The IRS targeted political groups just because they disagreed with the groups’ political beliefs, a practice that is patently un-American. But the prob-lems with the IRS didn’t just stop with the discrimination. The IRS destroyed evidence that Congress requested, by subpoena, for a congressional inves-tigation into the discrimination issue. This action was, at the very least, in-competent and unethical. The IRS is out of control, a problem that ultimately rests with President Obama; but the President has been un-willing to work with Congress on this issue. Because of his unwillingness to address these serious ethical violations at the Nation’s tax collection service, Congress must take immediate action to eliminate the position of IRS Com-missioner. The Commissioner is ap-pointed by the President and serves at the pleasure of the President. Unfortu-nately, we simply cannot trust anyone that President Obama appoints in that position. Under this amendment, the salary for the IRS Commissioner will not be re-stored until January 20, 2017, when the next President can appoint a commis-sioner the American people can trust. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. It would cut the pay of the IRS Commissioner down to zero. I thought that this was what the Re-publicans wanted to do to the whole Federal budget, but I guess this is a start. This is nothing more than a political cheap shot. I am sure there are those out there who think that Members of Congress should be paid nothing or next to nothing, and so this could start a trend. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment. I think people should realize that this is really the worst kind of statement possible. How much time do I have remaining, Mr. Chairman? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 4 minutes remain-ing. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ). Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Chairman, it is not too often I come to the floor to op-pose an amendment, especially at this late hour; but when I was sworn in as a Member of Congress, I took an oath to defend and uphold the Constitution. I have grave concerns that this amend-ment is unconstitutional. The U.S. Constitution expressly pro-hibits the Federal Government from enacting what are known as bills of at-tainder. A bill of attainder is a law that legislatively determines guilt and inflicts punishment upon an identifi-able individual without provision of the protections of a judicial trial. Courts use two main criteria to de-termine whether legislation is a bill of attainder: one, whether specific indi-viduals are affected; and, two, whether legislation inflicts punishment. Clearly, the specific prong is met here: this amendment punitively tar-gets a specific individual—the IRS Commissioner. The Supreme Court has held that targeting specific employees for reduction in pay is punishment. Specifically, in United States v. Lov-ett, the Supreme Court held that a pro-vision in an appropriations bill which cut off the pay of certain named gov-ernment employees was punishment and struck down that provision as un-constitutional. Under this precedent, punitively tar-geting the IRS Commissioner in an ap-propriations law by reducing his pay is an unconstitutional act. Some might claim that because the IRS Commissioner is appointed, the precedent is somehow not applicable. To the contrary, in Lovett, the three government employees who had their pay cut were, in fact, political ap-pointees. Others might claim that because it names an office rather than an indi-vidual, it will somehow pass a constitu-tional test. This is a distinction with-out a difference. There is only one Commissioner of Internal Revenue. He is readily ascertainable. My fellow colleagues, this is not about whether you believe the IRS Commissioner has done a good job or whether you believe he has committed an impeachable or censurable offense. This is a separate question, and this should be dealt with in a separate proc-ess. This is not about defending the IRS Commissioner. This is about defending the United States Constitution. We should uphold our oaths, and we should defeat this amendment. Mr. BUCK. May I inquire how much time do I have remaining, Mr. Chair-man? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Colorado has 4 minutes remain-ing. Mr. BUCK. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Colorado. I just want to come here to praise what he is doing because I think this amend-ment is not only constitutional, I think it is common sense. I would say that at three different levels. I would say first it is about ac-countability in government. One of the reasons that people back home have told me they like the Trump candidacy is because they believe he would actu-ally fire people in Washington, D.C., something that doesn’t ever seem to happen. Whether you like the Trump candidacy or not, this notion of some-thing other than an endless trail of words being the only measure of ac-countability in Washington, D.C., is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.204 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4463 July 6, 2016 
something that, indeed, makes com-mon sense to most regular folks that I talk to back at home. Two, I think this is about common sense in affirming Congress’ power of the purse. In fact, the only real power that Congress has is the power of the purse, not ultimately for the executive branch or the judicial branch to decide, but for Congress to decide what do we fund, when do we fund it, and how much do we fund it by? Finally, this is about common sense in reasserting authority with regard to Article I, section 9, clause 7. People talk about too much in the way of ex-ecutive overreach. They are weary of it. What article I says there is that ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in consequence of appropria-tions made by law.’’ What I think is interesting—with due respect to my colleague from the Mid-west in what he just raised—is I am sure that he voted to defund Planned Parenthood, and I am sure he voted to defund ACORN. I have raised amend-ments that would, for instance, defund the Alaska regional commission where there is one employee. Congress has that power to go out and say that this does or doesn’t make sense, whether there are one, 50, or 500 employees at a given locality. If we lose that right, we lose real jurisdic-tion in moving forward within the three-branch system of government. So I think that this is both constitutional and common sense. I think it is impor-tant that we assert this authority. I thank the gentleman for allowing me to speak on the amendment. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, despite what my colleague from Ohio contends, this amendment comports the ruling of the United States v. Lovett, a 1946 Su-preme Court case dealing with a bill of attainder. The guidelines in Lovett, this amendment singles out no individ-uals, but, rather, attempts to restruc-ture the managerial level of a govern-ment agency, a task well within Con-gress’ power of the purse. This task is necessary because the position has proven especially wasteful over the past few years, failing to rein in abuse within the agency that led to congres-sional investigations. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, I want to apologize to Mr. R
ENACCI for wrecking his name. It has happened to me a lot of times. Secondly, I am not a lawyer, but what the gentleman said made a lot of sense to me. I wonder—I wonder—if what applies to us could, in front of some judge with some good lawyers around, also apply to this agency. We can’t raise or reduce our salary during one period or during one con-gressional period. We have to do it for the next Congress. We can’t do it for ourselves. I wonder if someone could rule that you can’t just lower the sal-ary of the commissioner to zero during the term of that commissioner. Now, here is the other thing. We know that the argument is being made that it is a reduction to the agency, to bring the director of the agency, who-ever he is, to zero. But there is nobody silly enough here to think that it is not directed at one person, and that is really very silly to just direct at one person and to start this trend of having zero as a salary. b0030 There is only one person in this coun-try right now that is running for some-thing that can afford not to get paid, and he will probably get paid. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 24 will not be offered. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would like to use this time to en-gage in a colloquy with my friend, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ- B
ALART ). Instead of moving forward with my amendment, as I had intended, that would enable our agriculture producers to sell products to Cuba on credit for the next fiscal year, we have agreed to work together and find a long-term so-lution that will work for our agri-culture producers over time. Until today, there seemed to be no path forward for an agreement, but I have gotten commitments from the leadership and my friends from Florida that there will be a proper path for-ward. We have agreed to find a solution that does a number of things: Supports a long-term solution for our agriculture producers to sell commod-ities to Cuban buyers by eliminating restrictions in current law that weaken our producers’ competitiveness; Lists a number of the impediments, a cash restriction being one of those, a cash requirement for purchases; Support for the thorough examina-tion of the Cuban market potential for agriculture producers through a delib-erative process across each relevant committee of jurisdiction; and Examines other long-term solutions that enable the United States to ex-pand market access to the Cuban peo-ple. At a time when net farm income has dropped by more than 55 percent, it is critical that we work together to find ways to make this work on a long-term basis because there is no easy fix. Our producers are ready to sell products to the 11 million people in Cuba that rep-resent a market value in excess of $1 billion a year. I thank the hard work and efforts of the agriculture, business, humani-tarian, and religious organizations in supporting this amendment. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues from Florida, the committee chairs, the leadership, and the Agriculture Committee on a solution we can all agree on. Mr. CRENSHAW. I yield to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. DIAZ- B
ALART ). Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I understand how important this issue is for the gentleman from Arkansas and for his constituents and salute him for his efforts. As we all know, our farmers are some of the most patriotic Americans. I be-lieve we should do everything we can to help them sell American agricul-tural products throughout the world. But we cannot, at the same time, help a Communist regime that harbors and supports terrorists and fugitives from U.S. law, the largest confiscator of U.S. property in history, fails to pay its debt, is one of the worst violators of human rights and religious freedom in the Western Hemisphere, is a top coun-terintelligence threat to the United States and a threat to democracy in Latin America. I commit to my friend that I will sit down with him, along with my col-leagues Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN and Mr. C
URBELO , to come up with a solution that meets the needs of the farmers that we all represent but does not en-danger our national security or support the Castro regime, its military, or in-telligence services. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . DAVIDSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 114–639. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, add the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to change Selective Service System registration requirements in contravention of section 3 of the Military Se-lective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3802). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.208 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4464 July 6, 2016 
from Ohio (Mr. D AVIDSON ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Congress, in Article I, section 8 of the Constitution, has the power to raise and regulate armies. That relates to the Selective Service System. We have decided to use the Selective Service System to register men for the draft for many years now. During the course of this year, there has been discussion here in Washington about requiring women to register for the draft. Many families back home aren’t aware of this, and especially many young women aren’t aware of this, Mr. Chairman. I am asking that no funds from this appropriation be used for the Selective Service System to modify the current requirements. The purpose of that would be to let Congress do our job—to go back home and talk to our families and talk to our young women, listen to them, and come back here. If we are going to modify the Selective Service System, we do that with purpose and intent and we do that here in Congress. We don’t let the administration or yet another executive agency decide some-thing of their own accord or yet let the courts reach in. We should be clear in our intent to the courts that we don’t need them or want them to come in and decide the rule. It is ripe for that unless we act. In Rostker v. Goldberg in 1981, the Supreme Court upheld that the Selec-tive Service registration for men was, in fact, constitutional and not dis-criminatory, primarily because it was to register for combat. At that time, Congress had made it clear that women were not permitted to be in certain combat roles. Since 2013, that has no longer been the case, so it is ripe for the courts to reach in as well. As Congress, we really need to act. My intent by asking that none of these funds be used by the Selective Service System to modify the current rule is that it would give us time to talk with our families, talk with young women, and then take a more considered ac-tion. It does not prevent anything that is being discussed in the Armed Serv-ices Committee or in our military, women being in any type of role. It doesn’t take a position on any of that. It doesn’t take a position on the future of the Selective Service. It just says let’s not change it right now, and let’s make sure that Congress takes action on it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, this may come to be known as the ‘‘just in case bill’’ because it takes out some-thing that doesn’t exist anywhere in a House bill. That is why I am opposed to this amendment. First, this is a policy issue that should be left to the Armed Services Committees. As you know, the Senate version of the FY 2017 National Defense Author-ization Act included a change to mili-tary policy that would, for the first time, require young women to register for the draft. Defense Department leaders have al-ready backed the idea of adding women to the draft, while emphasizing they do not see any scenario where a draft will actually happen. For the R
ECORD , no Americans have been pressed into involuntary service since the last draft ended in 1973. Furthermore, lawmakers have also included in the legislative language re-quiring a full review of the Selective Service System and possible ‘‘alter-natives’’ to the current system. I believe, since the Department of Defense lifted the ban on women in combat roles, every American who is physically qualified should register for the draft or we should do away with it. I urge all Members to vote their be-liefs on this issue. That is the proper way. Republican leadership did not allow this to be a vote on the defense bill. Now Members have a chance to deal with this issue and be on the record if they support Selective Service allow-ing women to be part of the draft. Now, we know that this is a touchy issue. We know that there are differing thoughts and this is very emotional, but some of us would say that this is a very fair issue. If we are going to reg-ister people, knowing there is no draft in place at this point, then let every-one be registered. And to suggest that there are young ladies who are out there afraid of what is going to happen to them, they are in the same situation as young men, and young men know that there is no draft. b0040 I think this is something that is sort of a what-if situation. Just in case you are thinking of doing this, don’t do it. I don’t think we should legislate that way. If it reaches a point at which ev-erybody has to sign up, then everybody will be doing his part for the country. I don’t see a problem right now, and we shouldn’t create a problem where a problem does not exist. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, as the gentleman from New York rightly pointed out, the Selective Service is under review right now in terms of what we shall do with it. It is in the right place. It is here in Congress. We should be doing that and not trusting the administration or the Se-lective Service System to come up with its own decrees. That is the con-cern, that there has been too much of that during the past 7-plus years and that families aren’t looking for yet an-other edict to be decreed from Wash-ington, D.C., and to catch them off guard. As Members of Congress, we don’t need to go back home and have families and young women ask us: Where were you on this? This does give us a chance to say here is where we are. This bill, frankly, buys us time to do a more considered action. Why complicate things in the midst of further consideration by trusting the administration, which has not proven to be trustworthy on issuing rules and edicts, to stay the course with us? In fact, it is likely to not do that. The hope here is that we take the considered action that we will, and we should do that with the advice and con-sent of the well-informed public back home. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio will be post-poned. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) having assumed the chair, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropria-tions for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses, had come to no resolution there-on. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ELANEY (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and July 7 on ac-count of death in family. Mr. N
ADLER (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of medical. 
f 
EXPENDITURES BY THE OFFICE OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRA -
TION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 6, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 676 of the 113th Congress, as continued by section 3(f)(2) of H. Res. 5 of the 114th Congress, I write with the following en-closure which is a statement of the aggre-gate amount expended on outside counsel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JY7.211 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4465 July 6, 2016 
and other experts on any civil action author-ized by H. Res. 676. Sincerely, C
ANDICE S. M ILLER , Chairman. 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT EXPENDED ON OUTSIDE COUNSEL OR OTHER EXPERTS 
[H. Res. 676] 
July 1–September 30, 2014 ................................................... ........................October 1–December 31, 2014 .............................................. $42,875.00 January 1–March 31, 2015 ................................................... 50,000.00 April 1–June 30, 2015 ........................................................... 29,915.00 July 1–September 30, 2015 ................................................... 21,000.00 October 1–December 31, 2015 .............................................. 45,707.67 January 1–March 31, 2016 ................................................... 15,124.00 April 1–June 30, 2016 ........................................................... ........................
Total .............................................................................. 204,621.67 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 44 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Thurs-day, July 7, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5900. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Use of Electronic Information Ex-change Systems; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: APHIS-2016-0016] received June 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5901. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Defense Contractors Performing Private Security Functions (DFARS Case 2015-D021) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0045] (RIN: 0750-AI69) re-ceived June 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 5902. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Treatment of Interagency and State and Local Pur-chases (DFARS Case 2016-D009) [Docket No.: DARS-2016-0007] (RIN: 0750-AI88) received June 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 5903. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s interim rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Pilot Program on Acquisition of Military Purpose Nondevelopmental Items (DFARS Case 2016- D014) [Docket No.: DARS-2016-0015] (RIN: 0750-AI93) received June 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5904. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant General Counsel for Regulatory Serv-ices, Office of the General Counsel, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final priorities and definitions — Ful-bright-Hays Group Projects Abroad Program — Short-Term Projects and Long-Term Projects [Docket ID: ED-2015-OPE-0134] re-ceived June 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5905. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus amyloliquefaciens strain PTA-4838; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP- 2015-0420; FRL-9946-62] received June 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5906. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; Sulfur Dioxide [EPA-R05-OAR- 2015-0366; FRL-9948-21-Region 5] received June 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5907. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; TN; Redesignation of Shelby County 2008 8-Hour Ozone Nonattain-ment Area to Attainment [EPA-R04-OAR- 2016-0018; FRL-9948-02-Region 4] received June 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5908. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michi-gan; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R05-OAR-2016-0230; FRL- 9946-98-Region 5] received June 22, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5909. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Missouri; Cross-State Air Pollution Rule [EPA-R07-OAR-2016-0302; FRL-9948-15-Region 7] received June 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5910. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Kansas; Cross-State Air Pol-lution Rule [EPA-R07-OAR-2016-0303; FRL- 9948-13-Region 7] received June 22, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5911. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Effluent Limitations Guide-lines and Standards for the Oil and Gas Ex-traction Point Source Category [EPA-HQ- OW-2014-0598; FRL-9947-87-OW] (RIN: 2040- AF35) received June 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2646. A bill to make avail-able needed psychiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals with men-tal illness and families in mental health cri-sis, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–667, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CARTER of Texas: Committee on Ap-propriations. H.R. 5634. A bill making appro-priations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–668). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee of Conference. Conference report on S. 524. An act to au-thorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use Rept. 114–669). Ordered to be printed. [Filed on July 7 (legislative day of July 6), 2016] Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 809. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the conference report to accom-pany the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–670). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Ways and Means and Education and the Workforce dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 2646 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. D ELBENE (for herself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. K IL-
MER): H.R. 5628. A bill to accelerate the use of wood in buildings, especially tall wood build-ings, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VARGAS (for himself and Mr. H
UNTER ): H.R. 5629. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a California New River restoration program to build on, and help co-ordinate funding for, restoration and protec-tion efforts relating to the New River, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 5630. A bill to require the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to apply cer-tain procedures before granting a certificate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.099 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4466 July 6, 2016 
of public convenience and necessity for a proposed pipeline project, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 5631. A bill to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, Ways and Means, and Intel-ligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DOLD (for himself, Mr. C
OURT -
NEY, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. R IBBLE ): H.R. 5632. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to provide payments to communities in which a nuclear power plant that has ceased generating elec-tricity and that stores spent nuclear fuel on-site is located, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ZINKE: H.R. 5633. A bill to authorize and imple-ment the water rights compact among the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Res-ervation, the State of Montana, and the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. K
IND, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, and Mr. K
ILDEE ): H.R. 5635. A bill to promote effective reg-istered apprenticeships, for skills, creden-tials, and employment, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. P
OSEY , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 5636. A bill to increase the effective-ness of and accountability for maintaining the physical security of NIST facilities and the safety of the NIST workforce; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. SANFORD (for himself, Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. G OH-
MERT ): H.R. 5637. A bill to prevent a fiscal crisis by enacting legislation to balance the Federal budget through reductions of discretionary and mandatory spending; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 5638. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment at the Department of Energy of a Solar Fuels Basic Research Initiative; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. MOOLENAAR (for himself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. T
ONKO , and Mr. G RAYSON ): H.R. 5639. A bill to update the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 5640. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment at the Department of Energy of an Electricity Storage Basic Research Initia-tive; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 5641. A bill to amend the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 in order to improve career and technical education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5642. A bill to provide adequate re-sources for the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion and the VALOR Officer Safety Initia-tive; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5643. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for active shooter and mass casualty incident response assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in ad-dition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5644. A bill to authorize the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Education, to establish a pilot program to make grants to historically Black colleges and universities to provide educational pro-grams to offenders who have recently been, or will soon be, released from incarceration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5645. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants for Alzheimer’s disease research; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 5646. A bill to require U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement to take into custody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury of another person, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): H.R. 5647. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat certain ride-shar-ing services provided by transportation net-work companies as excludable transpor-tation fringe benefits, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 5648. A bill to authorize an individual who is transitioning from receiving treat-ment furnished by the Secretary of Defense to treatment furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to continue receiving treat-ment from such individual’s mental health care provider of the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself and Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 5649. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to prohibit any military air-craft provided for the use of the President from being used to transport a candidate for election for Federal office to a campaign event; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 5650. A bill to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to make funds available for management of fish and wildlife species of greatest conservation need as determined by State fish and wildlife agencies; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. R
USH): H. Con. Res. 141. Concurrent resolution providing official recognition of the mas-sacre of 11 African-American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion of the United States Army who had been captured in Wereth, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge on December 17, 1944; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. M
ICA): H. Res. 808. A resolution calling on the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to release Iranian-Americans Siamak Namazi and his father, Baquer Namazi; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. D ELBENE: H.R. 5628. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 5629. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:08 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06JY7.100 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4467 July 6, 2016 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 5630. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 & 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 5631. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. DOLD: H.R. 5632. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3. By Mr. ZINKE: H.R. 5633. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 5634. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause I of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 5635. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 5636. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 5637. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5638. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any, Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. MOOLENAAR: H.R. 5639. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 5640. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 5641. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5642. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Of-fice thereof.’’ By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5643. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States of America. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5644. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5645. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5646. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5647. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5648. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 5649. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5650. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. H URD of Texas. H.R. 188: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 194: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 225: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 226: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 244: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 250: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 303: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. P AUL-
SEN, and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 335: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 410: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 430: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 448: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 499: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 539: Ms. H
AHN. H.R. 546: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 556: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 670: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. K
LINE, Mr. H ECK of Nevada, and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 729: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 752: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida and Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 775: Mr. L
YNCH and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . H.R. 800: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 842: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 879: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 921: Mr. W
OODALL and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 923: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 997: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 1062: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1095: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1112: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1247: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1248: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1358: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 1380: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1421: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1427: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 1453: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1459: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1530: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 1538: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1865: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 2096: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2156: Mr. H
URDof Texas. H.R. 2216: Mr. V
ARGAS and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 2237: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 2311: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. K IND. H.R. 2348: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 2362: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mr. C APU-
ANO. H.R. 2403: Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 2404: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 2434: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 2500: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 2628: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 2698: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 2712: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2726: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 2805: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 2817: Mr. C
ARNEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.075 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4468 July 6, 2016 
H.R. 2871: Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 2889: Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2903: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 2948: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2962: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 2963: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 2994: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 3012: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 3048: Mr. V
ELAand Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 3051: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 3084: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia. H.R. 3099: Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. G UINTA , Mrs. M ILLER of Michi- gan, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 3119: Ms. E
STY, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3250: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3268: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 3294: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3308: Mr. H
IMES, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M IL-
LERof Florida, and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 3406: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 3411: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 3471: Mr. H
URDof Texas, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3546: Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 3667: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 3683: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 3733: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 3742: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3765: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3815: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 3829: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 3849: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 4043: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. R USH, and Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 4137: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 4141: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 4165: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 4177: Mr. J
OLLY and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4184: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4212: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 4225: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4237: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 4247: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4335: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4374: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 4399: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4450: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4463: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 4480: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4514: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. S TEFANIK and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 4519: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4584: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 4616: Ms. D
ELBENE and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4621: Ms. L
EE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. B
EATTY , and Ms. H AHN. H.R. 4626: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 4653: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4664: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4695: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4715: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4730: Mr. M
CCAULand Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4766: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4770: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 4792: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4816: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4828: Mr. BURGESS , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, and Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 4848: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 4880: Mr. B
OUSTANY and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 4893: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4955: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 5001: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia H.R. 5015: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 5025: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 5064: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 5082: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 5091: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 5094: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5104: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5137: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 5167: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 5177: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 5180: Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 5182: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 5187: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 5213: Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. T
IPTON , and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 5230: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 5254: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5271: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 5272: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 5282: Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5292: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. M
ATSUI , and Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 5301: Mr. G
RAYSON and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 5319: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5337: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 5369: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5396: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5410: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5440: Mr. M
ULVANEY and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5446: Mr. F
ARR. H.R. 5457: Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. L
AMALFA , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 5467: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 5474: Mr. F
ARR, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5486: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 5488: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 5496: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 5501: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5506: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 5513: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5523: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5527: Mr. D
UFFY and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 5557: Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 5561: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 5572: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 5578: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 5587: Mr. K
LINE, Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. C AR-
TER of Georgia, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5594: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 5595: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 5613: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5619: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5620: Mr. H
UELSKAMP . H.J. Res. 47: Mr. D
ENTand Ms. L OFGREN . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.J. Res. 52: Mr. N
EALand Ms. G RAHAM . H.J. Res. 87: Mr. M
ICA, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. R
OSS. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. L
YNCH and Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER . H. Con. Res. 122: Mr. Z
INKE and Mrs. T
ORRES . H. Con. Res. 132: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  of California, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. I
SRAEL . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B RAT, and Mr. M
EADOWS . H. Res. 220: Mr. B
OSTand Mr. G RAYSON . H. Res. 591: Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H. Res. 617: Mr. R
OUZER . H. Res. 625: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 647: Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. T HOMPSON  of California. H. Res. 650: Mr. B
UCK. H. Res. 675: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 681: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 686: Mr. R
ANGEL . H. Res. 728: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 729: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. R
OSS, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. F OXX, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B
ECERRA , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H. Res. 750: Mr. H
ARRIS . H. Res. 753: Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. H AHN, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M ENG, Mr. K EATING , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. E STY, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 777: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H. Res. 780: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. C
APUANO . H. Res. 782: Mrs. D
INGELL . H. Res. 804: Mr. E
LLISON . H. Res. 807: Mr. M
CGOVERN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. CHAFFETZ  The provisions of H.R. 5620, the VA Ac-countability First and Appeals Moderniza-tion Act of 2016, that fall within the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform do not contain any congres-sional earmakrs, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
73. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging the Congress to propose, for ratification by special conven-tions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitu-tion that would prohibit the consideration of race and ethnicity in hiring decisions by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:08 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY7.079 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4469 July 6, 2016 
federal, state, and local levels of govern-ment, as well as in the granting admission to students applying at taxpayer-funded col-leges and universities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 74. Also, a petition of the County Legisla-ture, Orange County, New York, relative to Resolution No. 85 of 2016, supporting Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy for treatment of traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 75. Also, a petition of County Legislature, Orange County, New York, relative to Reso-lution No. 91 of 2016, supporting H.R. 4654 ‘‘Keeping Communities Safe Through Treat-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-posed amendments were submitted as follows: H.R. 5538 O
FFERED BY : MR. ENGEL  A
MENDMENT NO. 1: AT THE END OF THE BILL  
(BEFORE THE SHORT TITLE) , INSERT THE FOL -
LOWING : S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presi-dential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Per-formance, dated May 24, 2011. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06JY7.002 H06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4777 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 2016 No. 108 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Father, we come to You, the source of our hope and strength. We have re-cently celebrated America’s independ-ence, but each new day seems to bring reminders of how our Nation and world are buffeted by winds of instability and danger. We continue to be reminded that freedom is not free. As our lawmakers seek to pay the price for freedom in unstable times, may they not forget that You are not intimidated by any of the divisive and evil forces we face. May our Senators remember that their best blessings come from You, the One who has been our help in ages past and remains our hope for years to come. Give them the wisdom to find creative solutions to the many problems we face, trusting You to direct their steps. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 3110 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 3110) to provide for reforms of the administration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the development of geothermal, solar, and wind energy on public land, and for other pur-poses. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be placed on the cal-endar. 
f 
LEGISLATION BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last week’s passage of responsible, bipar-tisan legislation on Puerto Rico shows what is possible when we keep our focus on serious solutions. That is where we should keep our focus again during the coming work period. We knew that doing nothing was not an option on Puerto Rico. So Senators of both parties worked to pass respon-sible legislation to help the Puerto Rican people and prevent a taxpayer bailout. We also knew that doing nothing was not an option on Zika, yet Democrats blocked over a billion dollars in new funding for women’s health and preg-nant mothers, as well as record funding levels for veterans. As I have said be-fore, the Senate will revisit this impor-tant issue over the current work pe-riod. We will give Democrats another op-portunity to end their filibuster of funding that is critical to controlling Zika and supporting our veterans. We will also address other important issues. Senators will have the opportunity to support proposals designed to help keep Americans safer in their commu-nities, to help strengthen our military, and to help prevent families from un-necessarily paying more for the food they purchase. Let me remind colleagues of the four bills on which I filed cloture just before the Fourth of July State work period: the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act, Kate’s Law, the biotechnology la-beling compromise, and the Defense ap-propriations bill. I will have more to say about each of those measures in just a moment. First, we will consider Senator TOOMEY ’s Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act and, then, Kate’s Law from Senator C
RUZ. Senator T OOMEY ’s Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act aims to deter extreme and unfair so-called sanctuary city policies in the first place. Senator C
RUZ’s Kate’s Law will help protect the public even when cit-ies insist on maintaining these dan-gerous policies. Senator T
OOMEY ’s bill would support jurisdictions that cooperate with Fed-eral law enforcement officials and redi-rects funds to them from those places that refuse to do so. It would also sup-port law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line every single day, protecting them from having to live in constant fear of being sued for simply doing their job. It is no wonder that this bill has such broad support from the law enforce-ment community, including the Fed-eral Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion, the National Sheriffs’ Associa-tion, and the National Association of Police Organizations. Senator T
OOMEY ’s bill, in conjunction with Sen-ator C
RUZ’s bill, aims to prevent more families from experiencing the heart-ache that Kate Steinle’s family has been forced to endure. It has been a year since Kate was tragically murdered in San Francisco by a convicted felon who had been de-ported five times. What makes this tragedy even more heartbreaking is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.000 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4778 July 6, 2016 
that it could have been prevented, but San Francisco had an extreme so- called sanctuary city policy of not complying with Federal immigration laws—apparently, even when it came to detaining dangerous criminals residing in our country illegally. In this case, the city’s irresponsible policy helped lead to a young woman senselessly losing her life at the hands of a felon who should have never been on the streets to begin with. Senator C
RUZ’s bill is about getting dangerous criminals off our streets and keeping our communities safer. It will prevent individuals who have been convicted of coming here illegally and who have been convicted of committing serious criminal offenses from harming more innocent victims such as Kate Steinle. We are a nation of immigrants. We all appreciate the many contributions that immigrants have made to our country over the years. Americans from both parties know it would be in-credibly dishonest to pretend this bill is aimed at law-abiding citizens who enrich our country, rather than those at whom it is really aimed—those who come to this country illegally and have criminal convictions. Americans from both parties also understand that ex-treme sanctuary city policies can in-flict incredible pain on innocent vic-tims and their families. President Obama’s own Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security has called sanctuary city policies not acceptable and counterproductive to public safety. We took up similar measures last year, and it was unfortu-nate to see them blocked. Let’s work together now to make the right choice and advance these measures to prevent more tragedies like Kate’s and support local law enforcement officials who put their lives on the line for us every day. After the Senate considers these bills, we will move to a bipartisan com-promise recently announced by the top Republican and the top Democrat on the Agriculture Committee. This bill would protect middle-class families from unnecessary and unfair higher food prices that could result from a patchwork of State food labeling laws, and it would ensure access to more in-formation about the food they pur-chase, as well. While the bill before us may not be perfect, it is the product of diligent work from both sides, which, in fact, worked very hard to reach an agree-ment. It is a commonsense measure based on science, which has not shown health, safety, or nutritional risks as-sociated with bioengineered products. Senator R
OBERTS , the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, said this bipartisan bill recognizes the 30-plus years of proven safety of biotechnology while ensuring consumer access to more information about their food. The ranking member of the Agriculture Committee, a Democrat, calls it ‘‘a win for consumers and families.’’ With co-operation from across the aisle, we will pass it. I also filed cloture to begin debate on the fiscal year 2017 Defense appropria-tions bill, which funds the training, equipping, and readiness of our Armed Forces. This bill provides the men and women who protect us with the re-sources they need to execute their mis-sions, and it provides our military with the tools it needs to prepare and mod-ernize the force, which is critical at a time of numerous threats to our Na-tion. Senators from both sides have al-ready passed a bill to authorize funds for national defense priorities. Now it is time for Senators for both sides to pass this bill that will actually appro-priate those funds. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am sure the American public recognizes that we are returning from another vacation—a break, as they are called—without a se-rious proposal to address Zika. Zika is a threat. It is a scourge. In less than 10 days, the Senate will ad-journ for its longest break in many decades. Sadly, though, Republicans are no closer to getting serious about Zika. The Senate will vote again on their cynical conference report, which I will describe in some detail in a minute. It is full of partisan provisions designed to inject politics into a public health emergency. This bad legislation will never pass and will never get a Presidential signa-ture. We should be working for a bipar-tisan solution, but my friend the Re-publican leader said we are going to vote on this again. Vote on this again— that is too bad. It is not a surprise that the party of Donald Trump and M
ITCH MCCONNELL  refuses to responsibly address the threat posed by Zika. It is a virus like we have never seen before. Mosquitoes have caused problems for many, many generations but never, ever, birth de-fects. Democrats have spent more than 4 months sounding the alarm on Zika and have called on Republicans to join us to fund a responsible response to this threat. It was looming, and now it is here. But Republicans have refused to make Zika a priority. It hasn’t always been this way. In the not-too-distant past, Republicans worked with us on crises and disasters. The last three public health emer-gencies—Ebola, H1N1 flu, avian flu— had much higher pricetags, yet re-sponses to each passed Congress in a very short period of time. It has been 130 days since President Obama requested $1.9 billion for public health officials to protect the Amer-ican people against Zika. This isn’t some figure he came up with out of the air. He was told this by the Centers for Disease Control, the National Insti-tutes of Health, and other public health officials. Republicans have simply ignored this emergency. It is an emergency. So why is the party of Trump and MCCONNELL  treating Zika differently than they treated every other modern public health emergency? Well, maybe it could be that it is uniquely devastating on women. I would hate to think this is the case, but you can’t ignore the facts when women face the greatest risk—terrible risks. Everyone now knows these mos-quitoes are ravaging thousands and thousands of people, and tens of thou-sands of women have this virus. We don’t yet know how many will give birth to these deformed babies. Suddenly, Republican men suddenly feel they know best about women’s health. This isn’t new. They have al-ways done that. You see on TV that the people who are the most pro-life are men, not women. Every day new reports emerge of Americans being affected with Zika. Right now we know at least of about 550 women who have this infection. It has been proven in labs. As I have indi-cated, millions more are threatened, and women in States with large Latina populations are at the greatest risk. Zika has been linked to many health problems but notably a terrible birth defect called microcephaly, which hap-pens when an expectant mother con-tracts Zika. Already, seven babies in the United States have been born with birth defects caused by Zika. Most of them haven’t survived. We have all seen the images of these babies with their small skulls, most of them caved in. It is heartbreaking, but we should do something to stop it. Still, the Republican leader is wast-ing time with failed votes on really unserious legislation. This sort of reck-less partisanship—no matter the cost to women and families—is exactly the sort of behavior that led to the rise of Donald Trump, the sort of legislation you would expect from Trump and M
CCONNELL ’s new Republican Party. To get the votes of the loudest, most bizarre members of the tea party, Re-publicans are pushing one of the most irresponsible pieces of legislation we have ever seen in Congress, ever. Not surprisingly, Republicans returned to their obsession with defunding Planned Parenthood. This isn’t new. This is the old playbook: Let’s defund Planned Parenthood; let’s go out and get some phony pictures of what they are doing—which have all been proven to be false. But let’s do something to go after Planned Parenthood—led by, of course, men, with rare exception. The Republican bill would restrict funding for Planned Parenthood and other family planning clinics. These are the very places that provide birth control to women in Zika-affected areas. Planned Parenthood has pro-vided many women a place to go to get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.002 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4779 July 6, 2016 
their health care. This is beyond hy-pocrisy. Republicans are expecting women to magically stop the spread of Zika and prevent their babies from de-veloping birth defects, all while deny-ing them access to family planning services. But Republicans don’t stop there. Their bill would also hurt veterans by slashing the Senate’s level of funding to the VA by $500 billion. What was that money to be used for? Processing claims of veterans. They wiped that out. It would roll back environmental protections, and the clincher, as we all know, is they would allow the Confed-erate flag to fly over cemeteries. These provisions are as unacceptable as they are partisan. That is why Senate Democrats rejected the outrageous Re-publican bill and will do so again. The Zika threat is growing, but that hasn’t changed the Republicans’ vaca-tion plans. They need time to unify around Donald Trump in Cleveland but no time for American women. For to-day’s Trump and McConnell Repub-licans, a public health crisis that is dis-proportionately dangerous to women isn’t worth serious, bipartisan action. Add to that fact that Zika is affecting women by the tens of thousands in Central and South America and the picture becomes even clearer: The anti- immigrant party of Trump and McCon-nell would rather be on vacation than lift a finger to help. The National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control are warning that vaccine research and other efforts to protect Americans from Zika is likely to stop without im-mediate action from Congress. A poll released last week by the Kai-ser Foundation found 72 percent of Americans want the government to spend more to fight Zika—not less, more. We need to act, and we need to act now. It is obvious that picking a fight over women’s health is more important to Republicans than a bipartisan response to stop the spread of this dreaded virus. Democrats have called on Republicans to work with us to get something done. A 7-week vacation should be delayed. There is no excuse for inaction and par-tisanship. We cannot afford to waste another day, a week, another month— we have already wasted 4 months—for Republicans to help stop the spread of this emergency. Let us get to work and do it now. 
f 
IMMIGRATION LEGISLATION Mr. REID. Finally, on another sub-ject, Mr. President, Senate Republicans today will promote Donald Trump’s anti-immigrant rhetoric with action. This afternoon, the Senate will vote to consider a pair of bills proposed by the junior Senators from Pennsylvania and Texas. These bills follow Trump’s lead in demonizing and criminalizing immi-grant Latino families. Senator T
OOMEY ’s bill will undermine the ability of local law enforcement to police their own communities and to ensure public safety. It would deny millions of dollars of critical commu-nity and economic development fund-ing to cities and States that refuse to target immigrant families. Senator TOOMEY ’s legislation would simply cre-ate more problems. It wouldn’t solve anything. Not surprisingly, it is op-posed by mayors, domestic violence groups, Latino and civil rights groups, and labor organizations. Senator C
RUZ’s bill is no better. It would enact unnecessary mandatory minimum sentences and would cost bil-lions and billions of new dollars, in-creasing the prison population and si-phoning funding from State and local law enforcement. Worst of all, this sort of partisan, piecemeal approach under-mines bipartisan efforts to enact badly needed reforms in our criminal justice system. One desk over from me is D
ICKDUR-
BIN, the assistant Democratic leader. He has worked for years on doing some-thing about the criminal justice sys-tem. He has been joined by a bipartisan group of people to get something done, but, again, the Republican leader is too interested in doing things that mean nothing than doing something that means something. By pursuing legislation targeting so- called sanctuary cities, Republicans are legislating Donald Trump’s vision that immigrants and Latinos are criminals and threats to the public. Re-publicans want red meat going into the convention and desperately want to pivot from the epidemic of gun vio-lence plaguing our nation and the epi-demic of Zika, but Americans deserve a real solution to our broken immigra-tion system, not political games and dog-whistle politics. If Senator M
CCONNELL wants to bring this legislation forward, we are going to take a serious look at it. Maybe get-ting on the bill might be the right thing to do. If we get on that, and the Republican leader said he wants a ro-bust amendment process, well, we will be happy to give him one. We will have a number of amendments on guns, we will have a number of amendments on Zika, and we will do something about comprehensive immigration reform. So we are going to take a look at that. We may just get on that bill and find out if we are going to have this robust amendment process, but let’s address comprehensive immigration reform, guns, Zika, and other issues. We are happy to do that. This may be an op-portunity for us to move forward on those issues. Will the Chair announce what the Senate is going to do the rest of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. STOP DANGEROUS SANCTUARY CITIES ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 3100, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 531, S. 3100, a bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal of-ficials to protect our communities from vio-lent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. 
LEGISLATION BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I see my colleagues from Kansas and Michigan on the floor, and I know they are here to speak on the GMO issue. I will make a brief statement and cut short what I planned on saying so they can take the floor on this important and pending issue. The Senate Republican leader came to the floor this morning and congratu-lated the Senate on the fact we passed, on a bipartisan basis, the Puerto Rico legislation necessary to deal with the financial disaster they face. We did that last week, truly in a bipartisan way. The Republican leader said this morning we need to keep our focus on serious issues, but then he comes to us with four bills that he requests we take up during the abbreviated session we have this week and next week, and among those four bills are two he ac-knowledges are clearly only introduced for the political impact, for the mes-sage, they might deliver. One bill that is being promoted by the junior Senator from Pennsylvania is a bill relating to sanctuary cities. This measure was largely considered and voted on only 8 months ago and de-feated in the Senate. Why are we bring-ing it back today? Well, there has been some candor on the Republican side. The Senator who is offering this meas-ure is up for reelection. He believes this is an important ‘‘message amend-ment’’ that he needs to take back to his home State of Pennsylvania, and he wants to make sure the Senate takes up this measure before the Republican convention, which starts up in a couple weeks. This is a political tactic that is sadly going to eat up the time of the Senate with the same ultimate result. Senator T
OOMEY ’s sanctuary bill will not pass, but it gives him something to talk about when he goes home and per-haps something to give a speech about at the Republican convention. Going back to the Senate Republican leader’s suggestion that we ought to be focusing in a bipartisan way on serious issues, the first suggestion out of the box on a message amendment is clearly being done for political purposes only. The second measure is one that is brought to the floor at the request of Senator T
EDCRUZ, the junior Senator from Texas. This will bring us back to some debate over immigration, again, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.004 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4780 July 6, 2016 
on what is known as Kate’s Law and the suggestion by Senator C
RUZ that we create a new mandatory minimum criminal sentence. On its face, this measure is unaccept-able and unaffordable. It would crim-inalize, with mandatory minimum sen-tencing, conduct that would affect thousands of people who have crossed over the border into the United States undocumented. Of course, the Senator from Texas wants this message amend-ment during this abbreviated short ses-sion before the Republican convention, which I assume he will be speaking to, in order to make his political point. So here we are with the Republican leader first congratulating us on being bipartisan on serious issues and then turning around and two of the four things he suggests we do these 2 weeks have no chance to pass. One at least has been voted on within the last 8 months on the floor of the Senate, and they have acknowledged they are only offering these amendments to give the Senators who are making the requests a chance to make some political hay in the weeks and days before the Repub-lican convention in Cleveland. Why? Because the ‘‘presumptive,’’ as they call him, Republican nominee for President wants to focus on immigra-tion. As a consequence, those who are lining up behind him, like the junior Senator from Pennsylvania, want to have some arguing points to make to support Donald Trump’s candidacy and his position on immigration. It is a sad reality that 3 years ago, on the floor of the Senate, we actually did something constructive on the issue of immigration. With the votes of 14 Re-publicans joining the Democrats, we passed bipartisan, comprehensive im-migration reform. Sadly, that measure died in the House when they wouldn’t even consider that bill or any bill on the issue. We had a constructive alter-native, and it passed here in a bipar-tisan fashion on a serious issue. Yet, since then, the Republicans have stonewalled and stopped every effort to constructively deal with immigration. The two measures before us, by Sen-ators from Pennsylvania and Texas, should be taken for what they are. They are political posturing before the Republican National Convention. They are efforts so these two Senators will have something to talk about or brag about at the Cleveland convention, but they do not take us to the serious issues we still face; issues such as the GMO compromise, an important issue because of measures taken by some States; issues such as funding for Zika, a measure which passed the Senate 89 to 1 in a strong bipartisan vote and then went over to the House and lan-guished in a conference committee and finally was reported out with no Demo-cratic signatories to the conference re-port. That measure has been defeated once, and the Senate Republican leader said we will just go call the same meas-ure again, with obviously the same outcome. We still have questions on funding on Zika, questions about funding on opioid abuse. These are serious meas-ures that should be taken up rather than these so-called message amend-ments being offered by the other side. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I un-derstand I have 10 minutes reserved, and I ask unanimous consent for 1 ad-ditional minute, if I do not finish. I am to be followed by my distinguished ranking member, Senator S
TABENOW . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AGRICULTURE BIOTECHNOLOGY  
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about a topic and a bipartisan bill that will affect what consumers pay for their food, the grave threats of worldwide malnutrition and hunger, and the future of every farmer, every grower, and the future of every rancher in America. That topic is agri-culture biotechnology. We have all heard about our growing global population, currently at 7 bil-lion and estimated to reach over 9.6 bil-lion in the next few decades. Tonight, 1 in 9 people—that is roughly 800 million people—worldwide will go to bed hun-gry. Around the world, impoverished regions are facing increased challenges in feeding their people. Show me a na-tion that cannot feed itself, and I will show you a nation in chaos. Goodness knows, we have had enough of that. We have seen too many examples in recent years where shortfalls in grain and other food items or increases in prices at the consumer level have helped to trigger outbreaks of civil un-rest and protests in places such as the Middle East and Africa. In light of these global security threats, today’s farmers are being asked to produce more safe and affordable food to meet the demands at home and around the globe. At the same time, farmers are facing increased challenges to their production, including limited land and water resources, uncertain weather, to be sure, and pest and disease issues. However, over the past 20 years, agri-culture biotechnology has become an invaluable tool in ensuring the success of the American farmer in meeting the challenge of increasing yield in a more efficient, safe, and responsible manner. For years now, the United States has proven that American agriculture plays a pivotal role in addressing food shortfalls around the world. We must continue to consider new and innova-tive ways to get ahead of the growing population and production challenges. In addressing these issues, we must continue to be guided by the best avail-able science, research, and innovation. If my colleagues have heard any of my previous remarks on this topic, they have heard me say time and again that biotechnology products are safe. My colleagues don’t have to take my word for it. The Agriculture Com-mittee held a hearing late last year where all three agencies in charge of reviewing biotechnology testified be-fore our members. Over and over again, the EPA, the FDA, and the USDA told us that these products are safe—that they are safe for the environment, safe for other plants, and certainly safe for our food supply. Since that hearing, the U.S. Government reinforced their decisions on the safety of these prod-ucts. Last November, the FDA took sev-eral steps, based on sound science, re-garding food that is produced from biotech plants, including issuing final guidance for manufacturers who wish to voluntarily label their products as containing ingredients from biotech or exclusively nonbiotech plants. More importantly, the Food and Drug Ad-ministration denied a petition that would have required the mandatory on- package labeling of biotech foods. The FDA maintained that evidence was not provided for the agency to put such a requirement in place because there is no health safety or nutritional dif-ference between biotech crops and their nonbiotech varieties. A recent report from the National Academy of Sciences ‘‘found no sub-stantiated evidence of a difference in risks to human health between current commercially available genetically en-gineered crops and conventionally bred crops.’’ Just last week, 110 Nobel laureates sent an open letter to the leaders of Greenpeace, the United Nations, and all governments around the world in support of agriculture biotechnology, and particularly in support of golden rice. Golden rice has the potential—has had the potential and has the poten-tial—to reduce or eliminate much of the death and disease caused by a vita-min A deficiency, particularly among the poorest people in Africa and South-east Asia. These world-renowned sci-entists noted that ‘‘scientific and regu-latory agencies around the world have repeatedly and consistently found crops and foods improved through bio-technology to be as safe as, if not safer, than those derived from any other method of production.’’ Furthermore, the laureates said: 
There has never been a single confirmed case of a negative health outcome for hu-mans or animals from their consumption. Their environmental impacts have been shown repeatedly to be less damaging to the environment, and a boon to global biodiver-sity. 
There has been a lot of discussion about agriculture biotechnology lately, and that is a good thing. We should be talking about our food. We should be talking about our farmers and pro-ducers, and we should be talking to consumers. It is important to have an honest discussion and an open ex-change of dialogue. After all, that is what we do in the Senate—discuss dif-ficult issues, craft solutions, and fi-nally vote in the best interests of our constituents. The difficult issue for us to address is what to do about the patchwork of bio-technology labeling laws that soon will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.005 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4781 July 6, 2016 
wreak havoc on the flow of interstate commerce of agriculture and food prod-ucts in every supermarket and every grocery store up and down every Main Street. That is what this discussion should be about. It is not about safety or health or nutrition; it is all about marketing. If we don’t act today, what we will face is a handful of States that have chosen to enact labeling require-ments on information that has nothing to do with health, safety, or nutrition. Unfortunately, the impact of those State decisions will be felt across the country and around the globe. Those decisions impact the farmers who would be pressured to grow less effi-cient crops so manufacturers could avoid these demonizing labels. Those labeling laws will impact distributors who have to spend more money to sort different labels for different States. Those labeling laws will ultimately im-pact consumers, who will suffer from much higher priced food. When on- package labels force manufacturers to reformulate food products, our farmers will have limited biotechnology op-tions available. This will result in less food available to the many mouths in our troubled and hungry world. It is not manufacturers who pay the ultimate price; it is the consumer—at home and around the globe—who will bear this burden, unless we act today. I am proud of the critical role the De-partment of Agriculture has played and will continue to play in combating global hunger. Farmers and ranchers in Kansas, Michigan, and all across this country have been and are committed to continue to doing their part. And those of us who represent them in the U.S. Senate should do our part to stand up in defense of sound science and in-novation. We should stand up to ensure that our farmers and ranchers have ac-cess to agriculture biotechnology and other tools to address these global challenges. The proposal put forth by my distin-guished ranking member Senator S
TA-
BENOW and me provides that defense of our food system and our farmers and ranchers, while at the same time pro-viding a reasonable solution to con-sumer demand for more information. That is what the bill does. Our amendment strikes a careful bal-ance. It certainly is not perfect from my perspective. It is not the best pos-sible bill, but it is the best bill possible under these difficult circumstances we find ourselves in today. That is why, I say to my colleagues, it is supported by a broad coalition of well over 1,000 food and agriculture industries, and that sets a record in the Senate Agriculture Committee. They include the American Farm Bureau Federation, Grocery Manufacturers Association, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, just to name a few. I urge my colleagues to not merely support cloture on a bill this afternoon but to support your broad range of con-stituents who benefit from its passage. Passing this bill benefits farmers and ranchers by providing a mechanism for disclosure that educates rather than denigrates their technology. Passing this bill benefits manufac-turers by providing a single national standard by which to be held account-able, rather than an unworkable sys-tem of many more State standards. Finally, passing this bill benefits consumers by greatly increasing the amount of food information at their fingertips but does so in a way that provides cost-effective options to avoid devastating increases in the price of food. Passing this bill is the responsible thing to do. It is time for us to act. I urge my colleagues to join us in doing just that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first I wish to thank the chairman of the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee. We had some tough nego-tiations on this issue, and I think we have come to a place that makes sense for farmers and the food industry, as well as consumers. So I wish to thank Senator ROBERTS . We worked together on a bipartisan basis on issue after issue after issue coming before the committee, and I am sure we will con-tinue to do that. I don’t think we have an economy unless somebody makes something and grows something. That is how we have an economy. And we worked very hard to come to a spot where we can actually get things done because that is what people expect us to do. It is great to talk, but people want us to actually solve problems and get things done. So today I rise to discuss an impor-tant bipartisan agreement—a hard- fought, tough negotiated agreement that the Senate will soon vote on re-garding the issue of GMO labeling. This bill is frankly very different from what passed the House of Representatives about a year ago, I think now, and from what we voted on in March. I thank Senator R
OBERTS and his staff for working in a bipartisan way to get us to the spot where we are now. As everyone knows, I have opposed voluntary labeling at every turn. I don’t think it is right to preempt States from having labeling laws and replace it with something that is vol-untary. There needs to be a mandatory system, which is what this bill does. I worked to keep what was done by activists known as the DARK Act from becoming law three different times here in the U.S. Senate. Throughout this process, I worked to ensure that any agreement would first recognize the scientific consensus that bio-technology is safe; second, to ensure that consumers have the right to know what is in their food; and third, to pre-vent a confusing patchwork of 50 dif-ferent labeling requirements in 50 dif-ferent States. And while this issue stirs strong emotions in all scientific de-bate—I certainly understand that—the fact is, this bill achieves all of those goals. For the first time ever, we will ensure we have a mandatory national labeling system for GMOs. Unfortunately, in many ways this de-bate has served as a proxy fight about whether biotechnology has a role in our food system and in agriculture as a whole. I think that is really fundamen-tally what the debate is about under this whole issue. When we wrote the farm bill back in 2013, I made it a top priority to support all parts of agriculture. It was very im-portant to me to say that consumers need choices and that we need to sup-port every part of agriculture, and that is what we did in a very robust way. We made important investments and re-forms that helped our traditional grow-ers—conventional growers—and we made significant investments in organics, in local food systems, small farms, and farmers’ markets in a way we have not done before as a country. We did this because we recognized that it takes all forms of agriculture to en-sure we continue leading the world with the safest, most affordable food supply. That is why, when I hear friends who oppose this bill denying the over-whelming body of science that says biotechnology poses no human health or safety risks while believing the very same National Academy of Sciences that tells us that climate change is real, I have to shake my head. I believe in science; that is why I know climate change is real. I believe in science; that is why the same people—the National Academy of Sciences and over 100 Nobel laureates last week—and when the FDA tells us that biotechnology is safe for human consumption and that there is no material difference between GMO and non-GMO ingredients, I be-lieve science. In fact, as was indicated earlier, over 100 Nobel laureates signed a letter to Greenpeace last week asking them to end their opposition to GMOs over a strain of rice that will reduce vitamin A deficiencies that cause blindness and death in children in the developing world. I stand with the scientific evi-dence from leading health organiza-tions like the American Medical Asso-ciation, the National Academy of Sciences, the FDA, and the World Health Organization, which all say that GMOs are safe for consumption. I find it ironic that those who challenge this science have latched onto com-ments from the FDA—an agency that has found no scientific evidence that biotechnology threatens human safe-ty—as some type of credible challenge to this agreement. In talking about comments from the FDA, I find it interesting that they omit the first paragraph, which was, by the way, that they don’t believe from a health risk safety standpoint that GMOs should be labeled and which is why they have consistently said no to labeling and would, not surprisingly, interpret a biotechnology definition in the narrowest way because they don’t believe that GMOs should be labeled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.006 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4782 July 6, 2016 
So I stand before colleagues and this Chamber today to say enough is enough. I have been through enough of these debates in the past to know that sometimes, no matter the amount of reason or logic, someone is not going to change their position. I understand that. But I remember Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York, who used to say that everyone is entitled to their own opinion but not their own facts. So in that spirit, let’s talk about the facts. For the first time, consumers in all 50 States will have a mandatory na-tional GMO label on their food. Right now, if we do nothing, those who get labeling are Vermont and potentially a couple of other States in the North-east. When we vote, if we vote yes, ev-eryone will have the opportunity to get more information about their food as it relates to GMOs. While many want to hold up the Vermont law, the fact is that law ensures that a little more than 626,000 people have information about their food. There are nearly 16 times more people in Michigan, and they deserve the right to know as well. That is why this mandatory national labeling system is so important. Let’s talk about what we are say-ing—not in a voluntary way as passed the House but requiring one of three choices—three well-regulated ways for companies to disclose information. Some have already chosen what they are going to do and have said: We’re going to continue to do on-pack words, like Vermont. There are significant companies that have said: We want cer-tainty. We want this law passed, but this is what we are doing. We also give a choice of an on-pack symbol, and this is not the specific, but it is the idea of what it would be. We have some major retailers in this coun-try who have said: Regardless of what happens, we are only going to get prod-ucts on our shelves if they have the first—which is words—or a symbol. So the marketplace is definitely going to drive where this goes, and consumers will continue to drive it. But we also know that an electronic label makes sense if it is regulated in a specific way to make sure that con-sumers can have access. We also know there are those who want very much to make sure they not only share infor-mation that there are GMO ingredients but also important things, such as the National Academy of Sciences saying they are safe for human consumption. So there is some context around this. It is not scare tactics; it is fact based. Let me also say that we know con-sumers want other kinds of informa-tion than just whether or not there are genetically modified ingredients in their food. The No. 1 issue I am told consumers ask about is food allergies. We know others are concerned about antibiotics in meat. There are a whole range of issues people care about. For me and the world of smartphones and electronics, going forward, it makes sense from a consumer standpoint to have a universally accepted platform where you not only get information about GMOs but whether you should be concerned about your food allergies and what is, in fact, in the ingredients. Right now I have friends who have to go to a book in the back of a store to figure out what is going on in terms of food ingredients. Having something that is accessible to all of us who are using these phones would make sense, and that is what we are talking about. So we have three different options, and the companies or stores, if they put them in, will drive what the op-tions are. Let me debunk a little bit of this whole question on allowing an elec-tronic label. First of all, Nielsen tells us that 82 percent of American house-holds right now own a smartphone. It is so interesting to me that the people expressing outrage about technology are using their smartphones in order to tweet that or are going to Facebook and other social media—a socially ac-cepted way for us to be communicating together. So 82 percent of American households own a smartphone, and we are told by Nielsen that very quickly will become 90 percent. For someone who doesn’t have a smartphone—or maybe they are in an area where there is concern about broadband, which concerns me, in some rural areas—we make sure that before this is implemented, the USDA has to survey areas where this is a problem and make sure there is more accessi-bility with additional scanners in the store and additional opportunities for people to be able to get the informa-tion and to be able to use this if they don’t have a smartphone. They might want to be able to put the can up to a scanner. That is another option as well. Let me also say that more and more, using smartphones and electric labels is very much a part of our lives. We have those doing it for food informa-tion right now. You can scan to get a price right now on a can. We have all kinds of apps on our phone, from pay-ing bills, to going through the airport, to connecting with friends. This is very much about the future and how we are going to find out all kinds of informa-tion. So it is not unreasonable that, in order to help consumers get informa-tion not just on GMOs but on food al-lergies and other kinds of important issues, we would look at electronic la-bels in a way to do that. This is an idea that came from the Secretary of Agri-culture looking at all of the different requests to their Department for infor-mation. I appreciate some of the concerns about the electronic label, but this is not about hiding information because we will be working to make sure there is accessibility in the store for that in-formation. And going forward, we have virtually everyone at some point using their smartphone to communicate—to do business, to do banking, to commu-nicate with friends, and so on. I think this will become less and less of an issue as we go forward. Let me also say one more time that one of three things must be done. Major companies have already said that while they want the certainty of a national law so they can plan—and we don’t see disruptions for our farmers and for our grocery store owners and others—they will simply do on-pack words or an on-pack symbol. But there are three choices available. You must do one of those in order to make infor-mation available, and I fully expect that consumers will engage with com-panies to advocate as to which one of those they want to see happen. Let me talk about something else that has not been focused on enough. We have been talking about how to label, which is only one piece of it. An-other piece of this is the fact that the bill in front of us ensures that around 25,000 more products will be labeled than are labeled in Vermont or any of the other States we are talking about. Around 25,000 more products will be la-beled, and consumers will have the op-portunity to know what is in those products. This has really been glossed over, and I think that is very unfortu-nate. Right now, in Vermont, anything with meat, eggs, cheese, dairy—includ-ing broth or anything that has any bit of meat in it—is automatically exempt. This agreement gives consumers infor-mation about 25,000 more products that contain meat when the product also contains GMO ingredients. So 25,000 more products—that is good for con-sumers and families who want to know. To be clear, this bill has the same tough standards as the European Union and many other countries when it comes to livestock. However, unlike Vermont, this bill doesn’t provide the full exemption for a GMO food product just because it contains a trace of meat as an ingredient. What does that mean? In Vermont, you walk in—if it is a cheese pizza, it is labeled; a cheese pepperoni pizza is not labeled, even though it has GMO ingredients. In Vermont, vegetable soup is labeled; vegetable beef soup is exempt, even though it has GMO ingredients. In Vermont, a fettuccine alfredo—I’m get-ting hungry for lunch—fettuccine alfredo is labeled; fettuccine alfredo with chicken and broccoli is exempt, even though it has GMO ingredients. Now, somebody tell me why that makes any sense from a consumer standpoint. We fix that in this bill. The next thing we focus on is making sure that we maintain and strengthen the organic label, something not done in other versions of the bill. As we know, organics have always been non- GMO. Those families who wish not to buy products with GMOs—those who have wanted to buy products with no GMOs—will always have that option. But for many consumers it is a bit un-clear. People question: Well, does ‘‘or-ganic’’ mean the same thing as ‘‘non- GMO’’? To make it clear, among a number of changes we are making to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.008 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4783 July 6, 2016 
strengthen and protect the organic label, this agreement ensures that or-ganic producers can now display a non- GMO label in addition to the USDA or-ganic seal. This is also important infor-mation not in any other bill and impor-tant information to give consumers choices about the food they eat. Let’s talk now for a moment about the definitions that have been talked a lot about in terms of biotechnology. First of all, let me say it is the USDA, not the FDA, that is the sole agency that will implement this mandatory national labeling system. They are the ones given the authority to label ev-erything that contains GMOs on the grocery shelf, and that is what this label and definition does. While we saw a lot of fervor last week about com-ments from the FDA, it does not change the fact that USDA will imple-ment this mandatory national labeling system—not the FDA, which doesn’t believe it should be labeled and has the most conservative view on what a biotech definition is. As I said before, it is rather ironic that labeling advocates who clung to these statements when the FDA sent out a memorandum of technical assist-ance have missed or refused to also in-dicate that the FDA has repeatedly de-nied petitions to label GMOs. That is why this is going through the USDA from an information and marketing standpoint and not the FDA—because there is not scientific evidence to put it into the FDA as a health risk. Furthermore, we have heard from many opponents who say the definition in this agreement does not match any other international definition of ‘‘bio-technology.’’ The fact is, the definition of ‘‘biotechnology’’ varies greatly among the 64 countries with manda-tory labeling laws. Our definition is in line with many of those countries and even has the potential to cover more foods. For example, the European Union’s definition of ‘‘biotechnology,’’ which applies to food produced in 27 countries, clearly does not include gene editing or other new technologies. This agreement we will be voting on pro-vides authority to the USDA to label those things. Japan only requires la-bels on 8 crops—33 specific food prod-ucts—and exempts refined sugar. Our bill provides authority to the USDA to label refined sugars and other proc-essed products. When people point to international laws, let’s really look at the details of those laws before we start holding those laws as the gold standard for GMO labeling laws. I reflect on the statement from Sen-ator Moynihan. Everyone is entitled to his or her opinion but not his or her own facts. This bill creates the first-ever man-datory national GMO labeling require-ment. We cover 25,000 more foods than are labeled in Vermont or the other States. We protect and strengthen the or-ganic label, which is non-GMO and makes it a clear choice for consumers. We preserve and protect critical State and Federal consumer laws. That is where this will be enforced. One of the major areas of negotiations was to make sure that while there was a pre-emption of the capacity to label, it did not bleed over into the capacity to en-force fraud or inaccuracy or other issues that relate to labeling. We have been very clear—the enforcement will come from Federal and State consumer protection laws. Finally, we are preventing a patch-work of 50 State labeling laws that—as in every other area of international commerce—we as a country have said does not make sense. So we can nitpick this agreement around the edges. Certainly, in any ne-gotiation, there are always things you would like to see in an agreement that are not there. Certainly, in any bipar-tisan agreement, that is going to be the case. But this bill moves us forward with a commonsense approach that for the first time guarantees consumers who want to know if their food in-cludes GMOs the ability to know, while at the same time creating certainty for our food producers, our farmers, our manufacturers, and our grocers. I urge colleagues to come together to look at the facts, to look at the science, and to support this bipartisan agreement. We have an opportunity to really get something done—not just talk but to actually get something done that is positive. I hope we will do that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING ABNER J . MIKVA  
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, Monday, the Fourth of July, was the 240th anniversary of the creation of the United States of America. It was a day on which we celebrated this great Na-tion. We celebrated our great leaders, but in Illinois we lost one of our best in the passing of Abner Mikva on the Fourth of July. Abner Mikva was a friend. In addi-tion to that, he was an extraordinary individual. His record of public service is unmatched. I can’t think of anyone off the top of my head who did so many distinguished things in the legislative branch of our Federal Government, serving in the House of Representa-tives; serving on the U.S. Circuit Court for the District of Columbia in the ju-dicial branch; and serving as general counsel to President William Clinton in the White House in the executive branch. Abner Mikva combined them all. The highlights of his life are an amazing story of a young man going through law school who decided in 1948 that he wanted to get involved in poli-tics. Judge Mikva got his start when he walked into the 8th Ward headquarters in the city of Chicago in 1948—back in the day when the Democratic organiza-tion of Chicago was a powerful oper-ation. Here he was, a young man, a young law student who was inspired by the candidacies of Adlai Stevenson for Governor of Illinois and Paul Douglas for the U.S. Senate, and he wanted to do his part. What transpired when he made that effort has become legend in Chicago. Abner Mikva showed up. A ward com-mitteeman saw him at the door and said: What can I do for you? He said: Well, I am looking to volun-teer. The ward committeeman said to Ab Mikva: Who sent you? Abner Mikva said: Nobody sent me. The ward committeeman said: We don’t want nobody nobody sent. He then said to him: Are you looking for a job? Abner Mikva said: No, I am not real-ly looking for a job. The ward committeeman said: We don’t want nobody who ain’t looking for a job. The ward committeeman then said: Where are you from, kid? He said: I go to the University of Chi-cago. The ward committeeman made it clear: We don’t want nobody from the University of Chicago. That was Abner Mikva’s introduction into politics. You would think he would have been discouraged by that, but he was not. He went on to graduate from the University of Chicago Law School, to clerk for a U.S. Supreme Court Justice, and then to practice law in the city. In the 1950s, he decided to run for the Illinois House of Representatives. He ran against the same political organi-zation that turned away his efforts to be a volunteer, and he won. He came to Springfield, IL—my hometown and the capital of our State—to the Illinois House, and found some kindred spirits. One of them, Paul Simon, who eventu-ally served here in the U.S. Senate, was Abner Mikva’s closest friend in the Illi-nois House of Representatives. State representative Tony Scariano was an-other independent who had come to the Illinois House to try to make a dif-ference. The three of them roomed to-gether—Mikva, Jewish religion; Paul Simon, Lutheran; and Tony Scariano, Catholic. They called their gang the Kosher Nostra, and they set out to try to change the government of Illinois. But even more than their contributions legislatively, politically they created a force in Illinois—both downstate and in Chicago, which made a big difference in the history of our State. Abner Mikva went on to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, where he served with distinction until he was appointed to the district court for the District of Columbia. He had a tough congressional district. He start-ed off on the South Side of Chicago, around Hyde Park. Eventually, when he saw the demographics changing, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.009 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4784 July 6, 2016 
picked up and literally moved north to the Evanston area, which was the base for his political operations in the new congressional district. He moved his entire operation up north and inspired the kind of followership and devotion that politicians dream of. If you were part of the Mikva organization in his district, you took it personally. I can recall people saying with a straight face that they were part of the Mikva operation but decided to move out of his district. When they broke the news to the coordinator, of course, the coor-dinator insisted that before they could move, they had to find someone to re-place them as precinct volunteers to help Ab Mikva get reelected to the U.S. House of Representatives, which he did sporadically. He lost a couple of times, but he won as well. The time came when he was appointed to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia, the second highest court in the land, where he wrote many important decisions relative to the basic rights of people under the Constitution. He was my friend. I was introduced to him by Paul Simon, my predecessor here in the Senate. I think of the two of them as my North Star, when it comes to issues of integrity, independ-ence, and progressive values. I was lucky to know Ab Mikva throughout my congressional career in the House and Senate and to have Loretta join me when we had dinner with Ab and his wife Zoe in Chicago several times over the last several years after his retire-ment. Ab Mikva received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama, and one of the reasons was that they were close personal friends. It was Ab Mikva to whom Barack Obama went when he was inter-ested in a career in politics, and Mikva counseled him in terms of what he needed to do. He suggested that he should listen more carefully to Afri-can-American ministers so he could put a little more life and emotion into his speaking style. Obviously, Presi-dent Obama took that lesson to heart. It was Abner Mikva who stood by Obama in his early days, running for the U.S. Senate and then running for the Presidency. He was always his right-hand man, willing to offer advice and connect him with the right people on the political scene. Their friendship endured until Ab’s passing just a cou-ple of days ago. I know the President feels, as I do, that we have lost a great friend and a great supporter in what he was able to achieve. He also had a friendly and happy way about him. He enjoyed life. He used to engage in poker games that included Supreme Court Justices and Federal judges, some of whom will surprise you. William Rehnquist would play poker with Ab Mikva. Those were two men from opposite ends of the political spectrum, and they still had a chance to get together and to get to know one another. He left an enduring mark on Amer-ica’s legal system. There were so many people who started off as clerks for Abner Mikva and turned out to be amazing contributors to the American political scene. One of his former clerks sits on the U.S. Supreme Court. Elena Kagan was a clerk for Judge Mikva and then went on to the highest Court in the land. That gives you an indication of the quality of the people who worked with and for him. His law clerks went on to serve Justices Wil-liam Brennan, Thurgood Marshall, Harry Blackmun, and Lewis Powell. The New York Times once branded Abner Mikva as ‘‘the Zelig of the American legal scene.’’ One brilliant young lawyer actually turned down a Mikva clerkship, and that was Barack Obama, who did find another way to contribute to this Nation. In 1997, Judge Mikva and his wife Zoe founded the Mikva Challenge, a pro-gram I have become acquainted with and worked with over the years. Abner Mikva and Zoe tried to engage young people in politics, and they did it on a bipartisan basis. If a young person wanted to volunteer for the Republican Party, they would find a way for that person to become a part of the cam-paign and work in an office so they could see firsthand what politics and government was all about, and, of course, they would provide similar vol-unteers for the Democratic candidates. These young people would see their lives transformed and changed by this Mikva Challenge. I have met them, and many times I wondered what their fu-ture might hold, but knowing full well that some of them would be in public service, much as Abner Mikva was dur-ing his life. Just a couple of months ago, there was a special luncheon to celebrate Abner’s contributions to public service and the Mikva Challenge. At the time they made the decision—and I hope they carried it through—to make this a permanently funded foundation-sup-ported effort that will survive Abner and Zoe and will live on for many dec-ades to come. Some years ago, Judge Mikva told a reporter that it was important for a so-ciety to have heroes. He said: 
You have to have live heroes. . . . It is not enough to be exposed to George Washington in grade school or Abraham Lincoln in high school. You have to have somebody who you can identify with in the here and now, who makes the institutions we are trying to pre-serve worthwhile. 
I am very proud to join the Alliance for Justice and many other groups that have stood up and acknowledged the amazing contributions that have been made by Abner Mikva and Zoe during the course of Abner’s life. I am particu-larly honored to have counted him as a friend. He would call and give me words of encouragement so many times when we were going through some tough de-cisionmaking. I can’t tell you how much it meant to hear from him per-sonally and to know he approved of what I was doing. He was always, as I said, my North Star and hero in polit-ical life. With his old buddy, Paul Simon, his old roommate in the Illinois House, they probably inspired this Sen-ator as much as any two people who have been living during my tenure in public service. I stand today in tribute to a great man and a great American. Abner Mikva of Illinois made this a better country and Illinois a better State. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. REMEMBERING ELIE WIESEL  
Mr. CRUZ. Madam President: 
I remember: it happened yesterday, or eternities ago. A young Jewish boy discov-ered the Kingdom of Night. I remember his bewilderment, I remember his anguish. It all happened so fast. The ghetto. The deporta-tion. The sealed cattle car. The fiery altar upon which the history of our people and the future of mankind were meant to be sac-rificed. I remember he asked his father: ‘‘Can this be true? This is the twentieth century, not the Middle Ages. Who would allow such crimes to be committed? How could the world remain silent?’’ And now the boy is turning to me. ‘‘Tell me,’’ he asks, ‘‘what have you done with my future, what have you done with your life?’’ And I tell him that I have tried. That I have tried to keep memory alive, that I have tried to fight those who would forget. Because if we forget, we are guilty, we are accomplices. And then I explained to him how naive we were, that the world did know and remain si-lent. And that is why I swore never to be si-lent whenever, wherever human beings en-dure suffering and humiliation. We must take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tor-menter, never the tormented. Sometimes we must interfere. When human lives are endan-gered, when human dignity is in jeopardy, national borders and sensitivities become ir-relevant. Wherever men and women are per-secuted because of their race, religion, or po-litical views, that place must—at that mo-ment—become the center of the universe. 
Elie Wiesel spoke these words as he accepted the Nobel Peace Prize in 1986. He was a living testimony to the vow ‘‘Never forget.’’ Although he endured the unspeakable darkness of Auschwitz and Buchenwald, his defiant light burned ever brighter as he dedicated his immense talents to providing a voice for not only the Jewish victims of the Holocaust but also for the voice-less, the condemned, and the forsaken around the globe. Elie tirelessly re-minded the world that the savage hor-ror of the Third Reich was not an aber-ration in the past that was defeated in World War II. He knew that the poten-tial for such genocidal evil remains with us in the present, and he warned that we must always be on guard against it. Now, that little boy who was always with him must always be with us. I was blessed to know Elie and his in-comparable wife Mary personally. They have been powerful and fearless voices for justice no matter the cost. It is humbling to encounter the true great-ness that is embodied by Elie and Mary. When Israel’s Prime Minister Ben-jamin Netanyahu addressed a joint ses-sion of Congress, it was one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.011 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4785 July 6, 2016 
great privileges of my life to host Elie Wiesel and join him on a panel, to-gether discussing the profound threat imposed by a nuclear Iran. A nuclear Iran, I believe, is the single greatest national security threat fac-ing America. Elie shared that view. ‘‘Never again’’ is a critically important phrase. After the victory of World War II, it might seem like a comforting af-firmation of fact that humanity had evolved and a horror like the Holocaust could never happen again, but ‘‘never again’’ is something more. Elie Wiesel was a living testimony to the fact that ‘‘never again’’ is a sacred vow. It is a promise that we will not take this for granted, but we will be ceaselessly vigilant because we know that while the evil of anti-Semitism was defeated once in World War II, it was not eradi-cated. To assume in our sophisticated modern age that we somehow tran-scended evil would be a tragic mistake. We have seen the face of evil this year in the savage ISIS terrorists who are targeting Jews, Christians, and Muslims—murdering regardless of faith. We see it even more clearly in the Islamic Republic of Iran, which is seeking the world’s deadliest weapons and the means to deliver them to make good on the many threats to annihilate not only the nation of Israel but the entire free world. These are not empty words uttered by an ayatollah without consequence. They are not simply words to placate a domestic political audience. These are articles of faith with the Iranian leadership, and they have backed them up with 35 years of violent hostility towards Israel and the United States. Last year, the world marked the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Ausch-witz, and we remembered the unspeak-able atrocities of the death camps. We cannot afford a nuclear Auschwitz. We all know that Iran’s terrorist proxies— Hamas, Hezbollah, and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad—have engaged in vicious terror attacks against our Nation, and already too many of our citizens have been killed and maimed. We know that the danger posed by Iran is not a thing of the past. Their intention is to use these weapons of destruction. This threat should not be a partisan issue. This threat should unite us be-cause that is the only way we will be able to defeat this threat, and defeat it we must because Iran’s threat is not only to wipe us off the map but to erase us from the historical record all together. Think about that for a mo-ment. The stated objective of the Aya-tollah Khamenei is a world without even the memory of the United States of America, the Great Satan, as they call us—or even a memory of Israel, the Little Satan, as they call Israel. Together we can stop that threat, just as we did in World War II. To-gether we can stand up and repudiate this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal that sends billions of dollars to Islamic terrorists committed to our murder. Together we can look evil in the eye and call it by its name, and we can do what we must to ensure that the vow of ‘‘never again’’ is fulfilled. Elie Wiesel left an extraordinary leg-acy. His memory is a blessing, an inspi-ration, but it is also a challenge to keep his legacy burning in our hearts. Our prayers go out to Marion and to all of Elie’s loved ones. May he rest in peace, but may every one of us rise to answer the call to truth and justice that Elie Wiesel championed each and every day. 
KATE ’S LAW  
Madam President, there is a second topic I wish to address on the floor today. Last week, as many of us were look-ing forward to Independence Day and vacations with our family, fireworks, hot dogs by the grill, another family was mourning a loss—the loss of a daughter, the loss of a life, and a loss that should never have occurred. Last Friday was the 1-year anniversary of the senseless killing of a vivacious 32- year-old young woman, Kate Steinle. She was shot as she was walking arm in arm with her dad on a San Francisco pier. After the bullet tore through her, she collapsed to the ground, crying out, ‘‘Dad, help me. Help me.’’ She died 2 hours later. As the father of two daughters, I can-not imagine the anguish and the heart-break that was going through Mr. Steinle as he held his dying daughter. Her murderer was an illegal alien, and he wasn’t just any illegal alien. He was one who had already been deported five times. On top of that, he had a long rap sheet that included up to seven felonies. What was he doing on that San Francisco pier? He should never have been there, and if he were not there, Kate Steinle would be alive today. Just a few months before killing Kate, this illegal alien was released from the custody of the San Francisco sheriff’s office, even though Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, the Federal agency responsible for deport-ing illegal aliens, had requested he re-main in custody. The Federal Govern-ment said: Keep this criminal illegal alien in custody. And the San Fran-cisco sheriff said: No, we will release him to the public. The San Francisco sheriff’s office refused to honor that re-quest because of a so-called sanctuary city policy that prohibits the San Francisco sheriff’s deputies from co-operating with Federal immigration enforcement officers. Local cities are putting in place policies that prohibit local law enforcement from working to keep our country safe. The sad truth is, Kate should be alive today, but she isn’t because the Fed-eral Government failed her. It has failed to secure the border. It has failed to faithfully and vigorously enforce the immigration laws that are on the books. It has failed to strengthen those laws to deter illegal aliens like Kate’s killer from coming back over and over and over again. It has failed to enforce the law against sanctuary jurisdic-tions—which now number in the hun-dreds all across America—that aid and abet illegal aliens evading deportation. The President of the United States is the officer charged by the Constitution with the sole responsibility to faith-fully execute the law. When his admin-istration tolerates and encourages law-lessness, is it any surprise that terrible things happen? We must put an end to this administration’s lax enforcement of our immigration laws, which threat-ens the safety and security of the American people, and we should begin by putting a stop to sanctuary cities, which this administration has been un-willing to do on its own. A real Presi-dent, faithful to the Constitution, would end sanctuary cities by cutting off money to any jurisdiction openly defying Federal immigration law. That is why I am a proud cosponsor of Senator P
ATTOOMEY ’s Stop Sanc-tuary Cities Act, which would withhold Federal grant money from cities that refuse to cooperate with Federal immi-gration enforcement officers. Cities that flout Federal law should not be re-warded with Federal taxpayer dollars. We must also address the persistent problem of aliens like Kate’s killer who illegally reenter this country after de-portation. That is why I introduced, exactly 1 year ago, an earlier version of Kate’s Law. Unfortunately, no action was taken on that bill until it was in-corporated into Senator V
ITTER ’s Stop Sanctuary Policies Act. Senate Demo-crats voted in virtual lockstep to de-feat the bill. Last fall, I went again to the Senate floor and asked for unani-mous consent to pass Kate’s Law as a stand-alone bill, but the senior Senator from California—the very State where Kate’s senseless murder occurred— stood on this floor and objected. Today, I thank the Senate majority leader, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , for sched-uling a vote on Kate’s Law and a sepa-rate vote on stopping sanctuary cities, for giving this body another chance to address the problem and to listen to the people. The time for politics is over. We should come together and pro-tect the American people. It is a time to confront the sobering issue of illegal aliens, many of whom have serious criminal backgrounds and yet are al-lowed to illegally reenter this country with impunity. Kate’s Law would do three things. First, it would increase the maximum criminal penalty for illegal entry from 2 to 5 years. Second, it would create a new penalty for up to 10 years in prison for any person who has been denied ad-mission and deported three or more times and illegally enters the country. Finally, and most importantly, it would create a 5-year mandatory min-imum sentence for anyone convicted of illegal reentry who, like Kate’s killer, had an aggravated felony prior to de-portation or had been convicted of ille-gal reentry twice before. This class of illegal aliens has a special disregard and disdain for our Nation’s laws. Vio-lent criminals keep coming in over and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.012 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4786 July 6, 2016 
over and over again, and all too often these illegal aliens have criminal records that go back years or even dec-ades. For example, in 2012, just over one- quarter of the illegal aliens appre-hended by the Border Patrol had prior deportation orders. That is an astound-ing 99,420 illegal aliens. In fiscal year 2015, of the illegal reentry offenders who were actually convicted—that is 15,715 offenders—the majority had ex-tensive or recent criminal histories. At least one-third had a prior aggravated felony conviction, but even though the majority of offenders had criminal records, the average prison sentence was just 16 months, down from an aver-age of 22 months in 2008. In fact, more than one-quarter of illegal reentry of-fenders received a sentence below the guidelines range because the govern-ment sponsored the low sentence. Clearly, we are failing to adequately deter deported illegal aliens from ille-gally reentering the country, espe-cially those with violent criminal records. That is why we need to pass Kate’s Law. We must increase the risk and the penalties for those who would contemplate illegally returning to the United States to commit acts of mur-der. I thank all the leaders in this body. I thank leaders like Bill O’Reilly for shining a light on this vital issue. This vote ought to be an easy decision. Just ask yourself this: With whom do I stand? I hope my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, will choose to stand with the American people, the people we should be protecting, rather than con-victed felons like Kate Steinle’s killer. It is worth noting the city of San Francisco—bright blue Democratic San Francisco—voted out the sheriff after the murder of Kate Steinle. All Ameri-cans, regardless of being a Democrat, Republican, Libertarian, Independent— all Americans deserve to be protected, and we need a government that stops allowing violent illegal aliens to prey on the innocents. If our Democratic colleagues make the choice to put politics over pro-tecting innocent Americans by refusing to enforce our immigration laws, the consequences of that are a mess. Doing so is quite literally playing with peo-ple’s lives. This isn’t hyperbole. Unfor-tunately, it is a fact. Tragically, Kate’s death was not just an isolated occurrence, as much as we all wish that were the case. Just last week, an illegal alien killed three inno-cent people and wounded a fourth out-side a blueberry farm in Oregon. Ac-cording to ICE officials, the illegal alien had been deported from the United States an astounding six times since 2003. Enough is enough. Stop letting in violent criminal illegal aliens who are murdering innocent Americans. This should bring us all together. How many more of these terrible acts must we en-dure until Congress acts? What does it take to break the partisan gridlock and actually come together and protect the American people? The votes this after-noon will help answer that question. I very much hope we will not wait one day longer. I urge my colleagues to stand to-gether united against lawlessness, to stand against dangerous criminal ille-gal aliens who flout our laws, and I urge each of us to hear the words of Kate Steinle, ‘‘Help me, dad. Help me, dad.’’ That was a cry that went not just to a grieving father, but it is a cry that should pierce each and every one of us and move this body out of slum-ber and into action, to help and stand with the American people. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, be-fore we start, do I need unanimous con-sent to speak for 15 or 20 minutes? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is free to speak. Mr. TESTER. I thank the Presiding Officer. 
GMO LABELING BILL  
Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak out against the GMO la-beling bill we will be considering a lit-tle bit later this week or next week and to raise concerns for the millions of American families who want to know and who have the right to know ex-actly what is in their food. I have come to the floor before to endorse GMO la-beling legislation and to oppose efforts to keep folks in the dark when it comes to what they feed their families. This is an issue that impacts each and every one of us. Every day, there is nothing more important than choosing the food we eat. Food provides us with nutrition and energy. Good food helps our kids grow strong and helps us re-main healthy as we get older. I strongly believe that when folks de-cide what food to purchase, they do so and should do so with all the informa-tion available to them. Unfortunately, Members of this body want to keep folks in the dark. They don’t want con-sumers to know exactly what is in the food they are eating. This fight is nothing new. In 2013, I was on the floor fighting against a piece of legislation called the Mon-santo Protection Act, which gave blan-ket immunity to major seed companies whose products had been or could be a target of litigation. Earlier this year, I was in this Chamber to fight against the DARK Act, which trampled on the rights of States and consumers alike at the request of the food industry. Once again, the Senate GMO labeling bill provides major food corporations with an out where they can hide behind a complex QR code to prevent folks from knowing if their food contains ge-netically modified organisms. It brings into question the very question of bio-engineering, and it raises concerns about the growing influence agri-business has on this body. The bill before us raises all these major concerns and many more. Be-sides keeping folks in the dark and be-sides telling States they cannot write their own consumer information laws, this bill gives the U.S. Department of Agriculture complete authority to uni-laterally interpret and implement the controversial provisions of this bill. To make things worse, this is not a collaborative bill. This bill provides corporate agribusiness with handout after handout, but it really doesn’t do a thing for family farm producers and the small mom-and-pop shops, the op-erations that are the backbone of our farming economy. Quite frankly, it un-dermines the work of organic pro-ducers, and it ignores the folks who purchase organic products. To me, it is clear that this is a one-sided bill—a bill that benefits multinational corpora-tions at the expense of family farmers and ranchers. To be more specific, I want to talk about four major problems I have with this bill. First, this bill mandates that compa-nies that use genetically engineered in-gredients disclose that information on the packaging. On the surface, this looks like a step forward, but as we dig a little deeper, the bill allows compa-nies to meet this mandate in three ways: a written label on a package, which would be fine; a symbol created by the USDA, which could also be fine; but then we have this—a QR barcode that folks have to scan using their smartphones to figure out whether there are genetically modified ingredi-ents in the food they are going to buy. Yes, this bill allows companies to meet the disclosure requirement with this— a QR barcode. If you can tell me what that says by looking at it, you are a much smarter man than I. The bill before us today specifically mandates that the words next to the QR code say ‘‘Scan here for more food information.’’ Those are the words in the bill. So if folks want to know if their cereal contains commodities that originated in a lab, rather than read it on a package clear as a bell, rather than read the words on a package, they will first have to know that the QR code will provide them with informa-tion about whether that product con-tains GMOs and not just more mar-keting information or a coupon. They would have to know that the phrase ‘‘more food information’’ means infor-mation about GMOs—maybe, maybe not. Then they would scan that code into their phones. Hopefully they will have cell service in that grocery store, but what happens if they don’t? That is not transparency. That is not the con-sumer’s right to know. They could not tell. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Jul 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.013 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4787 July 6, 2016 
If they somehow know what the phrase ‘‘more food information’’ means and they are fortunate enough to have Wi-Fi in their grocery store, they will be directed to a Web site, and then maybe they can learn about what is really in the food, potentially geneti-cally engineered products, although it is not clear what else they will have to read about or where that information will be hidden within that Web site. Other companies—maybe those that aren’t as big as the big international agribusinesses—will be allowed to hide that important information behind an 800 number. A mom or dad who wants to know what is in their child’s soup or bread will have to call many different 800 numbers in the aisles of the grocery store or scan many of these QR codes. Anybody who has ever gone to a gro-cery store with a small child in tow knows that is not going to happen. Quite frankly, it is probably not even going to happen if you don’t have a small child in tow. Between these ridic-ulous QR codes and the 1–800 numbers, mom or dad could easily end up stand-ing in a grocery store for hours scan-ning each individual product with a smartphone or dialing an international call center just to find out basic infor-mation about what they are going to eat. This is completely ridiculous, a nightmare for consumers, and an illu-sion of transparency. What if compa-nies were allowed to use QR codes in-stead of basic nutritional information? What if you had to scan a barcode to find out how much fat is in a bag of chips, how much protein is in a can of beans, or how much vitamin C is in a jug of orange juice, and the only clue you had was ‘‘Scan here for more infor-mation’’? It is interesting. When I go to a store and buy orange juice, I buy orange juice that is not made from con-centrate. That is my choice. I can read it right on the package. I have to tell you, I don’t know if that orange juice is any better than stuff that is made from concentrate, but it is written on the package, so I can determine what orange juice I want to buy. So if you don’t want to buy food or if you want to buy food with GMOs in it, you get to scan this little doodad up here, this QR code, and then maybe, if you hit the right Web page, you can find out what is in the food. We did this as a Senate. We did this to allow people to know what is in their food, and we actually think this is an effective method to let people know what is in their food. How would folks in Congress react if lobbyists and dark-money cam-paigns began pushing to get all nutri-tion labels off our foods, the same way this bill hides origins of our food? I can tell you there would be a ton of folks here on the floor. They would be rais-ing big hell, rather than just a handful who really aren’t afraid of Monsanto or the other massive food corporations. Hiding massive information behind barcodes and 800 numbers is totally un-acceptable. The Senate should not be in the business of hiding information from consumers. When I grew up, I was told the con-sumer is always right. We should be empowering those consumers, those American consumers, with more infor-mation about the food they purchase, not with less. Don’t take it from me— 9 out of 10 consumers say they want la-beling required for genetically engi-neered foods. What is the problem with that? It is already done in 64 countries. When you bring up the issue of con-sumer rights, of the ability of individ-uals to have some idea where their food comes from, you are told that GMOs are perfectly safe, but that response completely misses the point and in-sults every single person who has ever asked about the source of their food. What this is really about is con-sumers’ right to know—not with a Mickey Mouse QR code, not with a dif-ferent 800 number on every package of food you pick up, but with simple words that say that product contains GMO or it doesn’t. That will allow the consumer to make his choices. That will allow mothers and fathers around this country to be empowered, not to be controlled. Sixty-four countries, including places you would never ever think of as having transparency—places such as Russia, China, Saudi Arabia—require GMO labeling. If this bill passes, we are going to say—and it had 68 votes the last time it came to the floor—that we have GMO labeling. That is a joke. We have a Mickey Mouse GMO labeling law. So why is the United States the only developed country in the world that doesn’t require an easy-to-read GMO label on its food or an easy symbol that signifies it? There is a one-word an-swer: money. Here is an example. In 2012, California’s Proposition 37 would have required GMO labeling. Opponents of that labeling bill spent $45 million to defeat that proposition. Supporters of that labeling bill spent about $7 mil-lion. In fact, Monsanto alone spent $8 million. They outspent the supporters alone. That was in 2012. In 2013, Washington State had an ini-tiative called 522 that required GMO la-beling. More than $20 million was spent in opposition. About $7 million was spent in support of the campaign, with $1.6 million coming from Washington residents. These campaigns and lobbying orga-nizations have spent nearly one-half billion dollars to prevent commonsense labeling standards, and we have caved to that. If these companies are proud of GMO products, they should label them and make it a marketing tool. Instead, they are spending hundreds of millions of dollars to defeat commonsense measures that 90 percent of the public of this country supports because they are afraid the word ‘‘GMO’’ would hurt their billion-dollar profits. I am not asking for a skull and cross-bones on the package. This isn’t about the safety or health of these products. It is about transparency. It is about the public’s right to know. It is about putting families ahead of corporations. It is about valuing the consumer’s right to know over lobbyists in their slick suits and their influence here. They are denying consumers an easy- to-read national GMO label standard. Why? They are denying folks the trans-parency they need to make the best de-cisions for their families. It makes no sense to me. The second issue I have with this bill is the way it changes the definition of GMOs in a way that will not be good for consumers. To me, it is pretty sim-ple. If a crop is found to develop in na-ture, then God had his hand in making it. Products that have been genetically modified or engineered in a lab, well, those products are made by man. They are genetically engineered. In this bill, the definition of GMO is very different. This definition is very dangerous, and it will be a major mistake if it becomes a new national standard. As the bill currently reads, the term ‘‘bioengineering’’ requires food to con-tain genetic material that has been modified by rDNA techniques, and for which the modification could not oth-erwise happen through conventional breeding or be found in nature. That sounds harmless enough, but there are some huge problems with this definition. First, rDNA techniques are not the only way we modify plants and animals. Scientists can use cell fusion, macroinjection, gene deletion, gene ed-iting, and that is just what has been in-vented today. Tomorrow there will be other things they can do to manipulate the genes. The problem is, the definition re-quires the food product to contain ge-netic material that has been modified by rDNA. That is it. There are a hand-ful of products that are so refined, the final product would not be listed as GMO, even when the original plant is GMO—soybean oil, high-fructose corn syrup, to give an example. So as not to get in the weeds too far, organics certify a process. They certify the process a plant goes through. If you don’t have water-soluble fertilizers, if you don’t spray it with herbicides, and you have a soil-building program and good crop rotation and all those kinds of things, you can get certified as being organic. That would mean, the way I read this—and I am not a lawyer, but I will bet you we will find out in courts because we will have a lot of lawyers with smiles on their faces if we get this passed—you could take GMO corn, for example, raise it under organic stand-ards, because the oil does not show it is modified rDNA, and it could be or-ganic. That means Roundup Ready soy-beans, corn, could ultimately be ex-cluded from labeling of the GMO QR code. Folks will be purchasing products they think are GMO-free, when nothing could be further than the truth. I am not talking about obscure products. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.014 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4788 July 6, 2016 
am talking about very common ingre-dients. This is a huge loophole and one that was created on purpose. And why? Because if you control the food supply, you control the people. In this country right now, we have very limited competition in the mar-ketplace. When you sell your grain or your cattle, it doesn’t matter. There is not much competition out there be-cause there are just a few major multi-national agribusiness companies that are your market. So that is controlled. You buy inputs for your crops—fer-tilizers, sprays—there are just a few companies. There is no competition in that. They haven’t had control of the seed until recently, and now they are getting control of it in a big way. The farmer always had control of his own seed. He was always able to keep his own seed and use it the next year— not anymore. This bill will promote that going into the future, and we ask why people are leaving rural America. We ask why towns are drying up. We ask why farms are going away. All we have to do is look at this body and you can answer those questions. The GMO labeling bill—this GMO la-beling bill—will exclude some of the most prevalent GMO products in our marketplaces. Do you think that was done by accident? I think not. The second part of the definition re-fers to modifications that can be found in nature—extremely vague, and it also threatens transparency. But you know what. There are some natural gene modifications that happen in bac-teria—not plants, not animals, in bac-teria. Under this definition, that pro-vides another unnecessary loophole that will impact consumers because it says it is OK if it is found in nature. So we have a QR code and we have a really bad definition. By the way, they could have used the other definition— the one that is standard across the world. They chose not to. They put this definition in and said: Oh, the good thing about this is, it only applies to this bill. So it is OK. Don’t worry about it. The third problem I have with this bill is, it gives the USDA incredible rulemaking power. It allows them to determine what percentage of GMO in-gredients would be on the label. It gives the Department the power to es-tablish a national standard with that information. If that isn’t enough, the USDA then will design all forms of food disclosure, whether it is text, symbol, or electronic digital link. The Depart-ment also must provide alternative la-beling options for small packages. Fi-nally, the agency must consider estab-lishing consistency between the label-ing standard in this bill and the Or-ganic Food Productions Act of 1990. Now, why in the heck would that be in there? For the very same reason I talked about earlier. You could lit-erally have a GMO plant be raised under organic conditions, and because of this bill, it could be certified or-ganic. All of this power we just talked about would be given to unelected bu-reaucrats in an office building here in Washington, DC—quite a large office building. They are going to make the decisions, and we in production agri-culture are going to have to live with it. The last point I want to make is how this bill is going to negatively impact the organic industry. I know folks have come to the floor to talk about how it is going to be great for organics. The truth is, the organic industry is one of the bright spots in agriculture, quite frankly. For the last 30 years, it has grown between 10 and 30 percent a year. As a matter of fact, it grew 11 percent last year, with $43 billion in sales. That isn’t much in terms of the overall food system, but to organics it has moved quite impressively along. So I would ask: What good does this bill do for organics? I will tell you what it does. It states that products not required to label GMOs don’t auto-matically qualify for non-GMO status. Why not? I mean, that is kind of a given. It also states that organic cer-tification is a means of verifying non- GMO claims in the marketplace. Look, I have been through organic certifications. This farm is organic. I have been through organic certifi-cations now for 30 years next year, and I can tell you one of the first questions the inspector asks when he comes on the farm is this: Where did you get your seed and is it GMO? Because GMOs are flatly—flatly—forbidden in the organic system. So what they are saying is what we already have; that organic certifi-cation is a means of verifying non-GMO claims. The fact is, if I used GMO plants, I would not be organic and nei-ther would anybody else in production agriculture who uses GMO plants. So that is a biggie—gives us what we al-ready have. It clarifies that the narrow definition of GMOs and biotechnology in this bill—remember that definition we had up a minute ago—is only applicable to labeling—only applicable to this bill— and not other relevant regulations, like the organic rule, which is what we already have. This bill falls drastically short. I know there are trade organizations, such as the Organic Trade Association, and I know there are big companies out there that have said: This is perfect. Go ahead and move forward. I am tell-ing you they haven’t read the bill. They haven’t looked at the require-ments. They haven’t looked at hiding behind a QR code. They haven’t looked at the definition and what its real im-pact could be. They haven’t looked at giving the USDA incredible latitude. Then, when it is all done, we have to live with it. In the end, the result will be that this country will have a different pro-duction system, I believe. I hope this has positive impacts on production ag-riculture. As I look at legislation we pass around here, I ask myself: Is this going to help revitalize rural America or is this going to continue the reloca-tion of people and smalltown America going away? I have said many times on this floor, this is a great country, and one of the reasons it is great is because we have had a great public education system and we have had family farm agri-culture. I believe, if we lose either one of those, this country will change and it will change for the worse. I think this piece of legislation is not a step in the right direction for family farm ag-riculture. Look, this is a picture of my farm. My grandfather came to this area from the Red River Valley in 1910. When he came out, the place didn’t look like this. It was grass. In fact, this wasn’t his homestead. He traded my great uncle a team of horses for this place. There wasn’t anything there. There used to be an old house that sat here, the homestead shack. It was a pretty nice old house. That is what he built first. Then, after he patented in 1915, he built this barn in 1916. Now, you have to remember, back then they had nails and hammers. That is it. They didn’t have any pneumatics or hydraulics. He and his neighbors got together and built that barn in 1916. It was colder than old Billy out, but they had to have that barn because that barn was where they had their animals. It was farmed with horses then. Unfortu-nately, 2 years after he built it, a tor-nado came through, a cyclone, and flat-tened it. He built it again in 1919. He rebuilt the doggone thing. He just got out there, didn’t have anything but a bunch of grass, and put all this money—and that is a pretty good-sized barn. By the way, that blew down so he rebuilt it. Then, in 1920, they had a drought and he had to move back to North Dakota because they were starving to death. My mom was born back in North Da-kota that year, in 1920, and then they moved back a couple years later. They survived the Dirty Thirties. My folks took over in the early 1940s. Dad built that butcher shop. That is where this happened. We put up the shop here, which is equivalent to this. This is where we take care of our equipment now. This farm today is 1,800 acres. It was 1,200 acres for a good many years. We were able to add another 600 acres to it 20 years ago. This farm is about one- third the size of the average farm in Eastern Montana and has supported two families for its entire life, with the exception of the first 20 years and with the exception of when my mom passed in 2009. My dad passed 5 years earlier. It is a great place. It is part of who I am. It is bills like this—not the Dirty Thirties, not the Great Depression, not the attack on Pearl Harbor, not the mass exodus of the 1980s—that will re-move my family from this farm after over 100 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.016 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4789 July 6, 2016 
So when we take up pieces of legisla-tion like this and they are not good pieces of legislation—and we all think this is a great country. It is a great country. We just celebrated our 240th anniversary. When we take up pieces of legislation like this and say ‘‘It will be all right; things will get better,’’ guess what. Things don’t get better. And things aren’t getting better in rural America. The reason is that we are get-ting swallowed up by agribusiness. We don’t make a move anymore without agribusiness. Let me give an example. Take your product to the marketplace; you have a couple of people who will bid on it. Go buy your inputs; you have a couple people who will buy it. It will not be long, folks, before we will be paying taxes on the land, and we will be providing the labor, and the profits will go to the big guys—the guys who can never get enough. This bill will help facilitate that happening. I fully anticipate that, come Monday or whenever we vote on this, there will be enough votes to pass this because a lot of the folks have read the propa-ganda put out that you have to have this kind of stuff to feed the world. That may be true. I have never thought that, but it may be true. But the truth is, shouldn’t the consumer at least know what is on the food they are eat-ing? Shouldn’t they at least have a clue? Shouldn’t they at least be given that right in the greatest country in the world? Shouldn’t we have more transparency than Russia, not less? We will see what happens on Monday or whenever we vote on the GMO bill. I do appreciate Senator S
TABENOW ’s work on this bill. Unfortunately, it falls woefully short on what we need in this country as far as transparency on food. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I am here to talk about the sanctuary cities legislation and the GMO labeling issue, which Senator T
ESTER was so eloquent about. If ever there should be a leader on this Senate floor telling us the truth about the GMO labeling bill, it is he because he deals with this. As he ex-plained, he has worked the family farm for a long time—and his family, for generations. Unfortunately, at this point, it is big agribusiness that is in-fluencing this. I am more hopeful than he is that we can stop the bill. But let me talk about the fact that we have an immigration crisis in this Nation. Part of it is because we turned away from a very important bill, a bi-partisan bill, in 2013 that was com-prehensive immigration reform—bipar-tisan, passed by a huge number of Sen-ators, and it died in the Republican House. That is No. 1. No. 2, we have the Supreme Court that is deadlocked on the immigration issue, and Senators on the other side of the aisle will not even bring up President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee for a hearing. They will not do their job. So the House Repub-licans killed immigration reform that was comprehensive back in 2013, and the Senate Republicans are deadlocking the Supreme Court for partisan purposes. It is a nightmare that can be rectified only in this elec-tion that is coming up. Today we are going to be facing a vote on sanctuary cities legislation in-stead of taking another vote on the comprehensive immigration bill, which would have added 20,000 more Border Patrol agents, increased surveillance, and hired additional prosecutors and judges to boost prosecutions of illegal border crossings. The measure would have made clear that serious or violent felons will never, ever get a pathway to citizenship or even legal status. That bill would have brought families out of the shadows, taking away the fear of deportation, or being separated from loved ones, or parents being sent back, leaving kids who were born here alone. Sanctuary cities are important because it leads to cooperation with the local police, and it leads to reporting crimes in the communities. The fact is, the sanctuary cities bill before us will increase crime and make our communities less safe. It would un-dermine the trust that has been devel-oped between police and immigrant communities, setting back efforts to protect victims and put criminals be-hind bars. Let us be clear. The sanctuary cities bill of Senator TOOMEY —for some crazy reason—cuts Community Development Block Grant funding, which can be used by the police to buy equipment, rehab a police station, fund special anti-crime initiatives. Why would any-one ever get rid of funding for our law enforcement when they are under siege? The bill also cuts Economic De-velopment Administration grants, which foster job creation and attract private investment. I know this sanctuary cities bill is another piece of political garbage. I want to be clear because, at the end of the day, it will increase crime in our communities. I was a county super-visor. I served proudly, and I know how important local grants are to the local economy. So to punish communities by taking these funds away because they don’t decide that Uncle Sam has a right to tell them what to do is the dumbest idea ever. Let’s make commu-nities safer by passing real immigra-tion reform—comprehensive reform— and defeat these misguided bills that are coming before us. 
GMO LABELING BILL  
Speaking of misguided bills, I want to talk about another one, and that is the Roberts bill on labeling genetically modified organisms—or, should I say, not labeling genetically modified orga-nisms, because the definition of GMO is so narrow that most of the products that really are engineered will not have to have the label. If ever there were a bill that proves that leaders are out of touch, that leaders are elitist, it is this bill. People want information—information that is given in 64 nations, simple informa-tion. You go to the grocery store, and you see on a label whether the product you are buying is genetically modified. That is pretty straightforward. Don’t create some definition that essentially exempts most of the products. What a scam on the American people, and what a scam to say: By the way, for some of the products that will still be labeled, you may have to use your smartphone or a Web site to find out what is in the product. Call me old-fashioned, but I believe that if two-thirds of the world’s popu-lation—64 countries—have this infor-mation, I want my constituents to have the information. Why should a Russian have this information and an American not? Why should a Chinese person have this information and an American not? Why should someone in New Zealand have this information and an American not? Why should a Japa-nese person have this information and an American not? Why should 64 na-tions give their people this simple in-formation, and we can’t do it here? Why are we punishing our people, giv-ing them less information? Do we feel we are so smart and smug that we can keep this information from our people? I don’t understand it. This bill should be rejected. Is this an issue people care about? Yes. Ninety percent of Americans want to know if the food they buy has been genetically engineered. What this bill gives them is confusing at best and no information at worst. Let me be spe-cific because I don’t want someone to say: Oh, Senator BOXER is upset, but she hasn’t given us the details. Bear with me. Here are the details. First, the bill’s definition of geneti-cally engineered, or GE food, as it is known—genetically engineered—is ex-tremely narrow. The Food and Drug Administration, the FDA, says that many common foods made with geneti-cally engineered corn syrup, sugar, and soybean oil would not be labeled under this bill. For example, products that many of us have right now in our kitchen—such as yogurt, salad dressings, cereal, ketchup, ice cream, pink lemonade, and even cough syr-ups—would not be required to have a label even though they are derived from genetically modified organisms. It is important to know if your food is made with GMOs. I will tell you why. Many of us don’t know yet if GMOs are fine. Let’s say we think they are fine. We still need to know if they are in our food, No. 1, because it is our right to know but, secondly, because GMO crops are heavily sprayed with pes-ticides. Let me repeat that. You may think GMOs are fine, and they may be fine. The jury is out. But we know GMO crops are heavily sprayed with pes-ticide. So if I have a little baby and I don’t want to expose my baby to pes-ticides—if it is a GMO product, you know it has been sprayed heavily. Ac-cording to USGS, the U.S. Geological 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.017 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4790 July 6, 2016 
Survey, growers sprayed 280 million pounds of Roundup in 2012—a pound of herbicide for every single person in our country, a pound of pesticide sprayed for every single person in our country. GMO foods are heavily sprayed. I want to know when I go to the store—be-cause sometimes I do shop for my grandkids—if it is a GMO product be-cause, guess what, then I know it has been sprayed with pesticides. Now I want to take us to the label. Let’s set aside the narrow definition. Let’s look at what somebody has to go through under the Roberts bill to find out if there are GMOs. Here is a picture. This is a dad in his supermarket with his kids. One is in the basket with the products, and one is a toddler walking alongside—a pret-ty common sight. What would it be like for this dad with his two kids to get the information he wants under this bill? He is searching the shelves for items on his grocery list. We know what that is like. You have the two kids here, one in the basket, one over here. You have your list in front of you. He picks up a product, and he looks for a label to learn whether the food has been genetically engineered. Under this bill, the chances are over-whelming that there will not be a sim-ple label on it, but there may be a phone number, a Web site, or a QR code. It is not clearly defined in this bill. But what it means is that this dad would have to stop shopping for every item on his list. He would have to pull out his phone to make a call or type in a long Web site or scan a QR code just to find out if the product he wants to buy is genetically engineered. Let’s say he has 50 products in his basket—50. Does he have to make 50 phone calls? Can you imagine looking up 50 Web sites, scanning 50 different QR codes with a confusing cell phone app? You can’t imagine it because it isn’t going to happen because by that time these kids have melted down and so has dad, and he says: I can’t. I give up. I give up. He is not going to make 50 phone calls. And even if he owns a smartphone— which, by the way, many Americans still do not—he may not really know exactly how to work it. According to Pew Research, only 30 percent of Americans over 65 own a smart phone and just half of the people living in a rural area own one. Just be-cause someone owns a smart phone, that doesn’t mean they know how to use it. Why are we putting Americans through hoops like this just to find out what they are feeding their families? Why? I will tell you why: Big Agri-culture, special interests, campaign do-nations. We will be able to prove it. Seventy groups are against this hor-rible legislation: Center for Food Safe-ty, Empire State Consumer Project, Family Farm Defenders, Farm Aid, Food Alliance, Label GMOs, Maine Or-ganic Farmers, Midwest Organic and Sustainable Education Service, North-east Organic Farming, Our Family Farms, Rural Advancement Founda-tion International, Sierra Club, Slow Food USA, Sunnyside CSA, and Public Interest Research Group. It goes on and on. Believe me, my colleagues, you are going to hear from these people over the next several days until we vote on this. Why are my friends in this body so afraid of letting consumers know what is in their food? Because they are doing the bidding of the big agricultural companies, and that is what I believe. It is my opinion. Why on Earth would we stop people in this country from getting the same information the peo-ple of Russia get, the people of Japan get, the people in the EU get, the peo-ple in Australia get, and the people in New Zealand get? Why would you do that? Don’t you believe in the con-sumer’s right to know? This bill should be entitled ‘‘the consumer’s right not to know’’—not to know. That is what this bill is. We know the people of this Nation are smart. They will use this informa-tion if we only give it to them in the best way they can. Some will decide they don’t want GMOs. Some will de-cide they do. If the price is better and they don’t have a problem, it is fine. Let the people decide. It is like the dol-phin-safe label I created in the 1990s. The tuna fishermen were killing tens of thousands of dolphins a year because they were using purse seine nets. The dolphins were swimming over the tuna, and tens of thousands of dolphins a year were dying. The people wrote to me and said: Senator, is there a way you can help? I said: Yes, let’s put a label on and say which tuna companies are fishing dolphin-safe, and let the consumer decide. We have saved hundreds of thousands of dolphins over the years, but some people still will buy the other kind of tuna. That is their choice. All I am saying is to treat people with respect. Don’t be an elitist. Don’t keep informa-tion from them. Don’t make them jump through hoops. I will tell you the truth. This is the biggest issue in this election. The government elite is tell-ing people what they can know and what they can’t know and is making them go through hoops and making them use a smart phone and defining GMO in such a way that many products aren’t covered. What a sick bill that is. If you don’t want to have this done by the States, why don’t you come to the table and negotiate in good faith? The FDA cur-rently labels more than 3,000 ingredi-ents. They require the labeling of more than 3,000 ingredients, additives, and processes. Millions of Americans have filed comments with the FDA urging the agency to label GE foods so they can have this information at their fin-gertips. Ninety percent of the people want a simple label. What you are giving them in this so-called compromise is the nar-rowest definition of what is a geneti-cally modified food so that most of that food is never going labeled. By the way, it could even be labeled organic, which is a travesty. You have 70 orga-nizations, and counting, against it. Ninety percent of the people want a simple bill. But, oh, no, the elitists in this Chamber know better. Oh, they know better. They took a simple concept—labeling just like we did on the tuna can—and they turned it into a nightmare for the consumer. The consumer will never find out. This dad will never know be-cause while he has his kids there and his grocery list, he has to be looking at every single item that is in his cart, every single product, and most of them will not have a simple label. A lot of them are GMO, and they are not la-beled. It seems to me that it is an em-barrassment that we would even bring this bill up. I will do everything in my power to stop this bill. I would rather do nothing than this sham of a bill that does the bidding of the special, powerful interests and says to the American people: You know what, sorry, folks, we don’t really trust you with this information because we don’t really know what you are going to do with it. It is too bad that you don’t know what they are going to do with it. You have no right as a Senator to deter-mine what the American people will do with information. If it is a national se-curity issue, of course, that is dif-ferent. We know about that. If it is a consumer’s right to know what is in their food, don’t talk about how great this bill is because it is the opposite. It is completely the opposite of what it says. It is not truly a labeling bill. It is a phony sham, and I hope we defeat it whenever we get to it. I yield the floor. Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, almost 1 year ago to the day, a young woman was walking arm in arm with her father along a pier in San Fran-cisco. She had hopes and dreams and a bright future ahead, but her life was cut short when she was tragically shot, dying in her father’s arms. Her name was Kate Steinle. The suspected killer, who was ille-gally in the country and deported five times prior to that day, was released into the community by a sanctuary ju-risdiction that did not honor a detainer issued by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. The suspect in Kate’s death admitted that he chose to be in San Francisco because of its sanctuary policies. Unfortunately, nothing has changed in the last year. Sanctuary cities, in-cluding San Francisco, continue to harbor people in the country illegally. Since Kate was killed, there has been a long list of tragedies, tragedies that could have been avoided—some that could have been avoided if sanctuary policies were not in place, some that could have been avoided if we had a more secure border and beefed-up pen-alties for those who enter the country illegally time and again. Allow me to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.018 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4791 July 6, 2016 
mention a few of the cases I have been following. In July, Marilyn Pharis was brutally raped, tortured, and murdered in her home in Santa Maria, CA, by an illegal immigrant who was released from cus-tody because the county sheriff does not honor ICE detainers. In July, Margaret Kostelnik was killed by an illegal immigrant who also allegedly attempted to rape a 14-year- old girl and shoot a woman in a nearby park. The suspect was released because ICE refused to issue a detainer and take custody of the suspect. In July, a 2-year-old girl was brutally beaten by an illegal immigrant in San Luis Obispo County, CA. He was re-leased from local custody despite an immigration detainer and extensive criminal history and is still at large. In September, 17-year-old Danny Centeno-Miranda from Loudoun Coun-ty, VA, was allegedly murdered by his peers—people in the country illegally who also had ties to the MS–13 gang— while walking near his school bus stop. In November, Frederick County Dep-uty Sheriff Greg Morton was attacked by an MS–13 gang member who was in the country illegally. In January, my constituent, Sarah Root, was rear-ended and killed by a man in the country illegally who was street-racing and had a blood-alcohol level four times the legal limit. Sarah had graduated from college with per-fect grades that very day. ICE refused to issue a detainer, and the suspect was released. He is still at large. In February, Chelsea Hogue and Meghan Lake were hit by a drunk driv-er, leaving one injured and the other in a coma. The driver was in the country illegally and had previously been re-moved from the country five times. In February, Stacey Aguilar was al-legedly shot by a man who was in the country illegally. The suspect had also been previously convicted of a DUI. Last month, five people were trapped by a fire and killed in a Los Angeles apartment building. The man who al-legedly started the fire was in the country illegally and had been pre-viously arrested for domestic violence and several drug charges. The man was known to immigration authorities, but he wasn’t a priority for removal and was allowed to walk free. The fire killed Jerry Dean Clemons, Mary Ann Davis, Joseph William Proenneke, and Tierra Sue-Meschelle Stansberry—all my constituents from Ottumwa, IA. When will this end? We can do some-thing today by voting to proceed to S. 3100 and S. 2193. Sanctuary policies and practices have allowed thousands of dangerous criminals to be released back into the community, and the effects have been disastrous. Even the Secretary of Homeland Security acknowledges that sanctuary cities are ‘‘counter-productive to public safety.’’ He has said these policies were ‘‘unaccept-able.’’ Just last week, before the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee, the Sec-retary said he wanted to see more co-operation from various counties and cities in working with immigration en-forcement authorities. He said he has not been successful with Philadelphia and Cook County, IL. And we know that nothing has changed in San Fran-cisco where Kate Steinle was killed. The Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act, authored by Senator T
OOMEY , ad-dresses the problem of sanctuary juris-dictions in a common sense and bal-anced way. There seems to be con-sensus that sanctuary jurisdictions should be held accountable, so we do that with the power of the purse. This bill limits the availability of certain Federal dollars to cities and States that have sanctuary policies or prac-tices. The Toomey bill also provides pro-tection for law enforcement officers who do want to cooperate and comply with detainer requests. It would ad-dress the liability issue created by re-cent court decisions by providing li-ability protection to local law enforce-ment who honor ICE detainers. Major law enforcement groups support this measure because it reduces the liabil-ity of officers who want to do their job and comply with immigration detain-ers. Today, we will also vote on Kate’s law, a bill honoring Kate Steinle and many others who have been killed or injured by people who have repeatedly flouted our immigration laws. Kate’s law addresses criminals attempting to reenter the United States, many times after we have expended the resources to remove them. The bill creates a mandatory minimum sentence of 5 years for any alien who has been de-ported and illegally reenters the United States who is also an aggra-vated felon or has been twice convicted of illegal reentry. This is necessary to take certain individuals off our streets who are dangerous to our communities and have no respect for our laws. This bill has broad support by law en-forcement groups. It also has the sup-port of groups that want enforcement of our immigration laws. And it has the support of the Remembrance Project, a group devoted to honoring and remembering Americans who have been killed by illegal aliens. I would also mention that we could have the opportunity to vote on Sarah’s law if we get on either one of these bills today. Sarah’s law, which was introduced by Senators E
RNST , S
ASSE, FISCHER , and myself last week, is a measure that would honor Sarah Root of Iowa. Sarah Root was a bright, talented, energetic young woman whose life was taken far too early by someone in the country illegally. ICE refused to issue a detainer on the drunk driver, and he was released from custody. Sarah Root’s family is left wondering if they will ever have justice for their daughter’s death. Sarah’s Law would amend the man-datory detention provisions of the Im-migration and Nationality Act to re-quire the Federal Government to take custody of anyone who entered the country illegally, violated the terms of their immigration status, or had their visa revoked and is thereafter charged with a crime resulting in the death or serious bodily injury of another person. The legislation also requires ICE to make reasonable efforts to identify and provide relevant information to the crime victims or their families. It is important that Americans have access to information about those who have killed or seriously harmed their loved ones. Sarah’s opportunity to make a mark on the world was cut short in part be-cause of the reckless enforcement pri-orities of the Obama administration. By refusing to take custody of illegal criminal immigrants who pose a clear threat to safety, the Obama adminis-tration is putting Iowans at risk. It is time for this administration to rethink its policies and start enforcing the law. Today we have the opportunity to vote to proceed to two bills to help pro-tect Americans from criminal immi-grants. For too long, we have sat by while sanctuary jurisdictions release dangerous criminals into the commu-nity to harm our citizens. It is time we work toward protecting our commu-nities, rather than continuing to put them in danger. And, it is time that we institute real consequences for people who illegally enter the United States time and again. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, just over 3 years ago, the Senate over-whelmingly passed comprehensive, bi-partisan immigration reform. That bill secured the border. It provided an earned path to citizenship that would bring millions out of the shadows and reformed and modernized our legal im-migration system. It represented the Senate at its finest. It was a serious ef-fort to solve a serious problem. The two bills the Senate will turn to shortly stand in stark contrast. It ap-pears that Republican leadership pre-fers instead an approach that is in-spired by Donald Trump and the anti- immigrant rhetoric that is fueling his campaign. These efforts, embodied in the Toomey and Cruz bills, would take our immigration system in the oppo-site direction and pit local law enforce-ment and communities against each other, pushing hard-working immi-grants back into the shadows. What a difference a change in leadership makes. There are few topics more funda-mental to our national identity than immigration. A consistent thread through our history is the arrival of new people to this country seeking a better life. Immigration has been an ongoing source of renewal for Amer-ica—a renewal of our spirit, our cre-ativity, and our economic strength. The Senate reaffirmed its commit-ment to these ideals when we approved S. 744, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Mod-ernization Act 3 years ago. That legis-lation was supported by 68 Senators 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.043 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4792 July 6, 2016 
from both parties. It was a remarkable, bipartisan effort that was the subject of an extensive amendment process in the Senate Judiciary Committee. It was an example of all that we can ac-complish when we actually focus on the hard job of legislating. The bills we begin considering today could not be more different. They are not bipartisan. They do not reflect a desire to meaningfully improve what we all agree is a broken immigration system. Instead, these bills scapegoat an entire population for the crimes of a few. Those who support these bills point to a tragedy that captured our atten-tion last summer. Any time an inno-cent person is killed, we have an obli-gation to understand what happened and try to prevent similar tragedies in the future. We all feel that way about the senseless and terribly cruel death of Kate Steinle. Her death was avoid-able. Our system failed, period. And it is heart-wrenching that such a beau-tiful, young life was taken by a man who should never have been free on our streets. We are motivated to do something in the wake of her death, just as we are motivated to act in the wake of the senseless killings of 49 innocent people at an LGBT nightclub in Orlando, FL— or nine men and women attending a bible study class at the historic Mother Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, SC—or the nine innocent people brutally murdered at an Oregon community college. These are moments that demand leadership. We should roll up our sleeves and ad-dress the problems that led us here, not seek bumper-sticker solutions that simply divide us further. Not only does the rhetoric around the Toomey and Cruz bills unfairly paint immigrants and Latinos as crimi-nals and threats to the public, they ac-tually risk making us less safe. Sen-ator T
OOMEY ’s bill would require State and local law enforcement to become immigration agents and, in doing so, would undermine basic community po-licing principles. It would undermine the trust and cooperation between po-lice officers and immigrant commu-nities that is necessary to encourage victims and witnesses to step forward and report the crime that impacts us all. It would weaken law enforcement’s ability to apprehend those who prey on the public. And the draconian penalties in this bill will hurt our communities, which rely on Community Develop-ment Block Grants to fund crime pre-vention programs, provide housing for low-income families, support economic development and infrastructure projects, and rebuild communities dev-astated by natural disasters. Not sur-prisingly, it is opposed by mayors, do-mestic violence groups, Latino and civil rights groups, and labor organiza-tions. Senator C
RUZ’s bill is also dangerous. By creating two new mandatory mini-mums that will cost us billions of dol-lars to enforce, the bill diverts valu-able resources away from efforts that actually keep us safe, like supporting State and local law enforcement and victim services, and does nothing to fix the broken immigration system we have today. The penalties imposed in Senator CRUZ’s bill would not have pre-vented Kate Steinle’s murder. The man who murdered Kate served over 5 years for three separate illegal reentry viola-tions and served a total of 16 years in prison. Judges already have the au-thority to impose long prison sen-tences, and this case proves they actu-ally do. It is troubling that the majority leader is seeking a vote on this puni-tive, partisan bill, instead of working to pass the meaningful criminal justice reform legislation that has strong bi-partisan support. It is yet another ex-ample of his willingness to put politics above real solutions. The problems plaguing our immigra-tion system demand that we respond thoughtfully and responsibly. We can do better. We owe it to the American public to do better. I urge Senators to vote against cloture on these partisan bills that will not make us safer. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, today the Senate is voting to achieve cloture on two bills that would im-prove the safety of our citizens and help ensure that foreign criminals con-victed of a crime in the United States are no longer able to freely remain in our country. This issue was brought to the Na-tion’s attention with the tragic murder of Kate Steinle, who was shot and killed by Francisco Lopez-Sanchez as she walked along a San Francisco wa-terfront pier. To be clear, this type of case is rare, but we should provide little lenience to convicted, repeat offenders that should not even be in the country. This is not a debate about immigra-tion reform. Francisco Lopez-Sanchez is not a representative of the immi-grant community. He is a criminal and someone that should have been re-moved from the country when in the custody of the San Francisco’s sheriff’s department. For those that wish to de-fend this man or the policies that al-lowed him to stay here, I would rec-ommend looking clearly at his crimi-nal history and interactions with law enforcement while in the United States. February 2, 1993: Lopez-Sanchez is convicted of felony heroin possession in Washington State criminal court and sentenced to 21 days in jail. May 12, 1993: Lopez-Sanchez is con-victed of felony narcotics manufac-turing in Washington and sentenced to 9 months in jail. November 2, 1993: Lopez-Sanchez is convicted of felony heroin possession in Pierce County, WA, and sentenced to 4 months in jail. June 9, 1994: Lopez-Sanchez is con-victed of misdemeanor imitation con-trolled substance in Multnomah, OR, and ordered to pay a fine. June 10, 1994: Lopez-Sanchez is ar-rested by Immigration and Naturaliza-tion Service, INS, and convicted of a controlled substance violation and an aggravated felony. A Federal immigra-tion judge orders him deported on June 20, and he is removed to Mexico. July 14, 1994: Lopez-Sanchez illegally reenters the U.S. after his first depor-tation and falls into the hands of Ari-zona State authorities. His probation is revoked, and he is sentenced to 93 days in jail. July 11, 1996: Lopez-Sanchez is ar-rested in Washington and convicted of felony heroin possession. He is sen-tenced to 12 months, plus 1 day in pris-on. March 12, 1997: INS arrests Lopez- Sanchez on an order to show cause and charges him as a deportable alien be-cause of his illegal reentry and his ag-gravated felony conviction. He is de-ported back to Mexico for the second time on April 4, 1997. July 22, 1997: Lopez-Sanchez is ar-rested in Arizona for his first known act of violence on an assault and threatening/intimidation charge. January 13, 1998: Lopez-Sanchez is ar-rested by U.S. Border Patrol agents. Two days later, an immigration judge orders him removed, and he is deported for the third time on February 2 of that year. February 8, 1998: Lopez-Sanchez ille-gally reenters the U.S. 6 days after his previous deportation, but is appre-hended by U.S. Border Patrol. September 3, 1998: He is convicted of felony reentry in U.S. District Court and sentenced to 63 months in prison. February 20, 2003: Seemingly at the end of his prison sentence, the U.S. Bu-reau of Prisons hands Lopez-Sanchez over to INS. He is deported again to Mexico on March 6. July 4, 2003: Lopez-Sanchez again il-legally reenters the U.S. and is appre-hended by U.S. Border Patrol, this time in Texas. November 7, 2003: Lopez-Sanchez is convicted of two Federal charges: re-entry after removal and violation of a supervised Federal release. He is sen-tenced to 51 months and 21 months for the charges, respectively. June 29, 2009: After a lengthy prison sentence, the U.S. Bureau of Prisons hands Lopez-Sanchez over to ICE. He is immediately deported to Mexico. September 20, 2009: Lopez-Sanchez again reenters the U.S. illegally. This time, he is arrested by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents in Eagle Pass, TX. October 14, 2009: A U.S. attorney for the Western District of Texas files for a reindictment of Lopez-Sanchez for il-legal reentry after removal. He is charged in September 2010 for violating Federal probation. May 12, 2011: Lopez-Sanchez is sen-tenced to 46 months in prison and 36 months of supervised release for illegal reentry and probation violations. Two months later, ICE places a detainer re-quest with the Bureau of Prisons upon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.044 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4793 July 6, 2016 
his release from prison. In October 2013, ICE’s Southern California Security Communities Support Center places a similar detainer request with the Bu-reau of Prisons. March 26, 2015: After serving his sen-tence in Federal prison in Victorville, CA, Lopez-Sanchez is released and handed over directly to the San Fran-cisco sheriff’s department, which had a warrant out for felony sale of mari-juana. The next day, ICE received an automatic electronic notification that Lopez-Sanchez had been placed into the custody of the San Francisco sheriff’s department. ICE then placed a detainer request with the sheriff to be notified prior to Lopez-Sanchez’s release. April 15, 2015: The San Francisco sheriff’s department releases Lopez- Sanchez from its custody without noti-fying ICE. July 1, 2015: Lopez-Sanchez allegedly shoots Steinle on San Francisco’s Pier 14 as she is walking with her father and a friend. Steinle dies. Lopez-Sanchez is arrested soon after. As you can see, Lopez-Sanchez was apprehended and deported five times by Customs and Border Protection. The system failed Kate Steinle when San Francisco, a sanctuary city that re-fuses to cooperate with ICE, decided to release a convicted felon rather than contact DHS to have him deported to Mexico. The bills we are voting on today would help prevent a similar tragedy from happening again. S. 2193 will pro-vide a 5-year mandatory minimum sen-tence for any illegal immigrant who re-enters the United States after having been convicted of an aggravated felony or after having been twice convicted of illegally reentering the United States. S. 3100 will withhold certain Federal funds from cities with sanctuary poli-cies in an effort to convince these cit-ies to allow their law enforcement to cooperate with Federal immigration officials. I urge my colleagues to vote for clo-ture on these two bills to prevent a fur-ther tragedy like that suffered by the Steinle family. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. Mr. SASSE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for as much time as I may consume. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FORMER SECRETARY CLINTON ’S USE OF  
UNSECURED EMAIL SERVERS  
Mr. SASSE. Madam President, yes-terday, James Comey, the FBI Direc-tor, announced that his agency will not recommend that the Department of Justice bring Federal criminal charges against former Secretary of State Hil-lary Clinton regarding her use of a set of off-the-books, undisclosed, unse-cured email servers, not only for her own personal correspondence but also for her official duties, including highly sensitive material related to foreign intelligence and related to terrorist targeting. Director Comey’s rationale for sys-tematically and devastatingly recount-ing Secretary Clinton’s many viola-tions of the law and yet recommending against a prosecution is being hotly de-bated both outside and inside the FBI, as it should be. I rise in this body today, as a matter of oversight, to speak to a slightly dif-ferent matter than the prosecutorial discretion and decision. The debate about why the crimes are not being prosecuted in this case should not blind us to a broader, debasing problem in our civic life today. Simply put, lying matters. Public trust matters. Integ-rity matters. And woe to us as a nation if we decide to pretend this isn’t so. This issue is not about political points or about Presidential politics. It is about whether the people can trust their representatives, those of us who are supposed to be serving them in gov-ernment for a limited time. I am going to read today a series of direct quotes from Secretary Clinton regarding this investigation, and then I will also read a series of direct quotes from Director Comey’s statement yes-terday, as well as from the State De-partment’s official inspector general report on this issue. I will not provide a running commentary. I will, instead, simply recount the words and the as-sertions of Secretary Clinton, and I will hold them up to the light of what the FBI and the State Department in-vestigations have found. Sadly, this will be damning enough. When the story broke about the Sec-retary’s use of a personal email ac-count and set of undisclosed servers, she called a press conference at the United Nations on March 10 last year, and she emphatically and without qualification declared this: I did not email any classified material to anyone on my email. There is no classified material. 
Period, full stop. Yesterday, Director Comey said: That is not true. 
110 e-mails in 52 e-mail chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received. Eight of those chains con-tained information that was Top Secret at the time they were sent; 36 chains contained Secret information. 
Later, Secretary Clinton adjusted her defense to say: ‘‘I did not send nor re-ceive information that was marked classified at the time that it was sent or received.’’ Yesterday, Director Comey directly addressed and directly dismissed this defense, noting that while only a small number of the emails containing classi-fied information bore the markings in-dicating the presence of classified in-formation, ‘‘even if information is not marked ‘classified’ in an e-mail, par-ticipants who know—or should know— that the subject matter is classified are still obligated to protect it.’’ Throughout this controversy, Sec-retary Clinton has maintained: ‘‘I [have] fully complied with every rule I was governed by.’’ She said: I have fully complied with every rule I was governed by. The inspector general of her own State Department has concluded ex-actly the opposite. Sending emails from a personal account to other employees at their Department Ac-counts is not an appropriate method of pre-serving any such emails that would con-stitute a Federal record. Therefore, Sec-retary Clinton should have preserved any Federal records she created and received on her personal account by printing and filing those records with the related files in the of-fice of the Secretary. At a minimum, Sec-retary Clinton should have surrendered all emails dealing with Department business be-fore leaving government service and, because she did not do so, she did not comply with the Department’s policies that were imple-mented in accordance with the Federal Records Act. 
Regarding those subsequently surren-dered emails, Mrs. Clinton has said: 
After I left office, the State Department asked former secretaries of state for our as-sistance in providing copies of work-related emails from our personal accounts. I re-sponded right away and provided all my emails that could have possibly been work- related. 
Yesterday, Director Comey explicitly rejected this claim, noting not only that several thousand emails were missing but, also, that some of the emails she withheld were in fact classi-fied. Director Comey said: 
The FBI also discovered several thousand work-related e-mails that were not in the group of 30,000 that were [initially] returned by Secretary Clinton to [the] State [Depart-ment] in 2014. . . . With respect to the thou-sands of emails we found that were not among those produced to [the] State [De-partment], agencies have concluded that three of those were [also] classified at the time they were sent or received, one at the Secret level. 
Lest we be confused, here is Director Comey’s summary of the situation: 
Any reasonable person in Secretary Clin-ton’s position, or in the position of those government employees with whom she was corresponding about these [classified] mat-ters, should have known that an unclassified system was no place for that conversation. 
We could go on. There is more about the foreign adversaries—on which all of us in this body get our classified briefs—that we know were and are today trying to hack sensitive U.S. Government classified material. What I have presented here is not an opinion. This is not political talking point or spin. All we have done here is to re-count some of the specific defenses, claims, and excuses Secretary Clinton has offered regarding her use of a set of unsecured, undisclosed off-the-books email servers and then contrasted those claims with how both the FBI’s and the State Department’s inspectors general have proved those claims to be clearly and knowingly false. If any of Secretary Clinton’s defend-ers in this body would like to come to the floor to dispute any of the FBI’s as-sertions, I would welcome that con-versation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.001 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4794 July 6, 2016 
These are serious matters, and they deserve our serious attention. As elect-ed officials, we have been entrusted for a time with the security of the Nation and with the trust of the people. Quite apart from the specific questions and debates about whether Secretary Clin-ton is going to be convicted for her crimes, we must grapple with the re-ality that the public trust, the rule of law, and the security of our Nation have been badly injured by her actions. In the coming months, the next time that a career military or intelligence officer leaks an important secret that is a legally defined classified matter that relates to the security of our Na-tion and the security of our Nation’s spies, who are putting their lives at risk today to defend our freedoms, one of two things is going to happen: Ei-ther that individual will not be held ac-countable because yesterday the deci-sion was made to set a new, lower standard about our Nation’s security secrets, and we will therefore become weaker, or, in the alternative, the deci-sion will be made to hold that person accountable, either by prosecution or by firing. In that moment, that indi-vidual and his or her peers and his or her family will rightly ask this ques-tion: Why is the standard different for me than for the politically powerful? Why is the standard different for me, a career intelligence officer or a career soldier, than for the former Secretary of State? This question is about the rise of a two-tiered system of justice, one for the common man and one for the ruling political elites. If we in this body allow such a two-tiered system to solidify, we will fail in our duties, both to safeguard the Nation and for the people to believe in representative gov-ernment and in equality before the law. This stuff matters. Lying matters. The dumbing down and the debasing of expectations about public trust matter. Honor matters, and woe to us as a na-tion if we decide to forget this obvious truth of republican government. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:47 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Brian R. Martinotti, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Thank you, Madam President. SANCTUARY CITIES LEGISLATION  
I rise to address the legislation we are going to be voting on later this afternoon, two procedural votes to take up legislation. Both bills were in-spired by a horrendous event that oc-curred almost exactly 1 year ago. On July 1, 2015, a 32-year-old woman named Kate Steinle was walking on a pier in San Francisco with her dad, and out of nowhere comes a man who starts firing his weapon at her, shoots her, and within moments Kate Steinle bled to death in her father’s arms. As appalling as that murder was, one of the particularly galling things about it is that the shooter should never have been on the pier that day. The shooter had been convicted of seven felonies and had been deported from America five times because he was here ille-gally. Even more maddening is that just a few months earlier, San Fran-cisco law enforcement officials had him in their custody. They had him, and the Department of Homeland Security, discovering that fact, put out a request that said: Hold on to this guy. Detain him until we can get one of our guys there to take him into custody because we want to get him out of this country. He is dangerous; we know he is. What did the San Francisco law en-forcement folks do? They said: Sorry, we can’t help you. They released him onto the streets of San Francisco, from which he later shot and killed a per-fectly innocent young woman. Why in the world would the San Francisco law enforcement folks re-lease a seven-time convicted felon, five-time deported person who was known to be dangerous, in the face of a request from the Department of Home-land Security? Why would they release such a person? Because San Francisco is a sanctuary city, which means it is the legal policy of the city of San Francisco to refuse to provide any in-formation or to cooperate with a re-quest to detain anyone when the De-partment of Homeland Security is re-questing such cooperation with respect to someone who is here illegally. This is madness. It is unbelievable that we have municipalities that are willfully releasing dangerous people into our communities. Let me point out that the terribly tragic case of Kate Steinle is not a unique case. According to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in an anal-ysis looking at an 8-month period in 2014—the most recent period for which we have data—sanctuary cities across America released 18,000 individuals and 1,800 of them were later arrested for criminal acts. That is what is hap-pening across America, including in the great city of Philadelphia in my home State of Pennsylvania, which has become a sanctuary city. Today we are going to vote on two different bills. We are going to take a procedural vote which will determine whether we can proceed to two bills in-spired by this terrible tragedy. First is my legislation called the Stop Dan-gerous Sanctuary Cities Act, S. 3100. I am grateful for my cosponsors, Sen-ators I NHOFE , VITTER , COTTON , JOHN-
SON, CRUZ, and W ICKER . Let me explain how this is structured. There is a court ruling that has caused a number of municipalities that would rather not be sanctuary cities to believe they need to become sanctuary cities. The ruling is from the Third Cir-cuit Court of Appeals, which has juris-diction over my State of Pennsylvania, and also a Federal district court in Or-egon. They have held that if the De-partment of Homeland Security makes a mistake—let’s say it is the wrong John Doe—and they ask a police de-partment somewhere to hold that per-son, if it turns out they are holding him wrongly, according to these court decisions, the local police department can be held liable even though they were just acting in good faith at the re-quest of the Department of Homeland Security. Well, that doesn’t make any sense, and it is easily corrected. My bill will correct it. What my bill says is that if a person is wrongly held in such a cir-cumstance where the local police are complying in good faith with a request from the Department of Homeland Se-curity, if that happens, the individual wrongly held can still sue, they can still go to court, but they wouldn’t go to court against the local police or local municipality, they would take their case against the Department of Homeland Security, where it belongs. After all, it was the error of the De-partment of Homeland Security that caused the person to be wrongly held. So that solves the problem of a munici-pality being concerned about a liabil-ity that would attach to their doing the right thing. Given that solution, which is in our legislation, if we pass this and make this law, then there is no excuse what-soever for any municipality willfully refusing to cooperate with Federal im-migration and law enforcement offi-cials. The second part of my legislation says that if a community neverthe-less—despite a lack of legal justifica-tion—chooses to be a dangerous sanc-tuary city, well, then, they are going to lose some Federal funds—specifi-cally, community development block grant funds, which cities get from the Federal Government. They love to spent it on all kinds of things. The fact is, sanctuary cities impose costs on the rest of us—security costs, costs to the risks we take, the un-speakable costs the Steinle family in-curred—so I think it is entirely reason-able that we withhold this funding as a way to hopefully induce these cities to do the right thing. I say there are two pieces of legisla-tion we will be taking procedural votes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.020 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4795 July 6, 2016 
on today. The other is Kate’s Law. I commend Senator C
RUZfor introducing this legislation. As I pointed out, Kate Steinle’s killer had been convicted of seven felonies and deported five times. How many times is this going to hap-pen? What Kate’s Law simply says is that there will be a mandatory 5-year prison sentence for someone who ille-gally reenters the United States after having already been convicted of an ag-gravated felony and after having been convicted of at least two previous of-fenses of illegal reentry. If that gets confusing, the bottom line is that they have come into the country four times illegally and have been convicted of an aggravated felony. At some point, they need to go to jail, and that is what Kate’s Law does. Let me get back to my legislation be-cause there is a mistaken impression and I want to set the record straight. Some have argued that if my legisla-tion were passed, if we passed legisla-tion to correct the legal problem and then withhold funding from cities that become sanctuary cities, that might discourage victims of crime and wit-nesses to crime from coming forward if they are here illegally because they will have a fear of being deported. Let’s be very clear. Our legislation explicitly states that a locality and municipality will not be labeled a ‘‘sanctuary jurisdiction’’—so they would not be at risk for losing any Fed-eral funds—if their policy is that when a person comes forward as a victim or a witness to a crime, local law enforce-ment does not share information with DHS and does not comply with a De-partment of Homeland Security re-quest for a retainer. In other words, there is a big carve-out. There is an ex-ception. There is a carve-out for people who are victims of crime or witnesses of crime, so we don’t discourage people from coming forward. I think it makes perfect sense. Some have also argued erroneously that my bill creates a mandate for local law enforcement to take on the Federal immigration duties—duties that are a part of the Federal Govern-ment. The fact is, that is a misreading of the legislation. Our legislation does not require local law enforcement to do anything. It doesn’t even require that local law enforcement comply with any requests from the Department of Homeland Security. What it says is that you will be defined as a sanctuary city if you have local legislation that forbids cooperation. That is what it says. So the police can make their best judgment and can cooperate with the administration when they see fit with-out being in violation of their own laws. Our legislation does not at all im-pede the enforcement of criminal law, and it does not impose any burdens. There are four law enforcement groups that have endorsed my bill: the Federal Law Enforcement Officers As-sociation, the National Sheriffs’ Asso-ciation, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the Inter-national Union of Police Associations, which is an AFL–CIO entity. The re-ality is that the vast majority of local law enforcement wants to cooperate with the Federal Department of Home-land Security folks, immigration offi-cials, and law enforcement people be-cause they are all about keeping our communities safer and they don’t want to release someone onto the streets who is likely to be a criminal or even a terrorist. Let me stress that support for my legislation is bipartisan, and opposi-tion to the kind of sanctuary city pol-icy that we have in Philadelphia is bi-partisan. Ed Rendell is the former mayor of Philadelphia, the former Gov-ernor of Pennsylvania, and the former chairman of the Democratic National Committee, and he has criticized the policy Philadelphia has put in place. Mayor Nutter—the recently outgoing mayor—reversed the sanctuary city policy that they used to have in place because he realized it is a bad policy for keeping Philadelphians and Penn-sylvanians safe. The Obama adminis-tration asked the Secretary of the De-partment of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, to travel to Philadelphia per-sonally, and he pleaded with Mayor Kenney, the mayor of Philadelphia, to at least make some narrow exceptions to the sanctuary city policy precisely so that when we have suspected terror-ists in the custody of local police de-partments and the Department of Homeland Security discovers this, they will get some cooperation so we can take custody of these people. This, to me, is just common sense. It is not principally about immigration; it is almost entirely about security and keeping dangerous people off our streets. The vote today is not a final disposi-tion of the legislation; it is a vote on whether we can even take it up and begin a debate. I don’t know how anyone could de-fend the proposition that we shouldn’t even consider this legislation. If some-one wants to oppose it, by all means. But the vote we are going to have today is a procedural vote on whether we proceed to this legislation and just begin this discussion. For me, it shouldn’t be a question at all. For the safety of the American people, we ought to proceed with this legislation. In my view, the life of Kate Steinle matters. I hope my colleagues will vote to en-able us to proceed, and let’s have a vig-orous debate about the merits of this, about whether we ought to tolerate sanctuary cities that knowingly and willfully refuse to cooperate with Fed-eral immigration and law enforcement officials. Let’s have the discussion, by all means, but let’s start by getting on the bill so we can attempt to find a consensus and resolution to this. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I rise today in support of the confirma-tion of Judge Brian R. Martinotti to be a U.S. district court judge for the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. I am very proud to support his nomination and grateful that my sen-ior Senator R
OBERT MENENDEZ is here as well. Judge Martinotti is an outstanding public servant who has honorably served the people of New Jersey in both private practice and public service for decades. I am grateful that Judge Martinotti is finally getting the con-firmation vote he deserves more than a year after his nomination. I thank Sen-ator M
ENENDEZ for his support of this nomination throughout this long proc-ess. During my first year within the Sen-ate, I had the honor to recommend Judge Martinotti to President Obama. He is a talented jurist, he has an im-pressive legal background, and he is more than qualified to be a Federal judge. As a judge in the New Jersey Supe-rior Court, Judge Martinotti is a well- known and highly regarded leader in the New Jersey legal community. As a State superior court judge, he served 14 years and has judicial experience, hav-ing presided over 90 cases that have gone to judgment. He previously served as a public defender, a prosecutor, a tax attorney, and even city council member, the same position where I began my political career. He served as a legal counsel for the Italian Amer-ican Police Society and has worked in private practice for 15 years. Judge Martinotti has litigated both criminal and civil cases, which I am confident will make him a well-bal-anced jurist. Judge Martinotti pos-sesses a sharp legal mind, a breadth of experience, solid judicial temperament, and he is prepared to do the work of a Federal jurist. The American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary rated Judge Martinotti unanimously ‘‘well qualified,’’ giving him their highest possible rating. Last October, the Judiciary Com-mittee voted unanimously in support of Judge Martinotti’s nomination. I am confident this well-qualified nominee will serve honorably on the Federal bench. While I am pleased Senate leadership has finally scheduled this vote, this body still has work to do when it comes to confirming more well-quali-fied judicial nominees. Currently, our Federal courts have 83 Federal vacan-cies nationwide, 30 of which have been deemed judicial emergencies. Despite the number of vacancies, the pace of judicial confirmations has been histori-cally slow. Last year, the Senate con-firmed only 11 judicial nominees, matching the record for confirming the fewest number of judicial nominees in more than half a century. Now, more than 17 months into this Congress, there have only been 20 judges who have been confirmed. Yet, with a Democratic majority during the last 2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.023 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4796 July 6, 2016 
years of the Bush administration, the Senate confirmed 68 judges. I fear the Senate’s slow pace of con-firming judges will harm the judicial branch and make it harder for Ameri-cans to achieve simple justice in fed-eral courts. Even after today’s vote, we still have 2 of the 17 judicial seats vacant in the District of New Jersey and 24 judicial nominees pending on the Senate floor. We have to do better. We do not yet have an agreement to vote on the nomination of Judge Julien Neals, whose nomination has now been pending before the Senate for 18 months. His nomination has the support of both myself and Senator M
ENENDEZ  and was unanimously passed out of the Judiciary Committee last November. It is time that Judge Neals’ nomination receive a full Senate vote. Our Federal justice system cannot function as in-tended when critical posts are left va-cant for months on end. It hurts our economy, our civil rights, and the over-all principles of justice in our country. I urge our leadership to act to ad-dress the judicial vacancy crisis. I also urge my fellow Senators to vote to con-firm Judge Martinotti as U.S. district judge for the Federal district court of New Jersey. Thank you, Madam Presi-dent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sen-ior Senator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I am pleased to be joining my colleague from New Jersey Senator B
OOKER in his recommendation to the President of Judge Martinotti and today on the floor in support of his confirmation. It was one of Senator B
OOKER ’s first op-portunities to recommend to the Presi-dent an exemplary recommendation that again I was very pleased to sup-port. I rise to express to all of my col-leagues my wholehearted, enthusiastic support of Brian Martinotti’s nomina-tion and his confirmation by the Sen-ate to the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. In his life and in his career, he has shown himself to be a judge with the necessary wisdom, experience, and judicial temperament the district court requires. For well over a decade, he has been a superior court judge in Bergen County, NJ, which—for my colleagues who may not be familiar with the State—is a densely populated county, with all the inherent needs for someone such as Judge Martinotti, who has repeatedly shown the intellect, the judicial tem-perament, and the observance of prece-dent—which I know is very important to many of my colleagues—that it takes to make a fair judgment based on the law. Beyond his glowing record in the family division and now in the civil di-vision, where he is handling a diverse caseload from complex mass tort liti-gation to environmental lawsuits, housing issues, and countless other areas, the fact is, he is exceptionally well regarded by those who have ap-peared before him on both sides of the table, the defense and the prosecution tables. That says more about the man than any list of cases he has heard. He has a wealth of knowledge from private practice, and that will help him as he deals with the practitioners who will be before him. He has a wealth of experience in mediation before the Ber-gen County Superior Court, in the New Jersey State Board of Mediation, American Arbitration Association, Na-tional Arbitration and Mediation, and as a court-approved mediator. His experience is impeccable, going back to his time as a judicial law sec-retary for the Honorable Roger M. Kahn and when he was a student at Fordham University and Seton Hall University School of Law in Newark. He has been a leader in New Jersey, the very definition of a pillar of the community, serving as a member of the Bergen County Law and Public Safety Institute, Palisades Medical Center, the March of Dimes, the Bergen County Community College Foundation, the Italian American Police Society of New Jersey, not to mention the many honors and awards he has received from countless community organiza-tions. Given his experience, his tempera-ment, his proven abilities, and person-ally knowing the kind of man he is, it is no wonder his name is before the U.S. Senate today. Indeed, the Amer-ican Bar Association Standing Com-mittee on the Federal Judiciary unani-mously rated him ‘‘well qualified’’ to serve on the bench. That is the bar as-sociation’s highest rating. As I have traveled the globe as a sen-ior member of the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee, I can tell you that when we talk about American exceptionalism, one of the elements of American exceptionalism is the rule of law. As part of that rule of law, it is the judicial functions that take place— where any citizen can expect to walk into a courtroom in the Nation, find themselves before a judge who is enor-mously well qualified, and who can have a fair day as it relates to the issues they are litigating before that court. That is an essential part of American exceptionalism. Judge Martinotti, upon confirmation, will only enhance that American exceptionalism, far beyond even where it is today. I urge my colleagues to join us and unanimously confirm this eminently qualified nominee to the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, this week we mark the signing of the Dec-laration of Independence and celebrate the values upon which this Nation was founded. Back in Vermont, we cele-brated on July 4 with parades and fire-works displays, as did millions of Americans around the country. It is important, however, not only to cele-brate our values on July 4, but also to live by them year-round. This means that we should embrace those public servants who, while working hard to build better lives for themselves and their families, enrich our communities and contribute so much to our Nation. We see the true meaning of patriot-ism in those hard-working Americans who ask what they can do for their country and pursue public service. Chief Judge Merrick Garland, who has served for nearly two decades as a Fed-eral judge on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, is a perfect example. Chief Judge Garland also served for several years in the Justice Department, where he was charged with leading the Fed-eral response to the deadliest act of do-mestic terrorism in our history. This is a person who makes us all proud to be Americans, but instead of honoring Chief Judge Garland’s service, Senate Republicans have undertaken an unre-lenting campaign of partisan obstruc-tion against his nomination to the Su-preme Court. Recently, Reid Hoffman, the Silicon Valley entrepreneur and founder of LinkedIn, penned an op-ed criticizing the Senate Republican blockade of Chief Judge Garland’s nomination: ‘‘Effectively, [Majority Leader McConnell] and his allies are in the midst of a year-long strike. ‘‘Imagine if entire departments at Fortune 500 companies announced they were going to stop performing key functions of their job for a year or more, with no possibility of moving forward until a new CEO took over. Investors would start dumping their stock. Customers would seek out alternatives. Com-petitors would make these companies pay for such dysfunctional gridlock. Eventually ex-ecutives and employees would be fired. ‘‘In Silicon Valley, such behavior would be corporate suicide.’’ 
I could not agree more. We cannot allow Senate Republicans to unilater-ally decide to refuse to do its job, and essentially create ‘‘dysfunctional grid-lock.’’ I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the article be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-marks. Instead of scheduling a hearing for an impeccably qualified nominee, Repub-licans are holding Chief Judge Gar-land’s nomination hostage in their hopes that the Republican Party’s pre-sumptive Presidential nominee will be elected and make a different nomina-tion. This is the same candidate who has displayed a stunning misunder-standing of the role of the judiciary and who accused a sitting Federal judge of bias simply because of his her-itage. While some Senate Republicans have rightly condemned those racist attacks on Judge Gonzalo Curiel, they are still standing by the man who launched those racist attacks. As former U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach in Ohio put it in a recent op-ed, ‘‘if country really does come be-fore party, how can anyone who calls himself an American leader still sup-port this man who openly berates pub-lic servants based on their race?’’ I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.024 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4797 July 6, 2016 
article be printed in the R ECORD at the conclusion of my remarks. Senate Republicans’ partisan refusal to do their jobs extends to the lower courts as well. In the 19 months that Senate Republicans have had a major-ity, they have allowed just 21 votes on judicial nominations. As a result, Fed-eral judicial vacancies have sky-rocketed. This is not how the Senate should operate, and the American peo-ple deserve better. When Democrats controlled the Senate during the last 2 years of President George W. Bush’s administration, we worked hard to con-firm judicial nominees with bipartisan support. During those 2 years, we con-firmed 68 of President Bush’s judicial nominees and reduced the number of judicial vacancies to 34. We even held hearings and confirmation votes into late September of the election year, be-cause filling vacancies with qualified nominees with bipartisan support is more important than scoring partisan points. Senate Republicans have not shared that priority, or else they would never have allowed judicial vacancies to nearly double from 43 to 83 since they have controlled the Senate, leav-ing two dozen judicial nominations pending on the Senate floor. The nominee the Senate will finally vote on today, Brian Martinotti, was nominated over a year ago to fill a va-cancy on the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. Judge Martinotti has been awaiting a floor vote for over 250 days, even though his nomination was reported by voice vote by the Judiciary Committee last Octo-ber. Since 2002, Judge Martinotti has served as a judge on the Superior Court of New Jersey. Prior to that, he spent 15 years in private practice. Judge Martinotti has also served as a public defender, as a prosecutor, and as a mu-nicipal tax attorney. The ABA Stand-ing Committee on the Federal Judici-ary unanimously rated Martinotti ‘‘Well Qualified’’ to serve on the dis-trict court, its highest rating. He has the support of his home State Sen-ators, Mr. M
ENENDEZ and Mr. B OOKER . I support his nomination. Even after today’s vote, there will still be 24 judicial nominations lan-guishing on the Senate floor. One of them was reported at the same time as Judge Martinotti and has also been awaiting a vote for over 8 months. We still do not have an agreement to vote on the nomination of Edward Stanton to the Western District of Tennessee. In 2010, the Senate voted unanimously to confirm Mr. Stanton as the U.S. at-torney for that district. His current nomination is supported by his two Re-publican home State Senators, and he was unanimously voice voted out of the Judiciary Committee. I hope the Re-publican Senators from Tennessee will be able to persuade the majority leader to schedule a vote for Mr. Stanton’s nomination before we leave for the 7- week recess he has scheduled. It is the Senate’s duty to ensure that our independent judiciary can function. Senate Republicans must be respon-sible and act on Chief Judge Garland’s nomination, as well as the 24 judicial nominations that are languishing on the Senate floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
[From Medium.com, June 29, 2016] O
BSTRUCTIONISM IS TERRIBLE GOVERNANCE  (By Reid Hoffman) As an entrepreneur and investor, I prioritize construction and collaboration. Whether it’s a five-person start-up or a glob-al giant, the companies that are most pro-ductive are the ones whose employees oper-ate with a shared sense of purpose and a clear set of policies for responding to chang-ing conditions and new opportunities. That’s why I’m so appalled by what’s hap-pening in the Senate this year, and how starkly it illustrates the differences between Silicon Valley and Washington, DC. Just hours after Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia unexpectedly died in Feb-ruary, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told the American people not to expect a replacement any time soon. The va-cancy created by Justice Scalia’s passing, McConnell insisted, ‘‘should not be filled until we have a new president.’’ Since then, Leader McConnell’s position has remained unchanged—he won’t even meet with any nominee until January 2017. Effectively, he and his allies are in the midst of a year-long strike. Imagine if entire departments at Fortune 500 companies announced they were going to stop performing key functions of their job for a year or more, with no possibility of moving forward until a new CEO took over. Investors would start dumping their stock. Customers would seek out alternatives. Com-petitors would make these companies pay for such dysfunctional gridlock. Eventually ex-ecutives and employees would be fired. In Silicon Valley, such behavior would be corporate suicide. In Washington, DC, it’s business as usual. So Mitch McConnell’s strike goes on and on—he refuses to even meet with any nomi-nee until a new president takes office. Other senators like Richard Burr (R–NC), Sen. Chuck Grassley (R–IA), and Rob Portman (R– OH) have followed McConnell’s lead, either refusing to even informally meet with Judge Garland, or meeting but still reflexively in-sisting that a formal Senate hearing is not an option. But the Constitution does not give the job of nominating and appointing Supreme Court Justices to the next President—it gives it to the current one. Respecting the Constitution’s authority and the obligations of his job, President Obama nominated a potential replacement for Justice Scalia, Judge Merrick Garland, on March 16. To date, only two Republican senators—Senator Mark Kirk (R–IL) and Susan Collins (R–ME)—have resisted peer pressure and publicly stated that Judge Gar-land should be given a formal hearing. The rest are joining McConnell in his strike. In a 2013 op-ed, New York Times columnist Thomas L. Friedman explored the difference between Silicon Valley’s conception of col-laboration and Washington, DC’s. In the na-tion’s capital, Friedman observed, collabora-tion ‘‘is an act of treason—something you do when you cross over and vote with the other party.’’ In Silicon Valley, companies that are ‘‘trying to kill each other in one market [are] working together in another—to better serve customers.’’ As Friedman went on to explain, Silicon Valley’s version of collaboration doesn’t mean groupthink or lockstep consensus. Vital organizations and industries cultivate diverse and competitive viewpoints, because it’s this very ‘‘clash of ideas’’ that tends to produce innovation and adaptation. But Silicon Valley situates its clash of ideas within a larger framework of coopera-tion and compromise, under the premise that what’s good for the ecosystem as a whole will also benefit individual players, even if they sometimes have competing interests. What’s striking about McConnell’s stance is how vividly it illustrates DC’s preference for reflexive obstruction over the kind of col-laboration and consensus-building that char-acterizes healthy and productive organiza-tions. It’s not as if the Constitution doesn’t give senators like McConnell broad room in which to operate in dissenting fashion. Spe-cifically, Article II, Section 2 of the Con-stitution invests the President with the power to make appointments ‘‘by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.’’ This language clearly gives the Senate a confirming but open-ended role. It doesn’t instruct the Senate to hold hearing within a specific number of days, for example. It doesn’t even explicitly mandate that the Senate must hold formal hearings or meet with a nominee. The Constitution simply directs the Senate to advise the President in his effort to nomi-nate and appoint nominees. But how can the Senate credibly and effectively fulfill this obligation without making any effort to gather information about nominees and de-liberate on their qualifications? In keeping the language so broad in this instance, the Constitution effectively places the Senate in far more than a rubber-stamp-ing role. As Barack Obama himself suggested in 2006, when he was still a senator, the Sen-ate arguably has the authority to examine a nominee’s ‘‘philosophy, ideology, and record,’’ not just his general character. What Article II, Section 2 ultimately does, in other words, is set the stage for clashes of ideas, albeit within a larger framework of collaboration and consensus. Importantly, the Constitution advises the Senate to work ‘‘with’’ the President, not ‘‘against’’ him or in opposition to him. And it presumes that the Senate will in-deed be working. Still, instead of holding hearings in which to assess Judge Garland’s suitability for the Court, McConnell and his colleagues are doing nothing. If their obstructionism goes unchecked, it will continue harming American citizens in very tangible ways. Having only eight Jus-tices on the bench increases the possibility of a deadlock. When cases end in deadlock, nothing gets decided. Resources are expended, and the American public is left hanging until the Court can hear the case again or consider an-other case with similar issues. This has happened twice already—last week when the Court deadlocked on an im-migration reform case, and in March, in a case regarding whether individuals should be required to guarantee their spouses’ loans. Traditionally, laws regarding this practice have differed in various parts of the country, creating confusion for small business owners and their spouses about what their obliga-tions are. Unfortunately, this confusion and lack of clarity will persist indefinitely be-cause of the Court’s deadlock. What would happen if President Obama told Congress not to bother passing any more bills this year, because he had decided he would automatically veto any of them that made it to his desk? How many private sector organizations would tolerate per-sonnel who refuse to perform key job respon-sibilities until the current boss is replaced by someone new? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.045 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4798 July 6, 2016 
According to Gallup, 84 percent of Ameri-cans disapprove of the way Congress is doing its job. Or perhaps more accurately, not doing its job. Indeed, from 1900 through 1980, it took the Senate a median of 17 days after nomination to confirm or reject a Supreme Court nomi-nee. Like today’s senators, those senators took an oath to support the Constitution and ‘‘faithfully discharge the duties of [their] of-fice.’’ Now, however, scorched-earth partisanship has thoroughly compromised Congress’s abil-ity to operate functionally. More than 100 days have passed since President Obama nominated Judge Garland—and there aren’t even any plans to begin hearings yet. No wonder so many Americans believe our government is severely broken. If we truly want to make Congress a col-laborative enterprise that efficiently works in the interests of the American people, the American people must apply pressure di-rectly to senators like McConnell, Burr, and Portman. While some people might insist that these senators are simply fighting partisanship with partisanship, blocking a nominee that a Democrat president is trying to force upon American voters without their say, that’s a false equivalency. President Obama is a democratically elect-ed official, faithfully discharging the duties of his office. In democracies, we aren’t al-ways governed by the people or the parties that we voted for. But when officials are elected, we must respect their authority, as long as they’re exercising that authority within the bounds of whatever regulatory frameworks are in place to guide them. (In this case, it’s the Constitution.) Every American citizen should understand this. And our elected officials shouldn’t just understand this—they should be setting an example that all Americans can follow. In-stead, McConnell and his colleagues are doing the opposite. Ultimately, they’re not telling President Obama that they don’t think his nominee is a good one. They’re saying that they refuse to acknowledge President Obama’s legit-imacy as an elected official. This kind of partisanship is endemic in Washington, DC now. But this latest behav-ior is such an egregious example of Congres-sional dysfunction that Senator McConnell and his colleagues must be held accountable. That’s why I have signed this Change.org petition urging McConnell to give Judge Garland a hearing, and why I strongly en-courage others to join me. Our elected officials must understand that we, the American people, expect them to per-form the duties of their office, even when that means working with other elected offi-cials from different parties. They must understand that we’re fed up with business as usual in Washington, DC. They must understand that we want leaders who look for opportunities to collaborate and work together productively, instead of pursuing obstructionism that serves political parties rather than citizens. So let Mitch McConnell know that it’s time to quit abdicating around. Tell him to do his job and schedule a hearing for Judge Merrick Garland now. 
ISTRUMP ’SATTACK ON JUDGE RACIST ? IFIT Q
UACKS LIKE A DUCK...  (By Steven Dettelbach) Judge Gonzalo Curiel, the latest victim of Donald Trump’s racist attacks, is not al-lowed to defend himself under the judicial rules. So I will defend him. I will defend him as a fellow, former fed-eral prosecutor. I will defend him because I am the husband of an immigrant from Mex-ico and the father of our two children. And I will defend him as an American, because what Donald Trump is doing is decidedly un- American. Curiel is a respected jurist. Before becom-ing a judge, he made a name for almost two decades as a federal prosecutor, inves-tigating and prosecuting Mexican drug car-tels. As a former U.S. attorney and career prosecutor myself, I know firsthand that these cases are some of the most difficult and dangerous in our criminal justice sys-tem. That work earned Curiel death threats from those same Mexican cartels he fought, threats that did not deter him from pro-tecting this nation for a moment. Unlike Trump, Curiel comes from Mid-western working-class roots. He was born just hours to the west of here—a place Trump will visit to become the GOP nomi-nee—in Indiana. His parents came to this country and became citizens. His father worked in the steel mills, just like those who built our community, to help put his son through both Indiana University and law school. He was first appointed to the bench in California by another immigrant, Repub-lican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, and then elevated to the federal bench by President Obama after unanimous U.S. Senate con-firmation. Curiel’s life is a true American success story. None of this matters to Trump, though. All that matters to Trump are that: 1) Trump thinks he is losing in the Trump University lawsuit before Curiel and 2) the judge’s par-ents came to this country from Mexico, which is of course the only reason he can possibly be losing the lawsuit. Apparently, when things don’t go Trump’s way, he plays the race card. In truth, Trump can’t hold a candle to Curiel. Unlike Trump, Curiel has done more than talk about protecting our borders. He spent two decades on the border, fighting dangerous drug cartels. Unlike Trump, Curiel was not born as heir to a real estate empire. He earned all he has achieved through hard work and merit. I am a lawyer. I know that it can be frus-trating when a case does not go your way. But Trump’s response to losing in that case is to play the race card. That temperament is not only unpresidential, it is dangerous. Those supporting Trump need to re-evalu-ate whether lending their own credibility to his racist rants is still tenable. If country really does come before party, how can any-one who calls himself an American leader still support this man who openly berates public servants based on their race? As a U.S. attorney, I saw the way career law enforcement like Gonzalo Curiel worked to protect us. As a parent, I tell my children that all citizens in this nation must be judged based on what they accomplish, not how they look or where their parents were born. That is America. Trump evidently understands neither of these basic points. Trump and his supporters say they value plain talk. Well, here is some: Ignoring a person’s record and judging him based on ethnic heritage is the definition of racism. Trump did just that. What does that make him? Quack. Mr. MENENDEZ. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, the ques-tion is, Will the Senate advise and con-sent to the Martinotti nomination? Mr. THUNE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. GRAHAM ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) is nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 92, nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 118 Ex.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—5 
Blunt Crapo Risch Sasse Sullivan 
NOT VOTING—3 
Brown Graham Lee 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order the Senate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
STOP DANGEROUS SANCTUARY CITIES ACT—MOTION TO PRO-CEED—Continued 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.002 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4799 July 6, 2016 
Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 531, S. 3100, a bill to ensure that State and local law en-forcement may cooperate with Federal offi-cials to protect our communities from vio-lent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Shelley Moore Capito, Mike Crapo, Thad Coch-ran, Jerry Moran, John Thune, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Orrin G. Hatch, Daniel Coats, Pat Roberts, John Bar-rasso, Bill Cassidy, Patrick J. Toomey, John Boozman, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to S. 3100, a bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to pro-tect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) is nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 53, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 119 Leg.] YEAS—53 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—3 
Brown Graham Lee 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 53, the nays are 44. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 276, S. 2193, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to increase penalties for individ-uals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, David Perdue, Pat Roberts, John Thune, Dan Sullivan, Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Steve Daines, Jeff Sessions, John Barrasso, John Boozman, Richard Burr, Mike Lee, Tim Scott, Deb Fisch-er, Joni Ernst. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to S. 2193, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to in-crease penalties for individuals who il-legally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) is nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 55, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 120 Leg.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Brown Graham Lee 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 55, the nays are 42. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, it is my un-derstanding that the next matter we will move to is the GMO cloture vote; is that right? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next vote is the motion to invoke cloture with regard to S. 764; that is correct. Mr. REID. I am going to take some of my leader time now. It is the only time in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection. 
f 
GMO BILL Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Senate is about to hold a cloture vote on GMOs. This legislation—I personally need the conversations that are going to take place if cloture is not invoked on this matter. I will be voting no on cloture for that reason. I think it is wrong, and all I have to do is parrot what my friend the Republican leader said numerous times a year and a half ago and many years before that. He said that it is not fair to get on an im-portant piece of legislation and not have an opportunity to offer amend-ments. That is true, but in addition to that, my friend the Republican leader said that we were going to have a new sheriff in town. He was going to make sure any matter that came before this body had a full hearing in our commit-tees. On GMOs, that is not the case. Certainly there have been none on this bill. In addition to that, we should have an amendment process. My friend the Republican leader said there would be a robust amendment process when he took over. If this is robust, it is a sad day in the world. This is wrong. It is unacceptable to push through this important legisla-tion with no debate, no amendments, and without a hearing in the com-mittee. We owe it as a body for the American people to give this legisla-tion proper consideration. Democrats and Republicans alike should be con-cerned about this. We must not stand for the Republican leader jamming this bill through the Senate, and that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.027 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4800 July 6, 2016 
what is happening. I listened and I need to listen to the debate on this legisla-tion, and other Senators feel the same way. Members need to state their opin-ions and offer amendments. The Republican leader repeatedly promised—I repeat, repeatedly prom-ised—regular order and an open amend-ment process. I can’t get away from the fact that he promised a robust committee process. He trumpeted the importance of committees. Once again he has failed to live up to the promise of what he would do. I assume he is not living up to his own standards. I am going to vote no on cloture, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. I invite my Republican col-leagues to do the same. That is what they asked us to do, and I am asking them to do that. It is simply too im-portant to just push this through. Sen-ator M
CCONNELL should respect his col-leagues, Democrats and Republicans, and the importance of this legislation by allowing regular order to take place. Until that happens, I will oppose cloture on this measure. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment with an amendment to S. 764, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, John Thune, Richard Burr, James M. Inhofe, Pat Roberts, Lamar Alexander, John Barrasso, Thad Cochran, Deb Fischer, Shelley Moore Capito, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, David Perdue, Jerry Moran, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment with an amendment to S. 764 shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. (Disturbance in the Visitors’ Gal-leries.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ser-geant at Arms will restore order in the gallery. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) is nec-essarily absent. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 65, nays 32, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 121 Leg.] YEAS—65 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—32 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Cardin Collins Durbin Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono King Leahy Markey Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Reed Reid Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Sullivan Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Brown Graham Lee 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). On this vote, the yeas are 65, the nays are 32. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM  
AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany S. 764, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the House amendment to the bill, with McConnell (for Roberts) amendment No. 4935, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell amendment No. 4936 (to amend-ment No. 4935), to change the enactment date. McConnell motion to refer the House mes-sage to accompany the bill to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 4937, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell amendment No. 4938 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 4937), to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 4939 (to amend-ment No. 4938), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. 
FORMER SECRETARY CLINTON ’S USE OF AN  
UNSECURED EMAIL SERVER  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, some have taken yesterday’s announcement by FBI Director Comey as vindicating Secretary Clinton for her use of a pri-vate, unsecured email server. But that would be exactly the wrong conclusion to draw. While the FBI did not rec-ommend that the former Secretary of State be indicted, the concerns I have previously raised time and again have only been reaffirmed by the facts un-covered by Director Comey and the FBI’s investigation. It is now clear beyond a reasonable doubt that Secretary Clinton behaved with extreme carelessness in her han-dling of classified information and that she and her staff lied to the American people and, at the same time, put our Nation at risk. First, Director Comey said unequivo-cally that Secretary Clinton and her team were ‘‘extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly clas-sified information.’’ He went so far as to describe specific email chains that were classified at the Top Secret/Spe-cial Access Program level at the time they were sent and received—in other words, at the highest classification level in the intelligence community. Remember, Secretary Clinton said that she never sent emails that con-tained classified information. Well, that proved to be false as well. The FBI Director made clear none of those emails should have been on an unclas-sified server—period—and that Sec-retary Clinton and her staff should have known better. Director Comey noted that Secretary Clinton’s actions were ‘‘particularly concerning’’ because these highly clas-sified emails were housed on a server that didn’t have full-time security staff like those at other departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is pretty clear that Secretary Clin-ton thought she could do anything she wanted, even if it meant sending classi-fied information over her personal, un-secured home server. It should shock every American that America’s top diplomat—someone who had access to our country’s most sensitive informa-tion—acted with such carelessness in an above-the-law sort of manner. Unfortunately, our threshold for being shocked at revelations like this has gotten unacceptably high. I saw a poll reported recently that 81 percent of the respondents in that poll believed Washington is corrupt. Public con-fidence is at an alltime low, and we ask ourselves how that could be. Well, un-fortunately, it is the sort of activity we have seen coming from Secretary Clinton and her misrepresentations and—frankly, there is no way to sugar-coat it—her lies to the American peo-ple—lies that were revealed in plain contrast yesterday by Director Comey’s announcement. Secondly, we know the FBI found that Secretary Clinton behaved at odds with the story she has been telling the American people, as I said a moment ago. To be blunt, yesterday’s an-nouncement proved that she has not been telling the American people the truth for a long, long time now. When news of her private server first broke, Secretary Clinton said: 
I did not e-mail any classified material to anyone on my e-mail. There is no classified material. 
Yesterday, Director Comey made clear that wasn’t true—not by a long 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.033 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4801 July 6, 2016 
shot. In fact, he said more than 100 emails on her server were classified, and, as I mentioned, that includes some of the highest levels of classifica-tion. We are talking not just about some abstraction here. We are talking about people gaining intelligence— some in highly dangerous cir-cumstances—who have been exposed to our Nation’s adversaries because of the recklessness or extreme carelessness of Secretary Clinton and her staff. Another example: Secretary Clinton also maintained that she gave the State Department quick access to all of her work-related emails. Again, ac-cording to Director Comey, that wasn’t true either. He said the FBI discovered several thousand work-related emails that Secretary Clinton didn’t turn in to the State Department 2 years ago. From the beginning, Secretary Clin-ton and her staff have done their dead- level best to play down her misconduct, even if that meant lying to the Amer-ican people. To make matters even worse, Director Comey confirmed that Secretary Clinton’s actions put our na-tional security and those who are on the frontlines protecting our national security in jeopardy. The FBI Director said that hostile actors had access to the email accounts of those people with whom Secretary Clinton regularly communicated with from her personal account. We know she used her personal email—in the words of the FBI Direc-tor—‘‘extensively’’ while outside of the continental United States, including in nations of our adversaries. The FBI’s conclusion is that it is possible that hostile actors gained access to her per-sonal email account, which, as I said a moment ago, included information classified at the highest levels recog-nized by our government. My point is that this is not a trivial matter. Remember that several months ago, Secretary Gates—former Sec-retary of Defense and head of the CIA, serving both in the George W. Bush and the Obama administrations—said he thought the odds were pretty high that the Russians, Chinese, and Iranians had compromised Clinton’s server— again, all the time while she is con-ducting official business as Secretary of State for the U.S. Government. It was also reported last fall that Russian-linked hackers tried to hack into Secretary Clinton’s emails on at least five occasions. It is hard to know, much less estimate, the potential dam-age done to our Nation’s security as a result of this extreme carelessness demonstrated by Secretary Clinton and her staff. In reality, it is impossible for us to know for sure. But what is clear is that Secretary Clinton acted reck-lessly and repeatedly lied to the Amer-ican people, and I should point out that she didn’t do so for any particularly good reason. None of the explanations Secretary Clinton has offered, conven-ience and the like, have held up to even the slightest scrutiny. Her intent was obvious, though. It was to avoid the ac-countability that she feared would come from public recognition of her of-ficial conduct. So she wanted to do it in secret, away from the prying eyes of government watchdogs and the Amer-ican people. The FBI may not have found evi-dence of criminal intent, but there is no doubt about her intent to evade the laws of the United States—not just criminal laws that Director Comey talked about but things like the Free-dom of Information laws, which make sure the American people have access to the information that their govern-ment uses to make decisions on their behalf. These are important pieces of legislation that are designed to give the American people the opportunity to know what they have a right to know so they can hold their elected of-ficials accountable. In the end, this isn’t just a case of some political novice who doesn’t un-derstand the risks involved or someone who doesn’t really understand the pro-tocols required of a high-level govern-ment employee. This is a case of some-one who, as Director Comey pointed out, should have known better. I know Secretary Clinton likes to talk about her long experience in poli-tics as the spouse of a President of the United States when she served as First Lady, as a United States Senator, and then as Secretary of State. But all of this experience, as Director Comey said, should have taught her better than she apparently learned. The bottom line is that Secretary Clinton actively sought out ways to hide her actions as much as possible, and in doing so, she put our country at risk. For a Secretary of State to con-duct official business—including trans-mitting and receiving information that is classified at the highest levels known by our intelligence commu-nity—on a private, unsecured server when sensitive national defense infor-mation would likely pass through is not just a lapse of judgment; it is a conscious decision to put the American people in harm’s way. As Director Comey noted, in similar circumstances, people who engage in what Secretary Clinton did are ‘‘often subject to security or administrative sanctions’’; that is, they are held ac-countable, if not criminally, in some other way. He said that obviously is not within the purview of the FBI. But he said that other people, even if they aren’t indicted, will be subjected to se-curity or administrative sanctions. Secretary Clinton evidently will not be prosecuted criminally, but she should be held accountable. From the beginning, I have had concerns about what Secretary Clinton did and wheth-er this investigation would be free of politics. However one feels about the latter, it is clear that Secretary Clin-ton’s actions were egregious and that there is good reason why the American people simply don’t trust her and why she should be held accountable. In closing, I would just say that we know there was an extensive investiga-tion conducted by the FBI, and we know that Director Comey said that no reasonable prosecutor would seek an indictment and prosecute Secretary Clinton for her actions. That being the case, I would join my colleagues—Sen-ator G
RASSLEY , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and others—who have called for the public release of the FBI’s investigation so we can know the whole story. That would also include the transcript from the 3
1⁄2hour inter-view that Secretary Clinton gave to the FBI, I believe just last Saturday. That way, the American people can have access to all the information. What I suspect it would reveal—be-cause it is a crime to lie to an FBI agent, I suspect Secretary Clinton, per-haps for the first time, in her interview with the FBI told the FBI the truth. If I were her lawyer, I certainly would ad-vise her: No matter what happens, you had better tell the truth in that FBI interview because the coverup is some-thing you can be indicted for as well. So I suspect what happened is that, in that FBI interview, she did tell the FBI the truth. That is where Director Comey got so much of his information, which he then used to dismantle brick by brick the public narrative that Sec-retary Clinton has been spinning to the American people for the last couple of years. If transparency and accountability are important, as Director Comey said yesterday, you would think that Sec-retary Clinton would want to put this behind her by also supporting the pub-lic release of this investigation, as well as the transcript of her interview with the FBI. I will be listening very care-fully to see whether she joins us in making this request. But under the cir-cumstances, where she no longer has any credible fear of indictment or pros-ecution, she owes to the public—and we owe to the public—that the entire evi-dence be presented to them in an open and transparent way. That is why the FBI should release this information, particularly the transcript of this interview she gave to FBI agents for 3
1⁄2hours at the FBI’s headquarters downtown. Then, and only then, will the American people be able to render a well-informed and an adequate judg-ment on her actions taken as a whole because right now there appear to be nothing but good reasons why, in poll after poll after poll, people say they just don’t trust her. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I rise today to address the bill before us, a bill that presents itself as a labeling bill but which is deeply defective, with three major loopholes that mean this labeling bill will not label GMO prod-ucts, and I am going to lay out those challenges. First, I want to be clear that this is about American citizens’ right to know what is in their food. We have all kinds of consumer laws about rights to know, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.036 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4802 July 6, 2016 
but maybe there is nothing as personal as what you put in your mouth or what you feed your family. That is why emo-tions run so deep. Citizens have a right to make up their own mind. We talk a lot about the vision of our country being a ‘‘we the people’’ de-mocracy, and certainly it was Jefferson who said ‘‘the mother principle’’ of our Republic is that we can call ourselves a Republic only to the degree that the decisions reflect the will of the people, and that will happen only if the people have an equal voice. In this case, we have a powerful en-terprise—a company named Mon-santo—that has come to this Chamber with a goal, which is to take away the right of consumers across this Nation and take away the right of citizens across this Nation to know what is in their food. I am specifically referring to the Monsanto DARK Act. Why is it called the DARK Act? It is called the DARK Act because it is an acronym: Deny Americans the Right to Know. But it also very much represents the dif-ference between an enlightenment that comes from information and knowl-edge, and a darkness that comes from suppressing information. James Madison, our country’s fourth President and Father of the Constitu-tion, once wrote: 
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance: And a people who mean to be their own Gov-ernors, must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives. 
That is what this debate is about— whether citizens can arm themselves with the knowledge, arm themselves with the power that knowledge gives. And this act before us, the Monsanto DARK Act, says: No, we are not going to allow citizens to acquire in a simple way the information about whether the product they are considering buying has genetically modified ingredients. There is something particularly dis-heartening about that, and that is that this is one of the few issues in the country about which you can ask Re-publicans, you can ask Democrats, you can ask Independents, and they all have the same answer. Basically, nine out of ten Americans, regardless of party, want a simple indication on the package: Does this container include GMO ingredients? That is all—a sim-ple, consumer-friendly right to know, and this bill is all about taking that away. Let me turn to the three big loop-holes in this bill. Monsanto loophole No. 1: A definition that exempts the three major GMO products in America. Isn’t it ironic to have a bill where the definition of GMO has been crafted in a fashion never seen anywhere else on this planet, is not in use by any of the 64 countries around the world that have a labeling law, and it just happens to be crafted to exclude the three major Monsanto GMO prod-ucts? What are those products? The first is GMO corn when it be-comes high-fructose corn syrup. Well, it is GMO corn, but under the defini-tion of high-fructose corn syrup from GMO corn, it is suddenly not GMO. Let’s talk about soybeans. When Monsanto GMO soybeans become soy-bean oil, they magically are no longer GMO under the definition in this bill. Let’s talk about sugar beets. Mon-santo GMO sugar beets—when the sugar is produced and goes into prod-ucts, it is suddenly, magically not GMO sugar. Isn’t it a coincidence that this defini-tion is not found anywhere else in the world? This bill happens to exclude the three biggest products produced by Monsanto. Well, it is no coincidence. They are determined to make sure they are not covered. High-fructose corn syrup, sugar from GMO sugar beets, oil from GMO soybeans—none of those are covered. This has been an issue of some debate because folks have said: Well, the plain language in the bill might be overruled and modified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture when they do rules. Of course, a rule that contravenes the plain language of the bill would in fact not stand. It wouldn’t be authorized. So what does the plain language of the bill say? It says: ‘‘The term ‘bio-engineering,’ and any similar term, as determined by the Secretary, with re-spect to a food, refers to a food . . . that contains genetic material that has been modified.’’ That was the magic language not found anywhere in the world—‘‘con-tains genetic material that has been modified’’—because when you make high-fructose corn syrup, when you make sugar from sugar beets, when you make soy oil from soybeans, that infor-mation is stripped out. That is what magically transformed a GMO ingre-dient to a non-GMO ingredient. They have a second loophole, and that loophole says ‘‘for which the modification could not otherwise be obtained through conventional breed-ing.’’ Well, the ‘‘could’’ factor here cer-tainly raises all kinds of questions. In theory, is it possible to obtain through natural selection what we obtain through genetic engineering? Well, then suddenly it is not genetic engi-neering. We haven’t been able to find out exactly which crop they are trying to protect, wave that magic wand, and convert a GMO crop into a non-GMO crop, but certainly it is there for a spe-cific purpose. What does this mean? This means that if you look around the world and you examine the labeling laws from the European Union or Brazil or China, corn oil, soybean oil, sugar from sugar beets—all of those, if they come from a GMO form, GMO soybean, or GMO sugar beets, they are all covered. They are all covered everywhere in the world except, magically, in this bill. We have consulted many experts. The language of the bill is very clear, but many experts have weighed in and they say things like this: 
This definition leaves out a large number of foods derived from GMOs such as corn and soy oil, sugar beet sugar. That is because, al-though these products are derived from or are GMOs, the level of DNA in the products is very low and is generally not sufficient to be detected in DNA-based assays. That is the basic bottom line. That is loophole No. 1. Let’s turn to Monsanto loophole No. 2. What this loophole is, is this law doesn’t actually require a label that says there are GMO ingredients. It pro-vides a couple of options, voluntary. Those options already exist in law so that is not giving anything we don’t currently have. Under this law, a man-ufacturer is allowed to put in a phrase and say this product is partially de-rived from GMO ingredients or par-tially made from GMO ingredients. They can do that right now. It also says the USDA will develop a symbol, and that symbol can be put on a pack-age to indicate it has GMO ingredients. Somebody can voluntarily put on a symbol right now. If you don’t volun-tarily do those things that actually disclose it has GMO ingredients, this is the default. We see here this barcode. It is also referred to as a quick response code. It says: Scan this for more information. Scan me. Of course, package after package across America already has barcodes. Package after package al-ready has quick response codes, as these are referred to, these square com-puter codes—scan me for more infor-mation. It doesn’t say there are GMO ingredients in this package. It doesn’t say: Scan here for more information on the GMO ingredients in this food. No, just scan me. Certainly, this defies the ability of anyone to look at that and say whether there are GMO ingredients. All it does is take you to a Web site. How do you get to that Web site? You have to have a smartphone. You have to have a dig-ital plan you pay for. You have to have wireless coverage at the point that you are there. You have to scan it and go to a Web site to find out—the Web site, by the way, will be written by the com-pany that makes the food so it is not going to be easy to find that informa-tion. The bill says it will be in the first page of the Web site. There could be a lot of information on that Web page and always in a different format. This is not a label. This is an obstacle course. It is an obstacle course that causes you to spend your own money and your digital time. If I want to compare five different products and see if they have a GMO ingredient and I have five versions of canned carrots, I can pick up that can, and if there is a symbol or a phrase that says ‘‘partially produced with ge-netically modified ingredients,’’ I can pick that up, turn it over, and in 1 sec-ond I get the answer. In 1 second, I can get the answer about the number of calories. In 1 second, I can get the an-swer of whether it contains peanuts. In 1 second, I can get the answer on how much sugar it has. I can compare these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.038 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4803 July 6, 2016 
five products in 5 seconds, which one— oh, here is the one I want. I want one that does have GMO. I want one that doesn’t have GMO. That is a GMO label. This is an obstacle course. This pro-vides no details unless you go through a convoluted system that takes up a lot of time. If I want to compare those five products, I would have to stand in the aisle of the grocery store for 30 minutes trying to go to different Web sites, hoping there was wireless cov-erage. Quite frankly, that whole proc-ess, no one would do that. That is ex-actly why Monsanto wants this code because no one will use it. They don’t know they should use it for GMO ingre-dients because it doesn’t say it, and they know it will take so much time that no busy person or not-so-busy per-son would see that as a significant way to obtain the data desired. Let’s say I am going shopping for 20 items. If each of those items required comparing five products, if it was a 1- second label, it would take up to 50 sec-onds of my time shopping for 20 prod-ucts—or 100 seconds of my time, excuse me. In this case, if it took half an hour per product, it would be 10 hours stand-ing in the grocery store, on just 20 items, trying to figure out which vari-ety does not contain GMOs. That ob-stacle course, combined with the defi-nition that excludes Monsanto prod-ucts, comprises Monsanto loophole No. 1 and Monsanto loophole No. 2. There is a third loophole in this bill. Wouldn’t it be wonderful, Monsanto says, to have a bill with no enforce-ment in it. When we look at other la-beling laws, there is always enforce-ment. You violate this, there is a $1,000 fine. You violate it again, there is a $1,000 fine or something of that nature. This is the type of provision we had in our COOL Act. What was COOL? C-O-O- L—Country of Origin Labeling, the COOL Act. That was something that required labeling to say that meat— specifically, pork and beef—whether it had been grown and processed in the United States of America. If I, as a pa-triotic American, wanted to support American farmers, American ranchers, I could do so because the meat had a label. What was the consequence of failing to provide that label? There was a fine. This bill does not have a USDA fine. This bill does not have any enforce-ment. It is very clear. They cannot re-call any product. They cannot ban a product going to market. The only con-sequence in this bill is the Secretary could have the possibility of doing an audit of a company that had been the subject of complaints and could dis-close the results of an audit. In a press release, he could say: We have done an audit of this company and they are not following the law. That is the con-sequence—a public announcement. Well, hardly anything this compel-ling—it just invites people to ignore this law. At every level, Monsanto has under-mined this being a legitimate labeling law—a definition that excludes the big Monsanto products, an obstacle course instead of a label, and no enforcement. This bill says we oppose the bill be-cause it is actually a nonlabeling bill under the guise of a mandatory label-ing bill. That sums it up. It pretends to be a labeling bill, but it is not. This is a letter signed by 76 pro-organic orga-nizations and farmer groups. I had to do this very quickly. There has been no hearing on this bill. For this unique, never-in-the-world defini-tion that exempts the Monsanto prod-ucts, there has never been a hearing. What kind of deliberative body is the U.S. Senate when it is afraid to hold a hearing because people might point out that a very powerful special interest, Monsanto, had written a definition that excludes their own products? Apparently, Senators are quaking in their boots for fear the public might find out they just voted on a bill with a definition that excludes Monsanto products so they didn’t want to risk a hearing that would make that clear. I am so appreciative of these groups. While you can’t make out this print, it gives you a sense of what type of groups we are talking about from across the country—the Center for Food Safety, Food & Water Watch, Bio-safety, the Cedar Circle Farm, Central Park West, Food Democracy, Farm Aid, Family Farm Defenders, Good Earth Natural Foods, on and on—be-cause these groups believe citizens have a right to know what is in their food. Some folks have said: Well, they don’t deserve to have that right be-cause this food is not going to do them any harm. Boy, isn’t that Big Brother talking once again. The powerful Fed-eral Government is going to make up your mind for you and not going to allow you to have that power that comes from knowledge. As I noted earlier, James Madison wrote: ‘‘Knowledge will forever govern ignorance: And a people who mean to be their own Governors, must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.’’ Big Brother says we don’t want the people to have the power of knowledge; we don’t let them make their own deci-sion. Why is it so many people feel so powerfully about this issue? First, var-ious groups have determined a major genetic modification that makes crops glyphosate-resistant, weed killer-re-sistant is a health issue. Why is it a health issue? Because glyphosate is a probable human carcinogen. That is something citizens have a right to be concerned about, the possi-bility of cancer. In areas where glyphosate is sprayed on crops, it has shown up even in samples of rainfall, and it has shown up in the urine of peo-ple who live in that area. Do people have the right to be concerned about the fact that a weed killer is being sprayed, and it is ending up in their urine? Yes, I think they do. They have the right to be concerned about that. Do they have a right to be concerned about the impact when this massive amount of weed killer flows off the farms and into our streams and rivers because that weed killer proceeds to kill organisms in the rivers, in the streams, altering the biology of the stream? Yes, they have a right to be worried about that. Do they have a right to be concerned when the huge application of glyphosate is producing superweeds; that is, weeds growing near the fields that are exposed so often that mutations that make them naturally resistant proceed to produce weeds that are resistant to glyphosate, mean-ing you have to put even more weed killer on the crops. Do they have a right to be concerned when there is a genetic modification called Bt corn that actually causes pes-ticide to grow inside the cells of the corn plant? What is the impact of that on human health? We don’t yet know. Yet that particular genetic modifica-tion that causes pesticide to be grow-ing inside the cells of the plant is cov-ering more than 90 percent of the corn grown in America. That is a legitimate concern. Do the citizens have a right to be concerned when they discover the in-sects a pesticide is designed to kill are evolving and becoming superpests and are becoming immune to that pes-ticide; meaning, not only is there pes-ticide growing in the cell of the plant, but now the farmer has applied pes-ticide to the field as well, which was the whole goal of ignoring that in the first place—that you wouldn’t have to do that. They have a right to be concerned. They have a right to educate them-selves. They have a right to make their own decision. This is a Big Brother bill if there ever was one, saying, for those who supported cloture on this bill: This bill says citizens do not have the right to know. We are going to have a label that actually doesn’t label. We are going to have a label that is an obsta-cle course. We are going to have a defi-nition that excludes a commonly un-derstood definition of what GMO crops are, and we are going to have no en-forcement. This is not good work. This is not a deliberative Senate. Let’s send this bill to committee and have a complete hearing on the deficiencies I am talk-ing about. Let’s invite Monsanto to come and testify. Let’s invite the many scientists who weighed in about the fact that this exempts the primary GMO products in America. Let them come and speak. Let all of us get edu-cated, not have this rammed through the Senate at the very last moment. There are individuals here who said: Wait. Time is urgent because we can’t have 50 different State labeling stand-ards. We only have one State that has a labeling standard, and that is Vermont. There is no real concern that we have two conflicting standards be-cause we only have one standard. Could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.040 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4804 July 6, 2016 
there be more than one standard down the road? Yes, that is a possibility, but that is down the road. That doesn’t re-quire us to act today. There are folks who say: Well, the Vermont law goes into effect July 1 so we have to act now to prevent the Vermont law from going into effect. The Vermont law has a 6-month grace period. It doesn’t go into effect until January 1 of 2017. We have lots of time to hold hearings. We have lots of time to embrace knowledge rather than to convey and enforce ignorance, lots of time. So these arguments that are made about the urgency are phony ar-guments. They are made to take and enable a powerful special interest to push through a bill that 90 percent of Americans disagree with, to do it es-sentially in the dark of the night by not having hearings, not on the House side, not on the Senate side, not having a full debate on this floor. No, instead we are using an instrument that is a modification of a House bill that is a modification of a Senate bill because procedurally it makes it easier to ram this bill through without due consider-ation. That is wrong. What I am asking for is a simple op-portunity to have a series of reasonable amendments voted on, on the floor of this Senate. Let’s actually embrace the Senate as a deliberative body. There is an amendment that would fix the defi-nition. That is the amendment by Sen-ator T
ESTER from Montana. That amendment would simply say: The de-rivatives of GMO crops are GMO ingre-dients. Soybean oil from GMO soybean is a GMO ingredient. Many proponents of the bill said they think that is what is going to happen with the regulation down the road. If you believe that is what will happen, then join us. Let’s correct the defini-tion right now. Why have law cases? Why go into our July break having passed something with a definition that we don’t have a consensus on what it means? I know what the plain language says. I know what it exempts as GMO crops, but some say: Well, maybe not, maybe there is something that the USDA can do to change that, and they will be cov-ered. The USDA was asked that ques-tion, and they wouldn’t answer it di-rectly. They sent back this very con-voluted legal language that said: Foods that might or might not have GMO or non-GMO ingredients might possibly be covered, of course, based on what other ingredients are in the food. Would the soybean oil from a GMO soybean be considered a GMO ingre-dient? That is the question. The USDA needs to answer that yes or no instead of this long, convoluted, lengthy dodg-ing that occurred because they were afraid to answer the question. That is knowledge we could use on the floor of the Senate. Would high-fructose corn syrup from GMO corn be considered a GMO ingredient? The USDA wouldn’t answer those questions directly, but lots of other folks did. The FDA, or the Food and Drug Administration, an-swered the question in technical guid-ance. They said: Absolutely they wouldn’t be covered. All kinds of other experts weighed in and said: Absolutely they wouldn’t be covered. Maybe that is the type of information that we should have from a hearing on this bill. How about voting on a simple amend-ment that clears up this confusion and clearly uses a definition, not one writ-ten by and for exempting three major GMO Monsanto crops. We need a straightforward definition that is used elsewhere and covers all of the prod-ucts that are ordinarily considered a GMO. That is not too much to ask. Let’s have a debate on that amend-ment. We should vote on whether we are going to have a clear definition in this bill. Let’s vote on changing the QR code. The QR code has a phrase in it that says: ‘‘Scan here for more food infor-mation.’’ What if this simply said: Scan here for information on GMO in-gredients? Now we have a GMO label. Now it would be truthful and authentic to say that this bill is going to require a GMO label simply by saying: ‘‘Scan here for GMO ingredients in this prod-uct.’’ Let’s have an amendment that changes that language. I have such an amendment, and I would like to see us have a vote on it. To the proponents who are saying this is a GMO labeling bill, this would actually make it a GMO labeling bill. I know the two Senators from Vermont each have an amendment they would like to have considered, one of which would take the Vermont standard and make it the national standard, thereby making one single national standard, and another would grandfather Vermont in and say: Let’s not roll over the top of Vermont. Maybe there are a couple of other Sen-ators who have things that will im-prove this legislation. How about an amendment that would actually put in the same authority to levy fines that we have on the country-of-origin label-ing law. I have that amendment. What about a vote on that amendment? These should be things that we can come together on. If you truly want to have a national labeling standard, you want a defini-tion that has integrity and is con-sistent with what is commonly under-stood to be a GMO. You want to have a label that indicates there are GMO in-gredients inside because that is au-thenticity. You want to have the abil-ity to have the U.S. Department of Ag-riculture levy a fine if people disobey the law so that it actually has some teeth in it and some compelling force. That is what I am asking for. Let’s have a vote on several basic amend-ments rather than blindly embracing ignorance and denying Americans the right to know. I thank the Presiding Officer. Mr. President, parliamentary in-quiry: Do I need to make any specific request to reserve the remainder of my 1 hour? The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). No, the hour remains. Mr. MERKLEY. I thank the Pre-siding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
MILCON -VA AND ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING BILL  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I rise today to emphasize the importance of the MILCON-VA and Zika conference bill. As a member of the conference committee that crafted this report and a member of the subcommittee that drafted the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill, I cannot overstate the significance of this legislation. Sadly, we have watched the Senate Democrats play politics with critical funding for our military, our veterans, and funding to combat Zika. In my view, this stunt—and I call it a stunt because that is what it is—is both dan-gerous and disheartening. It is an in-sult to the men and women who sac-rifice so much to keep us safe. It is a reckless game to play with our vet-erans and public health across this country. The conference report includes record-level funding for America’s vet-erans. It fully funds the VA’s request for veterans’ medical services and pro-vides an overall increase of nearly 9 percent for our veterans programs. It includes measures for the Department of Veterans Affairs to improve access and efficiency for military services. We certainly know we have a long way to go before we get satisfaction there. We have a long way to go to reduce the backlogs in claims processing, strengthen our whistleblower protec-tions, and improve information tech-nology in medical research. The drug epidemic plaguing our Na-tion has unfortunately hit our veterans community particularly hard, espe-cially in my home State of West Vir-ginia. The overdose rate in my State is more than twice the national average. With almost 40 percent of our State’s veterans using the VA health care sys-tem, it is vital that we strengthen the VA’s ability to help treat opioid addic-tion. Whether our veterans are recovering from injuries obtained during their service or tending to their daily health needs, this bill provides funding to give veterans a new lease on life. This in-cludes supporting the VA’s Opioid Safe-ty Initiative—something I have been very involved with—which improves pain care for those who have a higher risk of opioid-related overdoses. It also encourages the VA to continually ex-pand treatment services and better monitor our at-risk veterans. Another thing we can do for our vet-erans is ensure they have ample em-ployment opportunities as they transi-tion into civilian life—another problem we have identified. In West Virginia, where the majority of our veterans live in rural areas—and as many of you know, almost the whole State is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.041 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4805 July 6, 2016 
rural—the unemployment rate is al-most 2 percent higher than the overall national average. I recently witnessed something that was great to see: an innovative agritherapy program that helps our veterans cope with PTSD. It has also helped to arm our veterans with skills they can use to start a business. I met several veterans who were suffering from PTSD who have embarked on an agritherapy program using bees and beekeeping. At Geezer Ridge Farm in Hedgesville—yes, it is Geezer Ridge—I saw veterans use beekeeping to over-come PTSD. To date, the program has helped create 150 new veteran-owned farms. The benefits of agritherapy have been acknowledged by publications such as Psychology Today and Newsweek. However, we need research to further explore the benefits of this type of treatment. That is why I offered a pro-vision in this bill calling for a pilot program at the VA to better under-stand agritherapy, and I am excited about what we learned. While I was out there, I met a vet-eran who was suffering from PTSD and who was seeing a therapist once a week because he was having such difficulty coping at the VA, and he got interested in beekeeping. He began to grow a busi-ness, to learn about bees, pollen and honey, the queen bee, and all those kinds of things. He said that now he only sees a therapist every other month. He has such relief, and it gives him such a positive outlook for his fu-ture, just by having this type of ther-apy available to him. This bill also prioritizes a full range of programs to ensure that we honor our commitment to our men and women in uniform and that we deliver the services our veterans have duti-fully earned. Let’s talk for a moment about a growing public health threat facing us, and that is the Zika virus. We have all heard about it, and we have seen pic-tures of children who were born from mothers who were infected by Zika. It is very disheartening, sad, and difficult to see and to think about those young families starting out. This conference report includes $1.1 billion to tackle Zika. With every con-versation I have and every statistic and article I have read, I grow more concerned. I think everybody does. I spoke to a group of young students just the other day. Young students are tun-ing in to this difficult problem. After hearing testimony before the Appropriations Committee and meet-ing with the CDC Director, I under-stand the immediate need to provide funds for research, prevention, and treatment. We are all vulnerable to what the CDC Director told me is an unprecedented threat. We must act to protect ourselves and prevent the spread of this deadly virus. We must do it smartly, efficiently, and without wasting our taxpayers’ dollars. This conference report that is stalled, that is stuck in this stunt, does just that. It takes the necessary and re-sponsible actions to protect Americans from an outbreak. The $1.1 billion allocated in this con-ference report is the same amount the Democrats supported just last month when an amendment addressing Zika funding passed out of the Senate. It doesn’t make sense. Their reasoning for opposing this funding lacks merit. The conference report does not prohibit access to any health service. In fact, it provides the same access to health services that was in the President’s re-quest. The conference report even ex-pands access to services by boosting funding for our community health cen-ters, public health departments, and hospitals in areas most directly af-fected by Zika. The safety and health of Americans should be our No. 1 pri-ority. Sadly, the other side has chosen to prioritize politics over the American people. We will have another opportunity to vote on this conference report, and I am hopeful that my Democratic col-leagues will do the right thing. Rather than blocking critical funding for vet-erans and the Zika response, we need to join together to send this conference report to the President’s desk as soon as possible. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
FIGHTING TERRORISM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, last week terrorists wearing suicide vests entered the Istanbul airport and opened fire on travelers before detonating their vests. Forty-five people were killed and more than 200 were injured. While no group has yet claimed responsibility, Turkish officials believe that ISIS was behind the attack. The list of ISIS-related terrorist at-tacks in the United States and against our allies is steadily growing: Paris, San Bernardino, Brussels, Orlando, and Istanbul. Then, of course, there is the constant barrage of attacks in the Mid-dle East, such as last week’s deadly at-tack in Baghdad that resulted in the death of 250 people. So far the attacks in the United States have been inspired by—rather than carried out by—ISIS, but that could change at any moment. In the wake of the Istanbul attacks, CIA Di-rector John Brennan stated he would be ‘‘surprised’’ if ISIS isn’t planning a similar attack in the United States. Given the terrorist violence in recent months, it is no surprise that a recent FOX News poll found that an over-whelming majority of Americans, 84 percent, think that ‘‘most Americans today are feeling more nervous than confident about stopping terrorist at-tacks.’’ Unfortunately, they have reason to be nervous because under President Obama we are not doing what we need to be doing to stop ISIS. For proof of that, we have President Obama’s own CIA chief, who has made it clear that the measures the administration has taken to stop ISIS have failed to re-duce the group’s ability to carry out attacks. Testifying before Congress 3 weeks ago, Director Brennan stated: ‘‘Unfor-tunately, despite all our progress against ISIL on the battlefield and in the financial realm, our efforts have not reduced the group’s terrorism capa-bility and global reach.’’ Let me repeat that: ‘‘ . . . our efforts have not reduced the group’s terrorism capability and global reach,’’ said CIA Director Brennan. That is a pretty serious indictment of the Obama administration’s ISIS strategy or the lack thereof. If our ef-forts have not reduced ISIS’s terrorism capability and global reach, then our efforts are failing and we need a new plan, but that is something that Presi-dent Obama seems unlikely to produce. Despite a halfhearted campaign against ISIS, the President has never laid out a comprehensive strategy to defeat the terrorist group. As a result, ISIS’s terrorism capability and global reach are thriving. Keeping Americans safe from ISIS re-quires a comprehensive approach. It re-quires not just containing but deci-sively defeating ISIS abroad. It re-quires controlling our borders and strengthening our immigration system. It requires us to give law enforcement and intelligence agencies the tools and funding they need to monitor threats abroad and here at home. It requires us to secure the homeland by addressing security weaknesses that would give terrorists an opening to attack. Unfor-tunately, President Obama has failed to adequately address these priorities, and at this late date, the President is unlikely to change his approach. The Republican-led Senate cannot force the President to take the threat posed by ISIS seriously, but we are committed to doing everything we can to increase our Nation’s security. A key part of defeating ISIS abroad is making sure the men and women of our military have the equipment, the training, and the resources they need to win battles. This month, the Senate will take up the annual appropriations bill to fund our troops. This year’s bill focuses on eliminating wasteful spending and re-directing those funds to modernize our military and increase troop pay. It re-jects President Obama’s plan to close Guantanamo Bay and bring suspected terrorists to our shores, and it funds our efforts to defeat ISIS abroad. The bill received unanimous bipar-tisan support in the Appropriations Committee. I am hoping the outcome will be the same on the Senate floor. Last year, the Democrats chose to play politics with this appropriations bill and voted to block essential fund-ing for our troops no fewer than three times, even though they had no real objections to the actual substance of the bill. Playing politics with funding for our troops is never acceptable, but it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.046 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4806 July 6, 2016 
particularly unacceptable at a time when our Nation is facing so many threats to our security. I hope this time around Senate Democrats will work with us to quickly pass this legis-lation. In addition to funding our military, another key aspect to protecting our Nation from terrorist threats is con-trolling our borders. We have to know who is coming into our country so that we can keep out terrorists and anyone else who wants to harm us. If criminals and suspected terrorists do make it across our borders, we need to appre-hend them immediately. One thing we can do right now to im-prove our ability to keep criminals and suspected terrorists off our streets is to eliminate so-called sanctuary cities. Right now, more than 300 cities across the United States have policies in place that discourage local law en-forcement from cooperating with im-migration officials. That means that when a Homeland Security official asks local authorities to detain a dan-gerous felon or suspected terrorist until Federal authorities can come col-lect the individual, these jurisdictions may refuse to help. Sanctuary city policies have resulted in the release of thousands of criminals who could oth-erwise have been picked up by the De-partment of Homeland Security and de-ported. Senator T
OOMEY has offered a bill to discourage these policies by with-holding certain Federal funds from ju-risdictions that refuse to help Federal officials keep dangerous individuals off the streets. I have to say that I am deeply disappointed that this afternoon the Senate Democrats chose to block this important legislation. By opposing this bill, Democrats are complicit in making it easier for felons and sus-pected terrorists to threaten our com-munities. Giving our intelligence and law en-forcement agencies the tools they need to track terrorists is one of the most important ways we can prevent future attacks. In June, the Senate took up an amendment to give the FBI authority to obtain records of suspected terror-ists’ electronic transactions, such as what Web sites they visited and how long they spent on those sites. The FBI has stated that obtaining this author-ity is one of its top legislative prior-ities. The agency already has authority to obtain similar telephone and financial records, but what the FBI Director de-scribed as ‘‘essentially a typo in the law’’ has so far prevented the FBI from easily obtaining the same records for Web sites. Fixing this intelligence gap would significantly improve the FBI’s ability to track suspected terrorists and to prevent attacks. Unfortunately, again, the majority of Senate Demo-crats inexplicably voted against this amendment, which I hope will be re-considered in the Senate in the near fu-ture. On top of that, Democrats are threat-ening to block this year’s Commerce- Justice-Science appropriations bill, which provides funding that the FBI and other key law enforcement agen-cies need to operate. When the President’s CIA Director testified before Congress in June, he told Members: ‘‘I have never seen a time when our country faced such a wide variety of threats to our national security.’’ Given these threats, and especially given the recent ISIS-inspired attack on our own soil, it is both puzzling and deeply troubling that Democrats would block the FBI’s No. 1 priority and then play politics with the funding that will help the agency track suspected terror-ists in our country. As I mentioned above, the final es-sential element to protecting Ameri-cans from terrorist attacks is address-ing our vulnerabilities here at home. The recent terrorist attacks in Istanbul and Brussels highlighted vul-nerabilities at airports we need to ad-dress to prevent similar attacks in the United States. This afternoon, the House and Senate announced they had reached agreement on a final version of aviation legisla-tion. In addition to aviation safety measures and new consumer protec-tions—such as guaranteed refunds of baggage fees for lost or seriously de-layed luggage—this legislation pro-vides one of the largest, most com-prehensive airport security packages in years. This legislation improves vetting of airport employees to address the in-sider terrorist threat, the risk that an airport employee would give a terrorist access to secure areas of an airport. It includes provisions to get more Ameri-cans enrolled in Precheck to reduce the size of crowds waiting in unsecured areas of our airports, and it contains measures to add more K–9 and other se-curity personnel at airports so we are better able to deter attacks. In addi-tion, the bill requires the TSA to look at ways to improve security check-points to make the passenger screening process more efficient and effective. I look forward to sending this legisla-tion to the President by July 15. As the President’s own CIA Director made clear, President Obama’s halfhearted approach to countering ISIS has failed to reduce the threat this terrorist or-ganization poses. While I would like to think the Presi-dent will develop a greater seriousness about ISIS in the last 6 months of his Presidency, I am not holding out a lot of hope. But whatever the President does or fails to do, Republicans in the Senate will continue to do everything we can to protect our country and to keep Americans safe from terrorist at-tacks. I hope that Democrats in Congress will join us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. ALZHEIMER ’S CAREGIVER SUPPORT ACT  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today I rise with my colleague from Maine, Senator S
USAN COLLINS , to bring attention to the millions of Americans living with Alzheimer’s dis-ease and related dementias and the lov-ing caregivers who take care of them. One in three seniors who die each year has Alzheimer’s or related demen-tia. The cost is incredible. In 2016, we will spend $236 billion caring for indi-viduals with Alzheimer’s. By 2050, these costs will reach $1.1 trillion. The one thing we know is we are see-ing more and more people with Alz-heimer’s. We are working diligently— all of our doctors and medical profes-sionals—for a cure, but we know that, in the meantime, we will have many family members involved in taking care of them. Senator C
OLLINS and I have intro-duced the Alzheimer’s Caregiver Sup-port Act, which authorizes grants to public and nonprofit organizations to expand training and support services for families and caregivers of patients with Alzheimer’s disease or related de-mentias. We think that these sisters and brothers, sons and daughters, and husbands and wives who are doing this caregiving all want to have the best quality of life possible for their loved one who has this devastating disease— and they want to be trained. If they don’t have that ability to learn what tools they can use when someone around them just starts forgetting what they said 10 minutes before, they need to learn how to take care of them, and many of them want to do that. Our bill simply gives them the tools to do that. I thank Senator C
OLLINS for her long-time leadership. I thank Senator C
ARPER , who moved the schedule around a bit so we could talk about this important bill. I know Senator C
OLLINS wishes to speak about this as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, before I speak, I also extend my appreciation to the Senator from Delaware. I rise today with my friend and col-league from Minnesota, Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR , to briefly talk about the bill that we have introduced, the Alz-heimer’s Caregiver Support Act, which would provide training and support services for the families and caregivers of people living with Alzheimer’s and other dementias. As many caregivers can attest, Alz-heimer’s is a devastating disease that exacts a tremendous personal and eco-nomic toll on individuals, families, and our health care system. For example, it is our Nation’s most costly disease. It is one that affects more than 5.4 mil-lion Americans, including 37,000 Mainers living with Alzheimer’s today. That number is soaring as our older population grows older and lives longer. Last year and this year, we have done a good job in increasing the investment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.047 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4807 July 6, 2016 
in biomedical research that someday will lead to effective treatments, a means of prevention, or even a cure for Alzheimer’s. But often forgotten when we discuss this disease are the care-givers. There are many families across this Nation who know all too well the compassion, commitment, and endur-ance it takes to be a caregiver of a loved one with Alzheimer’s disease. When I was in Maine recently, I saw an 89-year-old woman taking care of her 90-year-old husband with Alz-heimer’s. I met a woman in her fifties who, with her sisters, was juggling care of their mother along with demanding work schedules. I discussed with an el-derly husband his own health problems as he tries to cope with taking care of his wife’s dementia. Most important, these caregivers allow many with Alz-heimer’s to remain in the safety and the comfort of their own homes. Last year, caregivers of people living with Alzheimer’s shouldered $10.2 bil-lion in health care costs related to the physical and emotional effects of caregiving. And that is why the bill Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I have intro-duced is so important. It would help us do more to care for our caregivers. It would award grants to public and non-profit organizations like Area Agencies on Aging and senior centers to expand training and support services for care-givers of people living with Alz-heimer’s. Mr. President, it has been estimated that nearly one out of two of the baby boomer generation—our generation— reaching 85 will develop Alzheimer’s if we are not successful with biomedical research. As a result, chances are that members of our generation will either be spending their golden years with Alzheimer’s or caring for someone who has it. It is therefore imperative that we give our family caregivers the sup-port they need to provide high-quality care. Our legislation has been endorsed by the Alzheimer’s Association, the Alz-heimer’s Foundation of America, and UsAgainstAlzheimer’s. I urge all our colleagues to support it. Mr. President, to reiterate I rise today to speak in support of the Alz-heimer’s Caregiver Support Act that I have been pleased to join my friend and colleague from Minnesota, Senator K
LOBUCHAR , in introducing. Our bill would provide training and support services for the families and caregivers of people living with Alzheimer’s dis-ease or related dementias. As many caregivers can attest, Alzheimer’s is a devastating disease that exacts a tre-mendous personal and economic toll on individuals, families, and our health care system. It is our Nation’s most costly dis-ease. Approximately 5.4 million Ameri-cans are living with Alzheimer’s dis-ease today, including 37,000 in Maine, and that number is soaring as our over-all population grows older and lives longer. If current trends continue, Alz-heimer’s disease could affect as many as 16 million Americans by 2050. There are many families across our Nation who know all too well the com-passion, commitment, and endurance that it takes to be a caregiver of a loved one with Alzheimer’s disease. Our caregivers devote enormous time and attention, and they frequently must make many personal and financial sac-rifices to ensure that their loved ones have the care they need day in and day out. When I was in Maine recently, I saw an 89-year old woman taking care of her 90-year old husband with Alz-heimer’s; a woman in her, fifties who with her sisters was juggling care of their mother with their work sched-ules; and an elderly husband trying to cope with his own health problems as well as his wife’s dementia. Most im-portant, however, these caregivers en-able many with Alzheimer’s to remain in the safety and comfort of their own homes. According to the Alzheimer’s Asso-ciation, nearly 16 million unpaid care-givers provided 18 billion hours of care valued at more than $221 billion in 2015. These caregivers provide tremendous value, but they also face many chal-lenges. Many are employed and strug-gle to balance their work and caregiving responsibilities. They may also be putting their own health at risk, since caregivers experience high levels of stress and have a greater inci-dence of chronic conditions like heart disease, cancer, and depression. Last year, caregivers of people living with Alzheimer’s or related dementias shouldered $10.2 billion in health care costs related to the physical and emo-tional effects of caregiving. The bipartisan legislation we intro-duced on the last day of June—which was Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness month—would help us do more to care for our caregivers. It would award grants to public and nonprofit organi-zations, like Area Agencies on Aging and senior centers, to expand training and support services for the families and caregivers of people living with Alzheimer’s disease. The bill would require these organi-zations to provide public outreach on the services they offer, and ensure that services are provided in a culturally appropriate manner. It would also re-quire the Secretary of Health and Human Services to coordinate with the Office of Women’s Health and Office of Minority Health to ensure that women, minorities, and medically underserved communities benefit from the program. It has been estimated that nearly one in two of the baby boomers reaching 85 will develop Alzheimer’s. As a result, chances are that members of the baby boom generation will either be spend-ing their golden years with Alzheimer’s or caring for someone who has it. It is imperative that we give our family caregivers the support they need to provide high quality care to their loved ones. Our legislation has been endorsed by the Alzheimer’s Association, Alz-heimer’s Foundation of America, and UsAgainstAlzheimer’s, and I urge all of our colleagues to support it. I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, before they leave the floor, I want to say a special thanks to Senators KLOBUCHAR  and C
OLLINS for their leadership on this issue. This is one that hits close to home for me and my sister and my family. Our mother had Alzheimer’s disease, dementia, and her mother and grandmother. So this is one I care a lot about, and I applaud their efforts to work together on a hugely important issue on a personal level as well as a fi-nancial one. For a long time, I thought Medicaid was a health care program for mostly moms and kids. As it turns out, most of the money we spend in Medicaid is to enable elderly people, many with de-mentia, Alzheimer’s disease, to stay in nursing homes. The lion’s share of the money is actually for seniors, many of them with dementia and Alzheimer’s disease. So there is a fiscal component and a personal human component. I thank the Senators for this. I have written down the information about their bill, and I will be researching it through the night to see if I can join them as a cosponsor. I thank them both, and I really appreciate what they are doing. 
ISIS 
Mr. President, just before Senators C
OLLINS and K LOBUCHAR took to the floor, one of our colleagues—one of my three favorite Republican colleagues— spoke about ISIS and suggested that we are not doing too well in the battle against ISIS. I have a friend, and when you ask him how he is doing, he says: Compared to what? I want to compare now with where we were with ISIS about 2 years ago. Two years ago, ISIS was on the march. They were almost knocking on the door of Baghdad. They stormed through Syria, through much of Iraq, headed toward Baghdad, and were stopped almost on the outskirts of Baghdad. The question was, Can any-body stop them? The United States, under the leader-ship of our President, and other coun-tries said: Let’s put together the kind of coalition that George Herbert Walk-er Bush put together when the Iraqis invaded Kuwait many years ago. Some of us may recall that under the leadership of former President Bush, we put together a coalition of I think more than 40 nations. Everybody in the coalition brought something to the fight. Among other things, we brought some airpower and some troops on the ground. Other countries, like the Japa-nese, didn’t send any military forces, but they provided money to help sup-port the fight. We had Sunni nations, we had Shia nations, and we had na-tions from NATO. It was a very broad coalition, and we were ultimately very successful in pushing Saddam Hussein and the Iraqis out of Kuwait and ena-bling the Kuwaitis—even today—to live as a free people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.048 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4808 July 6, 2016 
So when we hear people talk about how things are going with respect to ISIS, let me say this: Compared to what? Compared to 2 years ago, a heck of a lot better—a whole lot better. You may remember that 2 years ago, ISIS had the Iraqis on the run. The Iraqi soldiers were running away, leav-ing all kinds of equipment behind for the ISIS folks to take over. ISIS came in and took control of the oilfields and took over banks and looted them. Two years ago, they were attracting 2,000 fighters per month from around the world. Every month, 2,000 fighters were going to Iraq and Syria to fight with ISIS. How about last month? Two hundred. Two years ago, the ISIS folks were attracting 10 Americans per month to the fight in Iraq and Syria—10 Ameri-cans per month 2 years ago. Last month? One American. The land mass that the ISIS folks took over to create their caliphate was about half of Iraq—not that much, not half of Iraq, but they had taken over large parts of Iraq. Today, with the al-liance, we have retaken I think at least half of that. With American airpower and American intelligence, with some support on the ground—but mostly Iraqis and Kurds and other components of our coalition have enabled the Iraqis to retake what we call the Sunni Tri-angle, which includes Ramadi, Tikrit, and Fallujah. That is the triangle in western Baghdad where a whole lot of the Sunnis live. And a lot of the boots on the ground were not ours. The boots on the ground were those of the Iraqi Army, which is starting to show a sense of cohesiveness and a sense of fight we didn’t see 2 years ago. Up in the northern part of Iraq, there is a big city called Mosul which is being surrounded by forces of the alli-ance that include not so much U.S. troops on the ground—we have some support troops on the ground. We cer-tainly have airpower there. We are pro-viding a fair amount of help in intel-ligence, and we will have elements of the Kurds, their forces, the Iraqi Army, and some other forces, too, sur-rounding Mosul. My hope and expecta-tion—we are not going to rush into it— is that we are getting ready to gradu-ally go into that city, try to do it in a way the civilians there do not get killed unnecessarily. It is something we are going to do right, and I think ultimately we will be successful. If you go almost due west from Mosul toward Syria, you come to a big city called Raqqah, and that is essentially the capital—almost like the spiritual capital of the caliphate the ISIS folks are trying to establish. Raqqah is now being approached from the southwest by Syrian Army forces, some Russian airpower, and for us from the north-east—not American ground forces but Kurds and others and US airpower. It is almost like a pincer move, if you will. Two forces that are not ours but seen as allies—one led by the United States and the other by the Russians—are moving in against a common target, and that is Raqqah. So how are we doing? Compared to what? Compared to 2 years ago, we are doing a heck of a lot better. And it is not just the United States. We don’t want to have boots on the ground, but there are a lot of ways we can help. As it turns out, there are a lot of other na-tions in our coalition that are helping as well. So far in this fight in the last 18 months or so, we have killed I think over 25,000 ISIS fighters. We have taken out roughly 120 key ISIS leaders. We have reduced the funds of ISIS by at least a third. I am told that we have cut in half the amount of money they are getting from oil reserves, from oil wells and so forth that they had taken over. It is not time to spike the football, but I think anybody who wanted to be evenhanded in terms of making progress toward degrading and destroy-ing ISIS would say it is not time to spike the football but it is time to in-flate the football. We are on the march. We are on the march—and not just us but a lot of oth-ers. We have two carriers groups, one in the Mediterranean and another in the Persian Gulf. I understand that F– 16s and F–18s are flying off those air-craft in support of these operations. We have B–52s still flying. They are oper-ating out of Qatar. We have A–10s oper-ating out of someplace. We have to op-erate flights, I believe, out of Iraq and maybe even out of Turkey, maybe even out of Jordan—not necessarily all— maybe even out of Kuwait. So there are a lot of assets involved—a lot of their assets involved—and I think to good ef-fect. I am a retired Navy captain. I served three tours in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam war. I am not a hero like J
OHN MCCAINand some of our other colleagues, but I know a little bit about doing military operations with units of other branches of the service or even in the Navy—naval air, work-ing with submarines, working with service ships. It is difficult and com-plicated. Try to do that with other countries speaking different languages and having different kinds of military traditions and operating norms, and it is not easy to put together a 16-nation alliance and be an effective fighting machine all at once. But we are getting there. We are getting there. We are making progress, and I am encouraged. But I would say, if I could add one more thing—and then I want to talk about what I really wanted to talk about, Mr. President—there is a fellow named Peter Bergen who is one of the foremost experts in the country and in the world maybe on jihadi terrorism. He points out that if you go back to the number of Americans who have been killed since 9/11 by jihadi terror-ists in our country, they have all been killed by American citizens or people who are legally residing in this coun-try. Part of what we need to do is to make sure folks in this country don’t get further radicalized. I think one of the best ways to make sure they are not going to get radicalized is to not have one of our candidates for Presi-dent saying we ought to throw all the Muslims out of this country, send them all home. If that doesn’t play into the hands of ISIS, I don’t know what does. That is not the way to make sure we reduce the threat of jihadism in this country; it actually incentivizes and is like putting gasoline on the fire. What the administration, what the Department of Homeland Security is trying to do, and what I am trying to do in our Committee on Homeland Se-curity is to make sure we reach out to the Muslim community not with a fist and saying ‘‘You are out of here,’’ but in the spirit of partnership. They do not want their young people to be radicalized and go around killing peo-ple. That is not what they want. We need to work with people of faith, peo-ple in the Muslim community, with families, and with nonprofit organiza-tions and others to make sure it is clear that we see them as an important part of our country. We are not inter-ested in throwing them out of this country. There are a lot of them mak-ing great contributions to this coun-try. We want them to work with us and we want to be a partner with them to reduce the incidence of terrorism by Muslims and, frankly, any other faith that might be radicalized here. That isn’t why I came to the floor, Mr. President, but I was inspired by one of my colleagues whom I greatly admire. FEDERAL RECORDS ACT  
What I want to talk about, Mr. Presi-dent, is something that, when you mention it, people really light up. It really excites them; and that is the Federal Records Act. It will likely lead the news tonight on all the networks. It is actually topical and I think im-portant. Maybe when I finish, folks— the pages who are sitting here dutifully listening to my remarks—will say: That wasn’t so bad. That was pretty in-teresting. So here we go. Mr. President, I rise this evening to address the importance of the Federal Records Act and the recent attention that has been given to the Federal Gov-ernment’s recordkeeping practices dur-ing investigations into former Sec-retary of State Hillary Clinton’s use of a personal email server. Yesterday, as we all know, FBI Di-rector James Comey announced that the FBI had completed its investiga-tion into Secretary Clinton’s use of a personal email server. After an inde-pendent and professional review that lasted months, the FBI recommended to the Justice Department that based on the facts, charges are not appro-priate and that ‘‘no reasonable pros-ecutor’’ would pursue a case. In addition, the State Department’s inspector general recently concluded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.050 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4809 July 6, 2016 
its review of the recordkeeping prac-tices of several former Secretaries of State, including those of Secretary Clinton. While these investigations have been the subject of much discussion in the media and here in the Senate, I just want to put into context the findings and their relation to Federal record-keeping. The truth is, for decades, and across Republican and Democratic adminis-trations, the Federal Government has done an abysmal job when it comes to preserving electronic records. When Congress passed the Federal Records Act over 60 years ago, the goal was to help preserve our Nation’s history and to ensure that Americans have access to public records. As we know, a lot has changed in our country since that time due to the evolution of information technology. Today, billions of docu-ments that shape the decisions our government makes are never written down with pen and paper. Instead, these records are created digitally. They are not stored in a filing cabinet, they are not stored in a library or an archive somewhere but in computers and in bytes of data. Because of a slow response to techno-logical change and a lack of manage-ment attention, agencies have strug-gled to manage an increasing volume of electronic records and in particular email. In fact, the National Archives and Records Administration, the agen-cy charged with preserving our Na-tion’s records, reported that 80 per-cent—think about this, 80 percent—of agencies are at an elevated risk for the improper management of electronic records. As the inspector general’s re-cent report showed, the State Depart-ment is no exception to this govern-mentwide problem. The report found systemic weak-nesses at the State Department, which has not done a good job for years now when it comes to overseeing record-keeping policies and ensuring that em-ployees not just understand what the rules are but actually follow those poli-cies. The report of the inspector gen-eral and the report of the FBI also found that several former Secretaries of State, or their senior advisers, used personal emails to conduct official business. Notably, Secretary Kerry is the first Secretary of State—I believe in the history of our country—to use a state.gov email address, the very first one. The fact that recordkeeping has not been a priority at the State Depart-ment does not come as a surprise, I am sure. In a previous report, the inspec-tor general of the State Department found that of the roughly 1 billion State Department emails sent in 1 year alone, 2011, only .0001 percent of them were saved in an electronic records management system. Think about that. How many is that? That means 1 out of every roughly 16,000 was saved, if you are keeping score. To this day, it remains the policy of the State Department that in most cases, each employee must manually choose which emails are work-related and should be archived and then they print out and file them in hard-copy form. Imagine that. We can do better and frankly we must. Fortunately, better laws have helped spur action and push the agencies to catch up with the changing tech-nologies. In 2014, Congress took long- overdue steps to modernize the laws that govern our Federal recordkeeping requirements. We did so by adopting amendments to the Federal Records Act that were authored by our House colleague E
LIJAH CUMMINGS and ap-proved unanimously both by the House of Representatives, where he serves, and right here in the United States Senate. Today, employees at executive agencies may no longer conduct offi-cial business over personal emails without ensuring that any records they create in their personal accounts are properly archived in an official elec-tronic messaging account within 20 days. Had these commonsense meas-ures been in place or required when Secretary Clinton and her predecessors were in office, the practices identified in the inspector general’s report would not have persisted over many years and multiple administrations, Democratic and Republican. Secretary Clinton, her team, and her predecessors would have gotten better guidance from Congress on how the Federal Records Act applies to technology that did not exist when the law was first passed over 60 years ago. Let’s move forward. Moving forward, it is important we continue to imple-ment the 2014 reforms of the Federal Records Act and improve record-keeping practices throughout the Fed-eral Government in order to tackle these longstanding weaknesses. While doing so, it is also imperative for us to keep pace as communications tech-nologies continue to evolve. While it is not quick or glamorous work, Congress should support broad deployment of the National Archives’ new record management approach called Capstone. Capstone helps agencies automatically preserve the email records of its senior officials. Now, I understand Secretary Clinton is running for President, and some of our friends in Congress have chosen to single her out on these issues I think largely for that reason—because she is a candidate—but it is important to point out that in past statements, Sec-retary Clinton has repeatedly taken re-sponsibility for her mistakes. She has also taken steps to satisfy her obliga-tions under the Federal Records Act. The inspector general and the National Archives and Records Administration have also acknowledged she mitigated any problems stemming from her past email practices by providing 55,000 pages of work-related emails to the State Department in December of 2014. The vast majority of these emails has now been released publicly through the Freedom of Information Act. This is an unprecedented level of transparency. Never before have so many emails from a former Cabinet Secretary been made public—never. I would encourage the American people to read them. What they will show is, among other things, someone working late at night, work-ing on weekends, working on holidays to help protect American interests. The more you read, the more you will understand her service as Secretary of State. She called a dozen foreign lead-ers on Thanksgiving in 2009. What were the rest of us doing that day? She dis-cussed the nuclear arms treaty with the Russian Ambassador on Christmas Eve. What are most of us doing on Christmas Eve? She responded quickly to humanitarian crises like the earth-quake in Haiti. Finally, I should point out that the issue of poor recordkeeping practices and personal email use are not unique to this administration or to the execu-tive branch. Many in Congress were upset when poor recordkeeping prac-tices of President George W. Bush’s ad-ministration resulted in the loss of White House documents and records. I remember that. At times, Members of Congress have also used personal email to conduct official business, including some who are criticizing Secretary Clinton today, despite it being discour-aged. Now that the FBI has concluded its review, I think it is time to move on. Instead of focusing on emails, the American people expect us in Congress to fix problems, not to use our time and resources to score political points. As I often say, we lead by our example. It is not do as I say, but do as I do. All of us should keep this in mind and focus on fixing real problems like the American people sent us to do. Before I yield, I was privileged to spend some time, as the Presiding Offi-cer knows, as Governor of my State for 8 years. After I was elected Governor, but before I became Governor, all of us who were newly elected and our spouses were invited to new Governors school for new Governors and spouses hosted by the National Governors As-sociation. That would have been in No-vember of 1993. The new Governors school, for new Governors and spouses, was hosted by the NGA, the chairman of the National Governors Association, and by the other Governors and their spouses within the NGA. They were our faculty, and the rest of us who were newbies, newly elected, we were the students. We were the ones there to learn. We spent 3 days with veteran Governors and spouses, and those of us who were newly elected learned a lot from the folks who had been in those chairs for a while as Governors and spouses. One of the best lessons I learned during new Governors school that year in November of 1992, as a Governor-elect to Delaware, was this— and I don’t recall whether it was a Re-publican or Democratic Governor at the time, but he said: When you make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.051 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4810 July 6, 2016 
a mistake, don’t make it a 1-day prob-lem, a 1-week problem, a 1-month prob-lem, or a 1-year problem. When you make a mistake, admit it. That is what he said. When you make a mistake, admit it. When you make a mistake, apologize. Take the blame. When you have made a mistake, fix it, and then move on. I think that is pretty good advice. It helped me a whole lot as Governor and has helped me in the United States Senate, in my work in Washington with our Presiding Officer on a number of issues. The other thing I want to say a word about is James Comey. I have been privileged to know him for a number of years, when he was nominated by our President to head up the FBI and today as he has served in this capacity for a number of years. We are lucky. I don’t know if he is a Democrat, Republican, or Independent, but I know he is a great leader. He is about as straight an arrow as they come. He works hard— very hard—and provides enlightened leadership, principled leadership, for the men and women of the FBI. I want to publicly thank him for taking on a tough job and doing it well. I hope we will take the time to sift through what he and the FBI have found, but in the end, one of the things they found is that after all these months and the time and effort that has gone into reviewing the email records and practices of Secretary Clinton—which she says she regrets. She has apologized for doing it. She said if she had to do it all over, she cer-tainly wouldn’t do it again, even though it wasn’t in contravention of the laws we had of email recordkeeping at the time. We changed the law in 2014. She has taken the blame. At some point in time—we do have some big problems we face, big challenges we face, and we need to get to work on those as well. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
STANDARDS FOR PROTECTING CLASSIFIED  
INFORMATION  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I sprinted to the floor when I saw the Senator from Delaware speaking. I have high regard for the Senator from Delaware. I think he is a man of integrity who has served his country well, both in the Navy and in this body. I have traveled with the man. We have explored the Texas-Mexico border before. I think very highly of him. I wanted to come to the floor and ask, in light of the comments he just made about Secretary Clinton, if he has any view about what should happen the next time, when a career intel-ligence or military officer leaks classi-fied information. I am curious as to what should happen next. And I wel-come a conversation with any of the defenders of the Secretary of State who want to come to the floor and engage in this issue. As I see it, one of two things happens the next time a classified document is leaked in our intelligence community. Either we are going to not prosecute or not pursue the individual who leaks a document that compromises national security and compromises potentially the life of one of the spies who is out there serving in defense of freedom— and we are potentially not going to pursue or prosecute that individual be-cause yesterday a decision was made inside the executive branch of the United States Government to lower the standards that govern how we protect classified information in this country. That will be a sad day because it will mean we are a weaker nation because we decided to lower those standards, not in this body, not by debate, not by passing a law, but a decision will have been made to lower the standards by which the U.S. national security se-crets are protected. Or conversely, a decision will have been made to pros-ecute and pursue that individual for having leaked secrets, at which point that individual, his or her spouse and their family and his or her peers are going to ask the question, which is, Why is there a different standard for me, the career military officer or the career intelligence officer, than there is for the politically connected in this country? As I see it, we are in danger of doing one of two things: We are either going to make the United States less secure by lowering the standards that are written in statute about how we govern classified information in this country, or we are going to create a two-tier system of justice by which the power-ful and the politically connected are held to a different bar than the people who serve us in the military and the intelligence community. Again, I have great respect for the senior Senator from Delaware, but I listened to his comments. I was in a different meeting, and I saw that he was speaking. I unmuted my TV and listened to his comments, and I would welcome him to come back to the floor and engage me and explain which way he thinks we should go next because one of those two things is going to hap-pen the next time a classified docu-ment is leaked. Either we are going to not pursue that person and we are going to have lowered the standards for protecting our Nation’s secrets, or we are going to pursue that person, which means they will be held to a different standard, a higher standard, than the Secretary of State. I don’t understand that. I don’t understand why anybody in this body would think either of those two outcomes is a good thing. We do many, many things around here. A small subset of them are really important. Lots of them aren’t very important. This is a critically impor-tant matter. This body and this Con-gress exist for the purpose of fulfilling our article I obligations under the Con-stitution. The American system of gov-ernment is about limited government because we know, as Madison said, that we need government in the world be-cause men aren’t angels, and we need divided government; we need checks and balances in our government. We need three branches of government be-cause those of us who govern are not angels. We distinguish in our Constitution between a legislative, executive, and a judicial branch, and this body—the leg-islative branch—is supposed to be the body that passes the laws because the people are supposed to be in charge, and they can hire and fire those of us who serve here. Laws should be made in this body, not in the executive branch. The executive branch’s obliga-tions are to faithfully execute the laws that are passed in this body. If we are going to change the stand-ards by which our Nation’s secrets are protected, by which classified informa-tion is governed, we should do that in a deliberative process here. We should pass a law in the House and in the Sen-ate so that if the voters—if the 320 mil-lion Americans, the ‘‘we the people’’ who are supposed to be in charge, dis-agree about the decisions that are made in this body, they are supposed to be able to fire us. The people of America don’t have any way to fire somebody inside an execu-tive branch agency. Deliberation about the laws and the standards that govern our national security should be done here, and the laws should be made here. For those who want to defend Sec-retary Clinton, I am very curious if they would explain to us which way they want it to go the next time a clas-sified secret is leaked because either we are going to have standards or we are not going to have standards. If we are not going to have standards, that is going to make our Nation weaker. If we are going to have standards, they should apply equally to everyone be-cause we believe in equality under the law in this country. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. RUBIO. I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak as in morn-ing business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CENTRAL EVERGLADES PLANNING PROJECT  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, as you and others are well aware, Florida is often associated with its crystal blue waters, sport and commercial fishing, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.081 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4811 July 6, 2016 
and pristine vacation destinations. This summer, a thick and putrid algal bloom known as the blue-green algae is threatening all of that and much more along large stretches of the St. Lucie River and the Indian River Lagoon. On Friday, I visited the area, and I can tell you this is an economic dis-aster in addition to an ecological cri-sis. I met many of the people whose lives have been thrown into turmoil. The algae has forced the closure of sev-eral beaches. Even this morning we were hearing reports of a surf camp where kids go out and learn how to surf and paddle board and so forth. They sign up in the summer to do this, and they are having parents canceling, and in some cases having to cancel them-selves because of this. There were beaches closed during the Fourth of July, which is the peak sea-son for many of these resorts, hotels, and local businesses. That is why I say they have been thrown into turmoil. Beyond that, this algae bloom is kill-ing fish and oysters. It is hurting tour-ism. It is harming local businesses. It is sinking property values. Imagine if you just bought a home on the water there—the values are largely tied to access to water and the boat dock—and now you step outside, and sitting right there on your porch, basi-cally, there is a thick green slime that some have compared to guacamole sit-ting on the surface of the ocean. You can imagine what that is doing to prop-erty values. Parents, of course, are viewing all of this and are concerned for the health of their children. There are a number of things we can do to ad-dress this immediately, and I have been working to make these things happen. First of all, let me describe how this is happening. This is happening be-cause nutrient-rich water—water that has things in it like fertilizer—is run-ning into Lake Okeechobee, which is at the center of the State. It is the largest inland body of water in the State. His-torically, the water that sat in Lake Okeechobee would run southward into the Everglades. With development, canal systems, and so forth, that all stopped. Now this water is held back by a dike, which is put in place to prevent flooding. When the waters need to be released, they are released east and west. These waters are already rich in nutrients in Lake Okeechobee, and then they are released into the estu-aries and canals, which also have nutri-ents in them because of runoff from faulty and old septic tanks. When these things reach the ocean, when they reach the estuaries, when they reach the lagoon or the lake or the river and they get into this heat, the result is what we are seeing now. Last week I wrote the Army Corps of Engineers, and I urged them to stop the discharges from Lake Okeechobee until the balance and health of the eco-system in the area can recover. By the way, these discharges have been ongo-ing since January of this year, which has lowered salinity levels, and it caused the algae to bloom. I also in-vited the Assistant Secretary of the Army Corps to visit the area so they can witness the conditions firsthand. I was pleased that after my request the Army Corps announced it would de-crease the discharges but, of course, much more needs to be done. My office has also been working with the Small Business Administration for months now on the harmful impact of these discharges. In April, we were able to ensure disaster loans were made avail-able to businesses suffering from the discharges. Just yesterday, we were able to confirm that the disaster loans will apply to those currently affected by the current algal blooms. Perhaps the most important long- term solution that we can put in place is for the Senate and the House to pass and the President to sign the author-ization for the Central Everglades Planning Project. The Central Ever-glades Planning Project will divert these harmful discharges away from the coastlines and send more water south through the Everglades. This is a project I had hoped would have been authorized in the last water resources bill in 2014, but delays by the administration in releasing the final Chiefs report prevented that from hap-pening in 2014. Thanks to the leader-ship of Chairman I
NHOFE , the Central Everglades Planning Project is in-cluded in the EPW committee-reported Water Resources Development Act of 2016. Last week, I joined 29 of my col-leagues in urging our leaders to bring this important bill before the full Sen-ate. I plan to continue this support, and I hope we are able to get the Cen-tral Everglades Planning Project signed into law as soon as possible. Finally, we also need to know the long-term health risks posed by this algal bloom. I mentioned a moment ago that many parents are concerned about the safety of their kids as they play outside this summer. Let me tell you why they are concerned. The algae I saw lining the shores and in the coves and inlets will literally make you sick. There are already people complaining of headaches, rashes, and respiratory issues. At Central Marine in Stuart, you could not stand outside near the water and breathe the air without literally feeling sick. The smell is indescribable. The best thing I can use to describe it is if you opened up a septic tank or opened sewage in a third world coun-try—that is how nasty this stuff is. By the way, when it dies, it turns this dark green-blue color, and then it becomes even more toxic. No one knows how to remove it. No one knows what is going to happen to it after it dies, except it is going to sit there. That is why we have been in contact with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which has been work-ing with State officials, and I requested that they keep me informed and that they remain vigilant in their efforts to assist those impacted by the algae. This is truly a crisis for the State of Florida, but we are fortunate that Florida is well equipped to handle this issue. I have spoken to the Governor and to key officials on the ground about this. This should continue to be a joint effort by the Federal and State governments. Should the government decide this warrants a Federal disaster declaration, I will urge the President to approve it. That means that more resources could flow to those who have been negatively impacted by this, espe-cially small businesses that have seen themselves in the peak season truly hurt by this event. In the meantime, Florida continues to face this serious problem, and unfor-tunately there simply is no silver bul-let. Its effects will linger for quite some time. For people who are suf-fering through this right now, that is not a promising thing for me to say. If that were my house facing this algae, if that were my business wiped out with the cancelations, I would be angry too. It is important to remember this is not just an ecological crisis; it is a tragedy for the people on the Treasure Coast who have had to watch this algae threaten their communities and their livelihoods. This is a heated issue, as you can imagine, because we are talk-ing about people’s homes. We are talk-ing about a way of life. Many people came up to me and said they grew up in the area, they remember the days where their whole summers were spent near that water, and now they can’t even go in it. When we see a place as naturally beautiful as the Treasure Coast looking and smelling like an open sewer, you have a visceral and angry reaction to it. I know that I did. Sadly, whenever there are emotional and heated issues like these, people on both sides are willing to exploit them. Anyone who tells you they have the silver bullet answer to this problem is simply not telling the truth. They are lying. I have talked to experts, dozens of them. I visited with people across the spectrum on this issue, and the re-ality is that solving this issue will take time, persistence, and a number of things. There is no single thing we can do. There are a number of things, and they all have to happen in order for this to get better. These problems have existed for dec-ades. This didn’t happen overnight. This isn’t something that started 2 weeks ago. This has been going on for decades. I have now been a Senator for a little less than 6 years, and in my time here, we have made steady progress on this issue. But it is not coming as fast as I would like, and it is not coming as fast as the people of the Treasure Coast need. The worst thing we could do right now is to divert crit-ical resources from a plan that will work, from a plan designed by sci-entists, from a plan designed by ex-perts that will work, but we have to put that plan in place. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.083 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4812 July 6, 2016 
That is why I once again urge my colleagues to move forward on the Cen-tral Everglades Planning Project. It will allow us to begin the process of au-thorizing these important projects that will not only retain more water but will result in cleaner water going into Lake Okeechobee, cleaner water flow-ing out of Lake Okeechobee, and clean-er water moving south into the Ever-glades, the way it should be flowing and not east and west into these im-pacted communities. I am calling the Presiding Officer’s attention to this because, as I have de-tailed, this is far from being merely a State issue. We do have our work cut out for us on the Federal level to help get this solved, but I am committed to this task. I ask my colleagues for their assistance so we can ensure that 5 and 10 years from now we are not still here talking about this happening all over again. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 20 minutes, although I don’t think I will use it all. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here for the 143rd time now to urge Congress to wake up to the damage that carbon pollution is inflicting on our atmosphere and oceans and to make a record for when people look back at this time and at this place and wonder why Congress was so unrespon-sive in the face of all of the informa-tion. What are we up against that has pre-vented progress? What we are up against is a many-tentacled, industry- controlled apparatus that is delib-erately polluting our discourse in this Nation with phony climate denial. That apparatus runs in parallel with a multi-hundred million dollar election-eering effort that tells politicians: If you don’t buy what the apparatus is selling, you will be in political peril. As we look at the apparatus that is propagating this phony climate denial, there is a growing body of scholarship that helps us that is examining this ap-paratus, how it is funded, how it com-municates, and how it propagates the denial message. It includes work by Harvard University’s Naomi Oreskes, Michigan State’s Aaron McCright, Oklahoma State’s Riley Dunlap, Yale’s Justin Farrell, and Drexel University’s Robert Brulle, but it is not just them. There are a lot of academic folk work-ing on this to the point where there are now more than 100 peer-reviewed sci-entific articles examining this climate denial apparatus itself. These sci-entists are doing serious and groundbreaking work. Dr. Brulle, for instance, has just been named the 2016 recipient of the Amer-ican Sociological Association’s Fred-erick Buttel Distinguished Contribu-tion Award, the highest honor in Amer-ican environmental sociology. Dr. Brulle has also won, along with Pro-fessor Dunlap, the American Socio-logical Association’s Allan Schnaiberg Outstanding Publication Award for their book ‘‘Climate Change and Soci-ety.’’ The work of all of these academic researchers maps out an intricate, interconnected propaganda web which encompasses over 100 organizations, in-cluding trade associations, conserv-ative so-called think tanks, founda-tions, public relations firms, and plain old phony-baloney polluter front groups. A complex flow of cash, now often hidden by donors’ trusts and other such identity-laundering oper-ations, support this apparatus. The ap-paratus is, in the words of Professor Farrell, ‘‘overtly producing and pro-moting skepticism and doubt about sci-entific consensus on climate change.’’ The climate denial apparatus illumi-nated by their scholarship is part of the untold story behind our obstructed American climate change politics. This apparatus is huge. Phony-balo-ney front organizations are set up by the score to obscure industry’s hand. Phony messaging is honed by public re-lations experts to sow doubt about the real scientific consensus. Stables of payrolled scientists are trotted out on call to perform. Professor Brulle likens it to a stage production. 
Like a play on Broadway, the counter-movement has stars in the spotlight—often prominent contrarian scientists or conserv-ative politicians—but behind the stars is an organizational structure of directors, script writers, and producers, in the form of con-servative foundations. If you want to under-stand what is driving this movement, you have to look at what is going on behind the scenes. 
The whole apparatus is designed to be big and sophisticated enough that when you see its many parts, you can be fooled into thinking it is not all the same animal, but it is, just like the mythological Hydra—many heads, same beast. The apparatus is huge because it has a lot to protect. The International Monetary Fund has pegged what it calls the effective subsidy to the fossil fuel industry every year in the United States alone at nearly $700 billion. That is a lot to protect. Here is one other measure. The Cen-ter for American Progress has tallied the carbon dioxide emissions from the power producers involved in the law-suit to block implementation of Presi-dent Obama’s Clean Power Plan, either directly or through their trade groups. It turns out they have a lot of pollu-tion to protect. The companies affili-ated with that lawsuit were responsible for nearly 1.2 billion tons of carbon pol-lution in 2013. That is one-fifth of the entire carbon output in our entire country, and 1.2 billion tons makes these polluters, if they were their own country, the sixth biggest CO2emitter in the world—more than Germany or Canada. Using the Office of Manage-ment and Budget’s social cost of car-bon, that is a polluter cost to the rest of us of $50 billion every year. When this crowd comes to the court, they come with very dirty hands and for very high stakes. Not only is this apparatus huge, it is also complex. It is organized into mul-tiple levels. Rich Fink is the former President of the Charles G. Koch Chari-table Foundation. He has outlined the model they use called the ‘‘Structure of Social Change’’ to structure what he called ‘‘the distinct roles of univer-sities, think tanks, and activist groups in the transformation of ideas into ac-tion.’’ As a Koch-funded grantmaker out to pollute the public mind, the Koch Foundation realized that multiple lev-els were necessary for successful propa-ganda production. They went at it this way: The ‘‘intellectual raw materials’’ were to be produced by scholars funded at universities, giving the product some academic credibility. I think at this point, Koch funding reaches into as many as 300 college campuses to cre-ate this so-called intellectual raw ma-terial. Then think tanks and policy in-stitutions mold these ideas and market them as ‘‘needed solutions for real- world problems.’’ I guess they are using the technique of ‘‘think tank as dis-guised political weapon’’ described by Jane Mayer in her terrific book ‘‘Dark Money.’’ Then comes what we would call ‘‘astroturf’’—citizen implementation groups ‘‘build diverse coalitions of in-dividual citizens and special interest groups needed to press for the imple-mentation of policy change’’ at the ground level. So the apparatus is orga-nized not unlike a company would set up manufacturing, marketing, and sales. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD Mr. Fink’s ‘‘The Structure of Social Change.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From libertyguide.com, Oct. 18, 2012] T
HESTRUCTURE OF SOCIAL CHANGE  (By Rich Fink, President, Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation) 
WHY PUBLIC POLICY ? Universities, think tanks, and citizen ac-tivist groups all present competing claims for being the best place to invest resources. As grant-makers, we hear the pros and cons of the different kinds of institutions seeking funding. The universities claim to be the real source of change. They give birth to the big ideas that provide the intellectual frame-work for social transformation. While this is true, critics contend that investing in uni-versities produces no tangible results for many years or even decades. Also, since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.084 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4813 July 6, 2016 
many academics tend to talk mostly to their colleagues in the specialized languages of their respective disciplines, their research, even if relevant, usually needs to be adapted before it is useful in solving practical prob-lems. The think tanks and policy development organizations argue that they are most wor-thy of support because they work on real- world policy issues, not abstract concepts. They communicate not just among them-selves, but are an immediate source of policy ideas for the White House, Congress, and the media. They claim to set the action agenda that leaders in government follow. Critics observe, however, that there is a surfeit of well-funded think tanks, producing more po-sition papers and books than anyone could ever possibly read. Also, many policy pro-posals, written by ‘‘wonks’’ with little expe-rience outside the policy arena, lack real-istic implementation or transition plans. And all too often, think tanks gauge their success in terms of public relations victories measured in inches of press coverage, rather than more meaningful and concrete accom-plishments. Citizen activist or implementation groups claim to merit support because they are the most effective at really accomplishing things. They are fighting in the trenches, and this is where the war is either won or lost. They directly produce results by ral-lying support for policy change. Without them, the work of the universities and policy institutes would always remain just so many words on paper, instead of leading to real changes in people’s lives. Others point out, however, that their com-mitment to action comes at a price. Because activist groups are remote from the univer-sities and their framework of ideas, they often lose sight of the big picture. Their nec-essary association with diverse coalitions and politicians may make them too willing to compromise to achieve narrow goals. Many of the arguments advanced for and against investing at the various levels are valid. Each type of institute at each stage has its strengths and weaknesses. But more importantly, we see that institutions at all stages are crucial to success. While they may compete with one another for funding and often belittle each other’s roles, we view them as complementary institutions, each critical for social transformation. 
HAYEK ’S MODEL OF PRODUCTION  Our understanding of how these institu-tions ‘‘fit together’’ is derived from a model put forward by the Nobel laureate economist Friedrich Hayek. Hayek’s model illustrates how a market economy is organized, and has proven useful to students of economics for decades. While Hayek’s analysis is complicated, even a modified, simplistic version can yield useful insights. Hayek described the ‘‘structure of produc-tion’’ as the means by which a greater out-put of ‘‘consumer goods’’ is generated through savings that are invested in the de-velopment of ‘‘producer goods’’—goods not produced for final consumption. The classic example in economics is how a stranded Robinson Crusoe is at first com-pelled to fish and hunt with his hands. He only transcends subsistence when he hoards enough food to sustain himself while he fash-ions a fishing net, a spear, or some other pro-ducer good that increases his production of consumer goods. This enhanced production allows even greater savings, hence greater investment and development of more com-plex and indirect production technologies. In a developed economy, the ‘‘structure of production’’ becomes quite complicated, in-volving the discovery of knowledge and inte-gration of diverse businesses whose success and sustainability depend on the value they add to the ultimate consumer. Hayek’s model explains how investments in an inte-grated structure of production yield greater productivity over less developed or less inte-grated economies. By analogy, the model can illustrate how investment in the structure of production of ideas can yield greater social and economic progress when the structure is well-devel-oped and well-integrated. For simplicity’s sake, I am using a snapshot of a developed economy, as Hayek did in parts of Prices and Production, and I am aggregating a complex set of businesses into three broad categories or stages of production. The higher stages represent investments and businesses in-volved in the enhanced production of some basic inputs we will call ‘‘raw materials.’’ The middle stages of production are involved in converting these raw materials into var-ious types of products that add more value than these raw materials have if sold di-rectly to consumers. In this model, the later stages of production are involved in the packaging, transformation, and distribution of the output of the middle stages to the ul-timate consumers. Hayek’s theory of the structure of produc-tion can also help us understand how ideas are transformed into action in our society. Instead of the transformation of natural re-sources to intermediate goods to products that add value to consumers, the model, which I call the Structure of Social Change, deals with the discovery, adaptation, and im-plementation of ideas into change that in-creases the well-being of citizens. Although the model helps to explain many forms of so-cial change, I will focus here on the type I know best—change that results from the for-mation of public policy. APPLYING HAYEK ’S MODEL  When we apply this model to the realm of ideas and social change, at the higher stages we have the investment in the intellectual raw materials, that is, the exploration and production of abstract concepts and theories. In the public policy arena, these still come primarily (though not exclusively) from the research done by scholars at our univer-sities. At the higher stages in the Structure of Social Change model, ideas are often unin-telligible to the layperson and seemingly un-related to real-world problems. To have con-sequences, ideas need to be transformed into a more practical or useable form. In the middle stages, ideas are applied to a relevant context and molded into needed so-lutions for real-world problems. This is the work of the think tanks and policy institu-tions. Without these organizations, theory or abstract thought would have less value and less impact on our society. But while the think tanks excel at devel-oping new policy and articulating its bene-fits, they are less able to implement change. Citizen activist or implementation groups are needed in the final stage to take the pol-icy ideas from the think tanks and translate them into proposals that citizens can under-stand and act upon. These groups are also able to build diverse coalitions of individual citizens and special interest groups needed to press for the implementation of policy change. We at the Koch Foundation find that the Structure of Social Change model helps us to understand the distinct roles of universities, think tanks, and activist groups in the transformation of ideas into action. We in-vite you to consider whether Hayek’s model, on which ours is based, is useful in your phi-lanthropy. Though I have confined my exam-ples to the realm of public policy, the model clearly has much broader social relevance. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, investigative books, journalists’ re-porting, and academic studies repeat-edly compare the climate denial effort to the fraud scheme that was run by the tobacco industry to disguise the harms of smoking. When I was a U.S. attorney, the Justice Department pur-sued and ultimately won a civil lawsuit against tobacco companies for that fraud. When I was here in the Senate, I wrote an opinion piece about a possible DOJ investigation into the fossil fuel industry fraud on climate change. This gave me a new appreciation of the ap-paratus in action. In response came an eruption of dozens of rightwing edi-torials, most of which interestingly were virtually identical, with common misstatements of law and common omissions of facts. The eruption re-curred some months later in response to me asking Attorney General Lynch about such an investigation when she was before us during a hearing of the Judiciary Committee. Virtually every author or outlet in these eruptions was a persistent cli-mate denier. Common markers in the published pieces seemed to point to a central script. When multiple authors all say something that is true, that is not necessarily noteworthy, but when multiple authors are all repeating the same falsehoods, that is a telling fin-gerprint. I happened to notice this be-cause unlike most people, I get my news clips so I saw all these articles as they emerged in this eruption that took place. The articles regularly con-fused civil law with criminal law, sug-gesting that I wanted to ‘‘slap the cuffs’’ on people or ‘‘prosecute’’ people when the tobacco case was a civil case, and in a civil case there are no hand-cuffs. The articles almost always over-looked the fact that the government won the tobacco fraud lawsuit and won it big. The pieces usually said my tar-get was something other than the big industry protagonist. My targets were described as ‘‘climate dissidents’’ or ‘‘independent thought’’ or ‘‘scientists’’ and ‘‘the scientific method’’ or even just ‘‘people who just disagree with me.’’ Nothing like that transpired in the tobacco fraud case, obviously. Time and time again, the articles wrongly asserted that any investiga-tion into potential fraud by this cli-mate denial apparatus would be a vio-lation of the First Amendment. This was a particularly telling marker be-cause it is actually settled law—includ-ing from the tobacco case itself—that fraud is not protected under the First Amendment. So the legal arguments were utterly false, but nevertheless the apparatus was prolific. They cranked out over 100 articles in all in those two eruptions. Now the State attorneys general who have stepped up to investigate whether the fossil fuel industry and its front groups engaged in a fraud have faced a similar backlash. First came the edi-torial barrage, often from the same outlets and authors as mine and usu-ally with the same false arguments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.037 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4814 July 6, 2016 
Then, Republicans on the U.S. House Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee sent the attorneys general let-ters with a barrage of demands to dis-courage and disrupt their inquiries. A group of Republican State attorneys general even issued a letter decrying the efforts of their investigating col-leagues. All of them insisted the First Amendment should prevent any inves-tigation. In one ironic example, the Koch- backed front group Americans for Pros-perity rode to the rescue of the Koch- backed Competitive Enterprise Insti-tute, one of the climate denial mouth-pieces under investigation. The Koch- backed front group Americans for Pros-perity announced it was joining a coa-lition of 47 other groups to support what it called ‘‘a fight for free speech,’’ but according to realkochfacts.org, 43 of the 47 groups in that so-called coali-tion also have ties to the Kochs, and 28 of them are directly funded by the Kochs and their family foundations. Welcome to the apparatus. The Koch brothers’ puppet groups claim to stand united against what Americans for Prosperity described as ‘‘an affront to the First Amendment rights of all Americans,’’ but scroll back, and the tobacco companies and their front groups and Republican al-lies made exactly the same argument against the Department of Justice’s civil racketeering lawsuit—the one the Department of Justice won. Big Tobacco’s appeal in court argued that, quoting the appeal, ‘‘the First Amendment would not permit Congress to enact a law that so criminalized one side of an ongoing legislative and pub-lic debate because the industry’s opin-ions differed from the government or ‘consensus’ view.’’ How did they do? They lost. They lost because the case was about fraud, not differences of opinion. Courts can tell the difference between fraud and differences of opinion. They do it all the time. Fraud has specific legal re-quirements. The courts in the tobacco case held firmly that the Constitution holds no protection for fraud—zero— and the tobacco industry had to stop the fraud. Now the fossil fuel industry says it is different from the tobacco in-dustry while it uses the very same ar-gument as the tobacco schemers. To really appreciate how bogus the First Amendment argument is, think through what it would mean if fraudu-lent corporate speech were protected by the First Amendment. Out would go State and Federal laws protecting us from deceitful misrepresentations about products. Consumer protection offices around the country would shriv-el or shut their doors, and it would be open season on the American con-sumer. That is a dark world to envi-sion, but it is the world that results if corporate lies about the safety of their products or industrial processes are placed beyond the reach of the law. I say lies because you have to be lying for it to be fraud. This begs the question of whether there is really a difference of opinion about climate change among scientists. Last week, 31 leading national sci-entific organizations, including the American Association for the Advance-ment of Science, the American Mete-orological Society, the American Geo-physical Union, and 28 others sent Members of Congress a no-nonsense message that human-caused climate change is real, that it poses serious risks to society, and that we need to substantially reduce greenhouse gas emissions. They told us this: 
Observations throughout the world make it clear that climate change is occurring, and rigorous scientific research concludes that the greenhouse gases emitted by human activities are the primary driver. This con-clusion is based on multiple independent lines of evidence and the vast body of peer- reviewed science. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the letter from the 39 scientific organiza-tions. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JUNE28, 2016. D
EARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : We, as lead-ers of major scientific organizations, write to remind you of the consensus scientific view of climate change. Observations throughout the world make it clear that climate change is occurring, and rigorous scientific research concludes that the greenhouse gases emitted by human activities are the primary driver. This con-clusion is based on multiple independent lines of evidence and the vast body of peer- reviewed science. There is strong evidence that ongoing cli-mate change is having broad negative im-pacts on society, including the global econ-omy, natural resources, and human health. For the United States, climate change im-pacts include greater threats of extreme weather events, sea level rise, and increased risk of regional water scarcity, heat waves, wildfires, and the disturbance of biological systems. The severity of climate change im-pacts is increasing and is expected to in-crease substantially in the coming decades. To reduce the risk of the most severe im-pacts of climate change, greenhouse gas emissions must be substantially reduced. In addition, adaptation is necessary to address unavoidable consequences for human health and safety, food security, water availability, and national security, among others. We, in the scientific community, are pre-pared to work with you on the scientific issues important to your deliberations as you seek to address the challenges of our changing climate. American Association for the Advancement of Science American Chemical Society American Geophysical Union American Institute of Biological Sciences American Meteorological Society American Public Health Association American Society of Agronomy American Society of Ichthyologists and Her-petologists American Society of Naturalists American Society of Plant Biologists American Statistical Association Association for the Sciences of Limnology and Oceanography Association for Tropical Biology and Con-servation Association of Ecosystem Research Centers BioQUEST Curriculum Consortium Botanical Society of America Consortium for Ocean Leadership Crop Science Society of America Ecological Society of America Entomological Society of America Geological Society of America National Association of Marine Laboratories Natural Science Collections Alliance Organization of Biological Field Stations Society for Industrial and Applied Mathe-matics Society for Mathematical Biology Society for the Study of Amphibians and Reptiles Society of Nematologists Society of Systematic Biologists Soil Science Society of America University Corporation for Atmospheric Re-search Mr. WHITEHOUSE. That letter is the voice of fact, of scientific analysis, and of reason. Up against it is the apparatus. The apparatus has the money. The appa-ratus has the slick messaging. The ap-paratus has the political clout. It has that parallel election spending muscle, it has the lobbying armada, and it has that array of outlets willing to print falsehoods about climate change and, for that matter, about fraud and the First Amendment. The scientists? Well, they have the expertise, the knowledge, and the facts. Whose side we choose to take says a lot about who we are. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
COTT). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MILCON-VA AND ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING BILL Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, it is the end of June and mosquitos are every-where. That means the danger of the Zika virus is increasing. All but five States have at least one reported case of the Zika virus. Just today, a baby was born in the United States with microcephaly because of the Zika virus. This is a serious crisis that re-quires serious action. That is why I was so disappointed to see the majority insert language that would limit access to contraception, a key component of a strategy to fight Zika, but this bill denies women the ability to get birth control services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.086 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4815 July 6, 2016 
from their doctors or from primary care clinics. Limiting access to contra-ception while fighting a disease we know can be transmitted sexually is ri-diculous, counterintuitive, and down-right dangerous. This approach unnec-essarily endangers women across the country. Why on Earth would the Repub-licans—with a public health crisis looming—insert a provision that is not only bad policy, but that they knew Democrats could not support? One rea-son: politics. Turning emergency research funding into a political football is irrespon-sible, and I cannot support it. Women, men, and children need to be protected against Zika, and this bill undermines those efforts. As mosquito season con-tinues and the danger of Zika in-creases, we need serious legislation that addresses this public health crisis, not partisan gamesmanship. But Zika funding is not the only place this bill falls short. This con-ference report cuts $500 million from the bipartisan Senate VA Appropria-tions bill. The Senate bill cleared the Senate 89–8, a truly bipartisan bill. In the U.S. Senate, I imagine we couldn’t even get 89 people to agree on what color the sky is, much less an appropriations bill, but here, we have one. The Democratic conferees went to conference with open ears and an open mind. Things started off okay, but Re-publican leadership inserted them-selves into the process, and it quickly became clear that they had no interest in crafting a bipartisan deal. Getting a deal requires two parties to at least talk to each other. But once leadership got involved, Re-publicans did not even return our phone calls after last weekend. This conference report was negotiated in private with only Republican Members in the room. They took the chainsaw to the Sen-ate’s bipartisan proposal that would have given the VA the resources it needs to give our vets the care they have earned. The conference report before the Sen-ate would put the VA $653 million below what the VA says it needs to get the job done. Veterans across the country and in my home State of Montana are waiting for action, and these harmful cuts will leave the VA with just enough to try and address veterans’ needs. And let’s be clear, ‘‘just enough’’ isn’t good enough for our veterans. This bill cuts money out of medical service accounts. These are the very accounts that are used to pay doctors, nurses, and for medical equipment. Making it harder for the VA to ad-minister care is irresponsible, and this bill would leave VA medical centers scrambling to provide services for thousands of veterans. Compared to what the Senate passed—with 89 votes earlier this year—this bill cuts $250 million for fa-cility maintenance of VA hospitals and clinics. I have toured these clinics. In Mis-soula, MT, we have a VA clinic that is far over capacity. Patients are forced to double and triple-up in rooms, ruin-ing any semblance of patient privacy. Doctors and nurses are forced to have conversations that should be confiden-tial in front of other patients. Sixty percent of VHA facilities are more than 50 years old, and they have over $10 billion in code deficiencies. Our veterans deserve better than being treated in third-rate facilities. This type of cut is exactly the par-tisan game playing that shows this bill was never meant as a compromise, but rather it is just a catalyst for cuts to make the VA less effective. These cuts aren’t designed to im-prove care; they are designed to bal-ance the budget on the backs of our veterans. If Republicans had come to the table willing to play ball, we could swallow these cuts if real improvements were made to how the VA is run, but these cuts will only compound the problems at the VA and are unacceptable with-out genuine reform. This was not how a conference should operate; not a single vote was ever taken by the conferees on VA related items. They were simply shoved into the bill. The unfortunate byproduct of this partisanship was that a bipartisan ap-proach to VA funding and policy prior-ities was abandoned at the end and left VA short of what I believe to be re-sponsible funding levels. I invite my Republican colleagues in the House—and one in particular in the Senate—to look at the Veterans First Act, that cleared committee unani-mously, that takes a real shot at re-forming the VA, and is a good example of what bipartisan compromise can look like. The VA is struggling, and cutting costs and not addressing real issues across the VA is not what our veterans deserve. I cannot support this bill be-cause it does not support our veterans. We have 3 months before the next fis-cal year begins—3 months before the VA runs out of money. I am ready to work with folks on both sides to see if we can agree on a plan that gives our veterans more than ‘‘good enough.’’ We have done it once this year, and we can do it again, but we need to get moving. 
f 
GREEN CLIMATE FUND Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, on June 29, 2016, the Senate Appropriations Committee marked up S. 3117, the De-partment of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriation Act, 2017. During the mark-up, the Sen-ator from Oregon offered an amend-ment to strike language that would have prohibited the Department of State from expending funds appro-priated by the bill to make a Federal Government contribution to the Green Climate Fund. The Appropriations Committee adopted Senator MERKLEY ’s amendment by voice vote. The committee’s voice vote did not afford me the opportunity to record my opposition to Senator M
ERKLEY ’s amendment in the committee record. I oppose the Merkley amendment and any transfer of funding to the Green Climate Fund. As Deputy Secretary of State Heath-er Higginbottom testified to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in March, Congress did not authorize the Green Climate Fund. Congress also failed to appropriate any funding for the Green Climate Fund in fiscal year 2016. In March 2016, the Department of State transferred $500 million from the Economic Support Fund to the Green Climate Fund, despite the lack of any authorization or appropriation from Congress. This $500 million transfer represents 26 percent of all appropriations to the Economic Support Fund—intended to promote economic and political sta-bility around the globe—at a time when combating the Zika virus, ad-dressing the threat of international terrorism, and dealing with the risks posed by Russian aggression in Eastern Europe all would have been better uses of State Department funds. For these reasons, I oppose Senator M
ERKLEY ’s amendment to S. 3117. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), as amended, we are forwarding Transmittal No. 0N–16. This notification relates to enhance-ments or upgrades from the level of sensi-tivity of technology or capability described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.079 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4816 July 6, 2016 
in the Section 36(b)(1) AECA certification 15– 53 of 04 August 2015. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 0N–16 Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensi-tivity of Technology or Capability (Sec. 36(b)(5)(A), AECA) (i) Purchaser: Government of Japan. (ii) Sec. 36(b)(l), AECA Transmittal No.: 15– 53; Date: 04 August 2015; Military Depart-ment: Navy. (iii) Description: On 04 August 2015, Con-gress was notified by Congressional Notifica-tion Transmittal Number 15–53, of the pos-sible sale under Section 36(b)(l) of the Arms Export Control Act of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance of the Gov-ernment of Japan of two (2) ship sets of the MK 7 AEGIS Weapon System, AN/SQQ–89A (v) 15J Underwater Weapon System (UWS), and Cooperative Engagement Capability (CEC). The total value of this sale is $1.5 bil-lion. Major Defense Equipment (MDE) con-stitutes $360 million of this sale. This transmittal reports the addition of three (3) Cooperative Engagement Capability (CEC) units as MDE. The correct quantity of CEC units was not listed in the original transmittal. Increasing the quantity of CEC units will not result in a net increase in the value of MDE originally notified. The total case value will remain $1.5 billion. (iv) Significance: This report is being pro-vided because three (3) CEC sets were not enumerated as Major Defense Equipment in the original notification. The total quantity being considered for purchase is five (5) sets consisting of two (2) ship sets and three (3) shore sets. This equipment is required for testing, calibration, and support of the two (2) new AEGIS DDGs being added to Japan’s fleet. This will afford more flexibility and capability to counter regional threats and continue to enhance stability in the region. (v) Justification: The ACS/IUWS/CEC sup-port ship construction for a new ship class of DDGs based upon a modified Atago-class hull (Ship Class not yet named) and a new propul-sion system. This modernization effort will increase the size of Japan’s BMD-capable fleet to eight vessels and enhance its Navy’s ability to defend Japan and the Western Pa-cific from regional ballistic missile threats. (vi) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 1, 2016. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), as amended, we are forwarding Transmittal No. 0P–16. This notification relates to enhance-ments or upgrades from the level of sensi-tivity of technology or capability described in the Section 36(b)(1) AECA certification 15– 35 of 01 June 2015. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 0P–16 Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensi-tivity of Technology or Capability (Sec. 36(b)(5)(A), AECA) (i) Purchaser: Government of Japan. (ii) Sec. 36(b)(l), AECA Transmittal No.: 15– 35; Date: 01 June 2015; Military Department: Navy. (iii) Description: On 01 June 2015, Congress was notified by Congressional Notification Transmittal Number 15–35, of the possible sale under Section 36(b)(l) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act of four (4) E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) aircraft, ten (10) T56–A– 427A engines (8 installed and 2 spares), eight (8) Multifunction Information Distribution System Low Volume Terminals (MIDS– LVT), four (4) APY–9 Radars, four (4) AN/ AYK–27 Integrated Navigation Channels and Display Systems, ten (10) LN–251 Embedded Global Positioning Systems/Inertial Naviga-tion Systems (EGIs) with embedded airborne Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM) Receiver (ASR), and six (6) AN/ ALQ–217 Electronic Support Measures, modi-fications, spare and repair parts, support equipment, publications and technical docu-mentation, personnel training and training equipment, ferry services, aerial refueling support, U.S. Government and contractor lo-gistics, engineering, and technical support services, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. The value of Major Defense Equipment (MDE) on the case was $361 million. The total case value was $1.5 billion. This transmittal reports the inclusion of one (1) E–2D Weapon Systems Trainer. While the value of the trainer was included in the original notification, it was not identified as MDE at that time. The cost of the trainer is $50,904,612. The value of MDE on the notifica-tion is therefore revised to $412 million. The total estimated value remains $1.5 billion. (iv) Significance: This notification is being provided as the E–2D Weapon Systems Train-er was not enumerated as Major Defense Equipment in the original notification. This equipment provides the Japan Air Self De-fense Force with the capability to train Weapon System Officers on the mission sys-tems of the E–2D in a simulated environ-ment. (v) Justification: (U) This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and na-tional security of the United States. Japan is one of the major political and economic pow-ers in East Asia and the Western Pacific and a key partner of the United States in ensur-ing peace and stability in that region. It is vital to the U.S. national interest to assist Japan in developing and maintaining a strong and ready self-defense capability. This proposed sale is consistent with U.S. foreign policy and national security objec-tives and the 1960 Treaty of Mutual Coopera-tion and Security. (vi) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 1, 2016. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding’Transmittal No. 0R–16. This notification relates to enhancements or upgrades from the level of sensitivity of technology or capability described in the Section 36(b)(l) AECA certification 16–26 of 24 March 2016. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosure. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 0R–16 Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensi-tivity of Technology or Capability (Sec. 36(b)(5)(A), AECA) (i) Purchaser: United Kingdom (UK). (ii) Sec. 36(b)(l), AECA Transmittal No.: 16– 26; Date: March 24, 2016; Military Depart-ment: U.S. Navy. (iii) Description: On March 24, 2016, Con-gress was notified, by Congressional certifi-cation transmittal number 16–26, of the pos-sible sale under Section 36(b)(l) of the Arms Export Control Act of nine (9) P–8A Patrol Aircraft, which includes: Tactical Open Mis-sion Software (TOMS), Elector-Optical (EO) and Infrared (IR) MX–20HD, AN/AAQ–2(V)1 Acoustic System, AN/APY–10 Radar and ALQ–240 Electronic Support Measures (ESM). Also included were twelve (12) Multi-functional Information Distribution System (MIDS) Joint Tactical Radio Systems (JTRS), twelve (12) Guardian Laser Trans-mitter Assemblies (GLTA) for AN/AAQ– 24(V)N, twelve (12) Systems Processors for AN/AAQ–24(V)N, twelve (12) Missile Weapons Sensors for the AN/AAR–54 (for AN/AAQ– 24(V)N) and nine (9) LN–251 with Embedded Global Positioning Systems/Inertial Naviga-tions System (EGis). The total estimated major defense equipment (MDE) cost is $1.8 billion. The total estimated program cost is $3.2 billion. This transmittal reports the addition of: Two (2) Multifunctional Information Dis-tribution System (MIDS) Joint Tactical Radio Systems (JTRS), sixty (60) Missile Weapons Sensors for the AN/AAR–54 (as part of the AN/AAQ–24(V)N), and eleven (11) LN– 25ls with Embedded Global Positioning Sys-tems/Inertial Navigations Systems (EGis). There is no increase in the total MDE cost or total estimated program cost. (iv) Significance: The original notification incorrectly identified the number of units re-quired to support the UK P–8A program. Fourteen (14) MIDS JTRS units are required to ensure adequate spares. Seventy-two (72) missile warning sensors are required as each of the twelve (12) AAQ–24(V)N systems con-sist of six (6) sensors. A total of twenty (20) EGis are required, as each complete system includes two (2) EGis for a total of eighteen (18); also now inCluded is a full total system spare set of two (2) additional EGis. (v) Justification: This proposed sale will allow the UK to reestablish its Maritime Surveillance Aircraft (MSA) capability that it divested when it cancelled the Nimrod MRA4 Maritime Patrol Aircraft (MPA) pro-gram. The corrected number of units of equip-ment are required to support the UK P–8A program. (vi) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 1, 2016. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER  Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–33, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Republic of Korea for defense articles and services estimated to cost $65 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN Director. Enclosures. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Republic of Korea—SM–2 Block IIIB Standard Missiles and Containers The Republic of Korea has requested a pos-sible sale of: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.040 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4817 July 6, 2016 
Major Defense Equipment (MOE): Seventeen (17) SM–2 Block IIIB Standard Missiles. Seventeen (17) SM–2 Missile Containers. Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: personnel training and training equipment, publications and technical data, U.S. Government and contractor technical assistance, and other related logistics sup-port. The total estimated value ofMDE is $60 million. The total overall estimated value is $65 million. The Republic of Korea (ROK) is one of the major political and economic powers in East Asia and the Western Pacific and a key part-ner of the United States in ensuring peace and stability in that region. It is vita] to U.S. national interests to assist our Korean ally in developing and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability. The ROK Navy (ROKN) intends to use the SM–2 Block IIIB Standard missiles to supple-ment its existing SM–2 Block IIIA/IIIB in-ventory. The proposed sale will provide a de-fensive capability while enhancing interoper-ability with U.S. and other allied forces. The Republic of Korea will have no difficulty ab-sorbing these additional missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be the Raytheon Electronic Systems Company in Tucson, Arizona. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to the Republic of Korea. However, U.S. Government or contractor personnel in- country visits will be required on a tem-porary basis in conjunction with program technical oversight and support require-ments. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–33 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The SM–2 Block IIIB Standard Missile consists of a Guidance Unit, Dual Thrust Rocket Motor, Steering Control Unit, and Telemeter with omni-directional antenna. The proposed sale will result in the transfer of sensitive technology and information as well as classified and unclassified defense equipment and technical data. The hardware and installed software is classified SECRET. Training documentation is classified CON-FIDENTIAL. Shipboard operational/tactical employment is generally CONFIDENTIAL, but includes some SECRET data. The all-up round Standard missiles are classified CON-FIDENTIAL. Certain operating frequencies and performance characteristics are classi-fied SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be-used to develop counter-measures which might reduce system effec-tiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 3. A determination has been made that the Republic of Korea can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Republic of Korea. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER  Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN . Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–39, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Chile for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $140.1 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER ZAKRISKI , (For J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–39 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Chile. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $73.2 million. Other $66.9 million. Total $140.1 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Thirty-thirty (33) Evolved Seasparrow Mis-siles (ESSMs). Six (6) Evolved Seasparrow Telemetry Mis-siles. Three (3) MK41 Vertical Launching Sys-tems (VLS), tactical version, baseline VII. Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: Five (5) ESSM Shipping Containers, Five (5) MK–73 Continuous Wave illumination Transmitters, Ten (10) MK25 Quad Pack Containers, One (1) Inertial Mis-sile Initializer Power Supply (IMIPS), can-isters, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, technical assistance, installation and inte-gration oversight support, logistics, program management, packaging and transportation. (iv) Military Dcpm1ment: Navy. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: CI–P–AFO, P&A data. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 1, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Chile—Evolved Seasparrow Missiles (ESSMs) The Government of Chile has requested a possible sale of: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Thirty-three (33) Evolved Seasparrow Mis-siles (ESSMs). Six (6) Evolved Seasparrow Telemetry Mis-siles. Three (3) MK 41 Vertical Launching Sys-tems (VLS), tactical version, baseline VII. Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: Ten (10) MK25 Quad Pack Canisters; Five (5) ESSM Shipping Con-tainers; Five (5) MK–73 Continuous Wave Il-lumination Transmitters, One (1) Inertial Missile Initializer Power Supply (IMIPS); spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical docu-mentation, personnel training, U.S. Govern-ment and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, technical as-sistance, installation and integration over-sight support, logistics, program manage-ment, packaging and transportation. The total estimated value of MDE is $73.2 million. The total overall estimated value is $140.1 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by increasing Chile’s ability to contribute to regional security and pro-moting interoperability with the U.S. forces. The sale will provide upgraded air defense capabilities on Chile’s type 23 frigates. The proposed sale improves Chile’s capability to deter regional threats and strengthen its homeland defense. Chile will have no dif-ficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractors will be Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, Arizona, BAE Sys-tems, Aberdeen, South Dakota, and Lock-heed Martin, Bethesda, MD. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Chile. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–39 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: l. The sale of Evolved Seasparrow missiles (ESSM) under this proposed FMS case will result in the transfer of classified missile equipment to Chile. Both classified and un-classified defense equipment and technical data will be transferred. The missile includes the guidance section, warhead section, tran-sition section, propulsion section, control section and Thrust Vector Control (TVC), of which the guidance section and transition section are classified CONFIDENTIAL. Standard missile documentation to be pro-vided under this FMS case will include: a. Parametric documents classified CON-FIDENTIAL. b. Missile Handling/Maintenance Proce-dures. c. General Performance Data classified CONFIDENTIAL d. Firing Guidance classified CONFIDEN-TIAL. e. Dynamics Information classified CON-FIDENTIAL. 2. The MK 41 Vertical Launching Systems (VLS) is a fixed, vertical, multi-missile launching system with the capability to store and launch multiple missile variants depending on the warfighting mission. MK 41 VLS is a modular, below-deck configuration with each module consisting of 8 missile cells with an associated gas management and deluge system. The highest classification of the hardware to be exported is UNCLASSI-FIED. The highest classification of the tech-nical documentation to be exported is UN-CLASSIFIED. The highest classification of software to be exported is CONFIDENTIAL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.043 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4818 July 6, 2016 
3. The proposed sale of ESSM under this FMS case will result in the transfer of sen-sitive technological information and or re-stricted information contained in the missile guidance section. Certain operating fre-quencies and performance characteristics are classified SECRET because they could be used to develop tactics and/or counter-measures to reduce or defeat missile effec-tiveness. 4. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, primarily performance characteristics, engagement al-gorithms, and transmitter specific fre-quencies, the information could be used to develop countermeasures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness. 5. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 6. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Chile. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–40, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Israel for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $300 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER ZAKRISKI , (For J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–40 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Israel. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment*—$55 million. Other—$245 million. Total—$300 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twelve (12) T–700 GE 401C engines (ten (10) installed and two (2) spares) Non-MDE: This request also includes the following non MDE items: eight (8) AN/APN–194(V) Radar Altimeters, eight (8) AN/APN–217A Doppler Radar Navigation Sets, eight (8) AN/ ARN–151 (V)2 Global Positioning Systems, eight (8) AN/APX–100(V) Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) Transponder Sets, eight (8) OA–8697 A/ARD Direction Finding Groups, eight (8) AN/ARN–118(V) NAV Receivers, eight (8) AN/ARN–146 On Top Position Indi-cators, sixteen (16) 1P–1544A/ASQ–200 Hori-zontal Situation Video Displays (HSVD), eight (8) AN/ARC–174A (V)2 HF Radios, six-teen (16) AN/ARC182(V) UHF/UHF Radios, eight (8) PIN 70600–81010–011 Communication System Controllers, eight (8) GAU–16 50 Cal-iber Machine Guns, eight (8) M–60D/M–240 Machine Guns, eight (8) Internal Auxiliary Fuel Tanks, sixteen (16) External Auxiliary Fuel Tanks, and eight (8) C–11822/AWQ Con-trollers, Armament System. Also included are spares and repair parts, support and test equipment, communication equipment, ferry support, publications and technical docu-mentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex attached. (vii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 5, 2016. *as defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Israel—Excess SH–60F Sea-Hawk Helicopter equipment and support The Government of Israel has requested to procure twelve (12) T–700 GE 401C engines (ten (10) installed and two (2) spares), eight (8) AN/APN–194(V) Radar Altimeters; eight (8) AN/APN–217A Doppler Radar Navigation Sets; eight (8) AN/ARN–151 (V)2 Global Posi-tioning Systems; eight (8) AN/APX–100(V) Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) Trans-ponder Sets; eight (8) OA–8697 A/ARD Direc-tion Finding Groups; eight (8) AN/ARN– 118(V) NAV Receivers; eight (8) AN/ARN–146 On Top Position Indicators; sixteen (16) IP– 1544A/ASQ–200 Horizontal Situation Video Displays (HSVD); eight (8) AN/ARC–174A (V)2 HF Radios; sixteen (16) AN/ARC182(V) UHF/ UHF Radios; eight (8) PIN 70600–81010–011 Communication System Controllers; eight (8) GAU–16 50 Caliber Machine Guns; eight (8) M–60D/M–240 Machine Guns; eight (8) Inter-nal Auxiliary Fuel Tanks; sixteen (16) Exter-nal Auxiliary Fuel Tanks; and eight (8) C– 11822/AWQ Controllers, Armament System. Also included are spares and repair parts, support and test equipment, communication equipment, ferry support, publications and technical documentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and lo-gistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The estimated cost is $300 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a strategic regional partner, which has been, and continues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. Israel has been approved to receive eight (8) SH–60F Sea Hawk Helicopters via the Ex-cess Defense Articles (EDA) Program under a separate notification. That separate notifi-cation included only the SH–60 airframes, thus this transmittal includes all the major components and customer-unique require-ments requested to supplement the EDA grant transfer. Israel has purchased four new frigates to secure the Leviathan Natural Gas Field. The SH–60F helicopters will be used onboard these new frigates to patrol and protect these gas fields as well as other areas under threat. The proposed sale will improve Israel’s ca-pability to meet current and future threats. The SH–60F Sea-Hawk Helicopters along with the parts, systems, and support enumer-ated in this notification will provide the ca-pability to perform troop/transport deploy-ment, communications relay, gunfire sup-port, and search and rescue. Secondary mis-sions include vertical replenishment, combat search and rescue, and humanitarian mis-sions. Israel will use the enhanced capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland defense. Israel will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors will be Science and Engineering Services, LLC, Huntsville, Alabama, and General Electric (GE) of Lynn, Massachusetts. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of additional U.S. Government and/or contractor representa-tives to Israel. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–40 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The U.S. Navy primarily employed the SH–60F as an aircraft carrier based anti-sub-marine warfare aircraft and a search and res-cue support aircraft during carrier flight op-erations. Unless otherwise noted below, SH– 60F hardware and support equipment, test equipment and maintenance spares are UN-CLASSIFIED. 2. Global Positioning System (GPS)/Pre-cise Positioning Service (PPS)/Selective Availability Anti-spoofing Module (SAASM). The GPS/PPS/SAASM provides a Space- based Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) that provides reliable location and time information in all weather at all times and anywhere on or near the Earth when the signal is unobstructed line of site to four or more GPS satellites. 3. The AN/ARC–182–electronic counter- countermeasures (ECCM) Radio is a com-bined Very High Frequency (VHF)/Ultra High Frequency (UHF) military communica-tions system designed for all types of fixed- wing aircraft and helicopters. Small and light enough to be especially attractive for installation in the lighter aircraft classes, it covers the frequency bands from 30 to 88 MHz in FM, 116 to 156 MHz in AM, 156 to 174 MHz in FM and for the UHF band 225 to 400 MHz in both AM and FM modes. Additionally, a receiver-only facility covering the band 108 to 116 MHz is provided for navigation pur-poses. Channel spacing throughout the range is at 25 KHz intervals. 4. The AN/ARC–174A (V)2 HF Radio pro-vides capability to transmit and receive on Upper Sideband (USB), Lower Sideband (LSB), and Amplitude Modulation (AM). 5. A determination has been made that Government of Israel can provide substan-tially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 6. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Israel. f 
NATIONAL CONSTITUTION WEEK Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the week of Sep-tember 17, 2016, as National Constitu-tion Week. In September of 1787, our Founding Fathers signed the most influential document in American history, the U.S. Constitution. Constitution Week was first observed in 1956 with the pur-pose of celebrating this historic docu-ment and recognizing the Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.045 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4819 July 6, 2016 
as the basis for America’s great herit-age and the foundation for our way of life. In addition, this week is observed to emphasize the responsibilities of citizens for protecting and defending the Constitution and encouraging the study of the historical events which led to the framing of the Constitution. The students at Olive J. Dodge Ele-mentary in Mobile, AL, taught by Janet Leffard, annually ring bells dur-ing Constitution Week to recognize the importance of this document to our country. I would like to follow their example honoring Constitution Week and its significance. The U.S. Constitution established America’s national government and fundamental laws, while also guaran-teeing certain rights for its citizens. Out entire structure of government is directed by this brilliant charter. Though we are a relatively new nation, our Constitution is the longest existing constitution in the world. It has pro-vided us security, prosperity, stability, and freedom—qualities of life few other people in the world possess. Please join me in recognizing the week of September 17 as Constitution Week, the anniversary of the day the framers signed this great document. I thank the Chair. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 100th anni-versary of the National Park Service. On August 25, 1916, President Wood-row Wilson signed a bill creating the National Park Service to oversee the country’s parks and monuments. Since then, the National Park Service has been asked to serve generations of visi-tors by helping to provide a gateway to the wonders of our nation. Our children and grandchildren have had the oppor-tunity to experience things that can-not be fully appreciated by pictures in a book or lessons in a classroom. May that gateway remain open for the next 100 years and beyond. Now, this is something we should all celebrate, but it is especially impor-tant to me because Wyoming is home to some of the best National Park Service areas in this country, including the very first national park. Yellowstone National Park was named our first national park in 1872, well before the existence of the Na-tional Park Service. It was ‘‘set apart as a public park or pleasuring ground for the benefit and enjoyment of the people’’ for good reason. Every elemen-tary school student learns about Old Faithful, the geyser that erupts about 17 times a day at Yellowstone, but Yel-lowstone is also home to more than 60 different mammals, more than 300 dif-ferent birds, more than 15 species of fish, and 10 species of reptiles and am-phibians. Of course, Yellowstone isn’t Wyo-ming’s only national park. My home State is also home to Grand Teton Na-tional Park, which was established in 1929. In addition to boasting one of the most recognizable mountain ranges in the world, this park is home to the fa-mous Snake River. I also mentioned that the National Park Service helps to oversee national monuments. That includes the coun-try’s first national monument, which is also in Wyoming. Devils Tower was de-clared the first national monument in 1906 and is one of the most unique for-mations in the world. It is a great place for hiking, climbing, or just tak-ing in the views. Wyoming is also home to Fossil Butte National Monument, which con-tains one of the largest deposits of freshwater fish fossils in the world. At this monument, you can see fossils of everything from perch to stingrays. I would be remiss if I did not mention Fort Laramie National Historic Site in Wyoming. Fort Laramie was estab-lished as a fur trading fort in 1834 and became an Army post in 1849. The fort was the site of many important treaty negotiations and became a part of the National Park System in 1938. My home State also has the Bighorn Canyon National Recreation Area. There are about 28 miles of trails, boat-ing opportunities, and historic ranches at this national park area, which was established in 1966. These are just a few of the 412 areas managed by the National Park System, but I think they are some of the best. Wyoming is proud of its national park areas, and we are proud to celebrate the National Park Service’s centennial. I want close by acknowledging the hard work of the men and women who have maintained these special places of discovery and learning in Wyoming and across our Nation. Thank you to the over 20,000 men and women of the Na-tional Park Service who go to work each day as caretakers, craftsmen, and teachers to make America’s national parks second-to-none. Thank you. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOHNS HOPKINS AND THE CHILDREN’S MIRACLE NETWORK Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today I recognize the incredible work of the Children’s Miracle Network. Through their efforts to raise money for chil-dren’s hospitals across the United States, countless children and families have had access to lifesaving health services. One of these children is Zannah Si-mons of Baltimore, MD. As a newborn, Zannah was diagnosed with a prenatal heart defect and a hypoplastic right heart. One day, Zannah was taken to the hospital in cardiac arrest and diag-nosed with a rare bacterial infection. She was placed on a life support ma-chine that took over the function of her heart and lungs and was given 24 to 48 hours to live. However, Zannah survived, and that hospital visit marked the beginning of several serious medical procedures, in-cluding two open heart surgeries to re-pair her heart. Doctors also rec-ommended that Zannah’s parents be screened to ensure that Zannah’s heart defects weren’t genetic. As a result of the screenings, it was discovered that Zannah’s mother had hypoplastic left heart syndrome. Zannah is now a healthy and active 4-year-old who loves to dance and sing. Stories like Zannah’s highlight the im-portance of medical institutions like Johns Hopkins, where she received care, as well as the Children’s Miracle Network who helped make this access to care possible. Because of medical research, lives like Zannah’s are saved and improved. Chronic diseases are better managed. We are better able to detect diseases at their earliest and most treatable stages and people survive conditions that were once considered fatal. These im-provements did not just happen over-night; they happened because we in-vested needed resources and because we supported our Nation’s brilliant med-ical workforce. We must continue to do so. Medical research is an investment that helps Americans to live longer and with better quality of life. We must not abandon our commitment to devel-oping new techniques and technologies for curing and preventing illness. Since 1983, the Children’s Miracle Network has raised $5 billion and dis-tributed it to 170 children’s hospitals. The hospitals use these donations for uncompensated care, family lodging, and travel expenses and research. In the case of Zannah, these donations helped fund the medical equipment that ultimately saved her life. The funds that hospitals receive from the Children’s Miracle Network pro-vides a safety net to families under in-credible stress. Johns Hopkins Children’s Center and the Children’s Miracle Network played a role in saving Zannah’s life, as well as diagnosing her mother’s heart issue. This would not have been possible were it not for advances in medical research and the support that the Children’s Miracle Network provides. Every minute, 62 children enter a Children’s Miracle Network hospital. Unfortu-nately, some children are not as lucky as Zannah. Let’s continue to support medical research and family safety net programs so that all children have the opportunity to live a full and healthy life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CRUISE TRAVEL INDUSTRY Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to acknowledge the creativity and professionalism of the men and women of the cruise travel industry. Up until the early 1800s, cruise ships were pri-marily concerned with transporting mail and cargo. It wasn’t until 1818 that the first cruise ship company to transport passengers began regular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.067 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4820 July 6, 2016 
service from the United States to Eu-rope. Since then, cruising has become one of the most popular and unique methods of traveling enjoyed by my constituents and individuals and fami-lies across the country. The cruise ship industry would not have taken off if it weren’t for the dili-gent men and women who undergo a se-ries of training programs and profes-sional development to become cruise travel professionals. In 2014, the cruise industry generated approximately 375,000 American jobs and generated $46 billion in gross out-put of spending on both crew members and passengers. In New Jersey alone, the cruise industry has generated over 7,500 jobs and $451 million in income. Traveling by cruise has changed the way Americans vacation. Cruising of-fers unique amenities, activities for families, entertainment, fine dining, and experiences before the destination is even reached. This summer, as American families hopefully enjoy more leisure time, let’s thank and ac-knowledge the workers in the travel and tourism industry, including cruise travel professionals who contribute to this country’s economy. 
f 
200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TOWN OF MOSCOW, MAINE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 200th anni-versary of the town of Moscow, ME. Lying at the foothills of Maine’s West-ern Mountains and on the banks of the mighty Kennebec River, Moscow was built with a spirit of determination and resilience that still guides the commu-nity today. This bicentennial is a time to celebrate the generations of hard- working and caring people who have made it such a wonderful place to live, work, and raise families. Moscow is a small town with a big history. In the fall of 1775, Colonel Benedict Arnold—before he became a traitor—led the newly formed Conti-nental Army through the region on the ill-fated but valiant attempt to capture Quebec. While the first major military initiative of the Revolutionary War failed, it demonstrated the American resolve that would eventually bring independence. One of the oldest graves in Moscow’s Union Cemetery is that of Joseph Kirk, one of the regiment’s men, and Baker Cemetery is the final resting place of David Decker, a mem-ber of the Boston Tea Party. After independence was won, settle-ment began when two great patriots— the financier William Bingham and General Henry Knox—joined together in the famous Bingham Purchase, the acquisition of 2 million acres of Maine wilderness. Shortly afterward, the first sawmill was built, the timber industry thrived, and the population boomed. When the town was officially incor-porated on January 30, 1816, the citi-zens chose the name of their new com-munity with care, finally selecting Moscow to honor the people of the Rus-sian city who repelled Napoleon’s inva-sion in 1812 with great courage and sac-rifice. The first settlers were drawn by fer-tile soil, vast forests, and fast-moving waters, which they turned into produc-tive farms and busy mills. The wealth produced by the land and, by hard work and determination, was invested in schools and churches to create a true community. The industriousness of Moscow is demonstrated by two remarkable feats of engineering. In 1904, construction began on the Gulf Stream Trestle across Austin Stream to extend the Somerset Railroad in order to grow the logging and outdoor recreation indus-tries. Seven hundred feet long and 125 feet high, the trestle was one of the largest structures to span a river in New England. Although the trestle has been re-moved, the Wyman Dam remains one of the town’s most outstanding features, supplying power to a large part of cen-tral Maine. Replacing a natural course of rapids 140 feet high on the Kennebec River, the construction of the dam began in 1928, and the dam was in oper-ation just 2 years later. This massive project required a labor force of 2,400 workers, whose families had to be housed, so a settlement of nearly 300 homes was built, along with a school for the children. In addition to elec-tricity, the project created beautiful Wyman Lake, one of Maine’s largest lakes and a favorite recreation destina-tion. Moscow has always been a town of in-volved citizens, working hard and working together. The planning and volunteerism that have gone into this yearlong bicentennial celebration con-firm that this spirit grows only strong-er. Thanks to those who came before, Moscow has a wonderful history. Thanks to those who are there today, it has a bright future. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE YORK FIRE DEPARTMENT IN YORK, MAINE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 100th anniversary of the founding of the York Fire De-partment in the town of York, ME. It is an honor to congratulate the dedi-cated firefighters, past and present, for their skill and courage in protecting their community. The York Fire Department was es-tablished in the aftermath of a disas-trous fire at a seaside resort hotel on January 26, 1916. At that time, the only fire protection in the town was headquartered at York Beach, some 3 miles away. Although the York Beach firefighters responded valiantly, the distance, winter conditions, and inad-equate equipment prevented them from saving the large wooden structure. A town with two distinct and distant residential and commercial districts clearly needed two fire departments, so immediately after the resort fire, the York Village and Corner Ever-Ready Volunteer Fire Company was orga-nized, with Bert Newick as the first chief. Enthusiasm for this new endeav-or was so high that one writer observed that ‘‘it seemed as though three-quar-ters of the town’s eligible young men were becoming volunteer firefighters.’’ Enthusiasm remains just as high today. York Fire Department fire-fighters are true volunteers, receiving no compensation for their rigorous training and dangerous duties. In addi-tion to advanced training in fire-fighting and hazardous materials re-sponse, the majority of York’s volun-teers have EMT or paramedic certifi-cation. The department has only three paid positions to ensure that the fire station is staffed around the clock. The people of York are grateful for these efforts and have supported fund-ing for many improvements to equip-ment and facilities through the years. Individual citizens have stepped for-ward to provide such vital equipment as the department’s first two-way ra-dios in 1954 and its first fire/rescue boat in 2004. A special project of the York Fire De-partment Auxiliary, the Southern Maine Advanced Rehab Team, consists of people who want to help out but are unable to serve as firefighters. Their SMART truck provides drinking water, coffee, food, communications, and port-able radio battery charging at fire scenes, as well as misting fans to cool the firefighters. These volunteers are invaluable at any fire scene and often respond to fires in neighboring towns. Firefighters from throughout Maine will join in the centennial observance this September when the Maine State Federation of Firefighters holds its 53rd annual convention in York. The convention will coincide with the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks and will commemorate all firefighters who have lost their lives while saving the lives of others. Among those memorialized will be Lt. Wayne Fuller who was killed while responding to a fire in 1974, the only York firefighter to fall in the line of duty. America’s firefighters play a vital role in the security of our Nation and the safety of our people. Whether it is in response to a terrorist attack, a nat-ural disaster, or a fire, Americans rely on our firefighters, and our firefighters always answer the call. The firefighters of York, ME, are a shining example of that commitment, and I join the people of their town in saluting them for a century of service. 
f 
REMEMBERING MARGARET SCHLICKMAN Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, today I honor the life of Margaret Schlickman, who passed away on July 1, 2016, at the age of 86. Margaret was a 50-year resi-dent of Arlington Heights, IL, and was a mother, grandmother, dedicated con-gressional staffer, community leader, and a passionate advocate for the homeless. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.066 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4821 July 6, 2016 
Margaret was born in Rockford, IL, but later moved to Arlington Heights, and during her time there, she was an active member of St. James Catholic Church. Through the church’s out-reach, she witnessed the area’s migrant farmworkers’ housing plight and be-came a member of the inaugural Vil-lage Housing Commission in 1979. She continued in that post through 2006. Locally, she was known as the ‘‘hous-ing leader of Arlington Heights,’’ and she spent much of her time volun-teering with Public Action to Deliver Shelter, PADS, in Illinois, a provider of shelter and support services for the homeless. In 1978, Margaret joined the staff of U.S. Senator Charles Percy, and in 1980, she began working for newly elected Congressman John Porter. She retired from Congressman Porter’s of-fice in 1996 as the supervisor of con-stituent services. I first met Margaret while we were both working for Con-gressman Porter. She taught all who worked with her the important com-mitment to constituent services and lived by the premise that the con-stituent was always right unless prov-en wrong. Congressman Porter was known during his time in office for his excellent constituent service; much of this is due to the hard work and dedi-cation of Margaret, as well as the training she provided to the staffers who worked with her. She was a dedi-cated public servant, and no one epito-mized being a congressional staffer in the way Margaret Schlickman did. Margaret continued to be active in the community after she retired from Congressman Porter’s office, including in politics. When I decided to run for Congress, Margaret helped my cam-paign from the start, being an early supporter of my first congressional race. I remember fondly meeting in her kitchen in Arlington Heights at the start of my 2000 campaign, and she re-mained a true ally and friend through-out my time in office. Margaret Schlickman will be missed by her family, her community, and by me. Her legacy of service to others is one which we all should strive to meet. 
f 
REMEMBERING RON MILLER Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the life of Ron Mil-ler for his dedication to our country and his fierce advocacy on behalf of the veteran community. Mr. Miller was born January 20, 1938, in West Ridge, AR. He graduated from Mississippi County High School in 1955. He was enrolled in ROTC at Arkansas State College and continued in the pro-gram after fulfilling a 2-year require-ment. He was one of 11 cadets at the school chosen to get their private fly-ing license through an Army training program. After graduating in 1959, he was commissioned a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army. He used the skills he learned at the Jonesboro Airport as the foundation for becoming an accomplished military pilot during his three tours in Vietnam flying a Huey helicopter gunship. Ron’s helicopter was under constant hostile fire. He described his responsi-bility to the Jonesboro Sun as sup-porting ‘‘the insurgence of troops, tak-ing them out if they got injured in a battle with the enemy on the ground. It was what I trained to do, and we did it to the best part of our ability be-cause it meant the survival of our troops on the ground. That’s why we did it.’’ Among his military decorations are two Distinguished Flying Crosses and two Bronze Stars. After retiring from the military in 1980, Mr. Miller lived in Atlanta, GA. He became inspired to find a way for him and fellow Vietnam veterans to at-tend the dedication of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC. Ron accomplished this by leasing a plane from Delta Airlines and flying nearly 300 Vietnam veterans to Wash-ington to attend the dedication cere-mony. His leadership gained the attention of President Ronald Reagan who ap-pointed him executive director of the Georgia Vietnam Veterans Leadership Program, GVVLP, a State program that helped more than 3,000 veterans find full-time employment. Under Ron’s leadership, the organization re-ceived numerous accolades and was recognized by President George H.W. Bush, who presented Ron and the GVVLP with his prestigious Thousand Points of Light award for their service to veterans and their families. Ron brought the Vietnam war to the silver screen as the associate producer of ‘‘Beyond Courage—Surviving Viet-nam as POW,’’ served as master of ceremonies for the world premiere of the Golden Globe winning HBO movie, ‘‘Path to War,’’ and wrote a book about his service ‘‘Vietnam Special Flight, Inc.’’ Mr. Miller served as the national vet-eran adviser for the National League of POW-MIA Families of Southwest Asia. He also had the opportunity to visit the recovery headquarters in Hawaii and Vietnam. He returned to northeast Arkansas in 2004 and continued his commitment to veterans. He established a scholarship for Arkansas State University cadets and volunteered at the Beck PRIDE Center, among other services to our veterans. He was inducted into the Ar-kansas Military Veterans’ Hall of Fame in 2012. He spent his life showing the remarkable difference that one man can make. After a lifetime dedication to his country and his fellow veterans, Ron passed away on June 28, 2016, in Jonesboro, AR. Ron was a true American hero, not only for his heroic military service, but for the way he lived his life. He was a great example for myself and countless others. I offer my prayers and sincere condolences to his loved ones on their loss. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS TRIBUTE TO ASHLEY CLARK ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Ashley Clark for her hard work as an intern in my Cheyenne office. I recognize her ef-forts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Ashley is a native of Gillette, and a graduate of Campbell County High School. She is a senior at the Univer-sity of Wyoming, where she is studying kinesiology and health promotion. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Ashley for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOSH DILLINGER ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Josh Dillinger for his hard work as an intern in the Senate Committee on Indian Af-fairs. I recognize his efforts and con-tributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Josh is a native of Buffalo and a graduate of Buffalo High School. He currently attends the Colorado Mesa University, where he studies K–12 art education. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Josh for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NICK DILLINGER ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Nick Dillinger for his hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recog-nize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Nick is a native of Gillette and a graduate of Campbell County High School. He recently graduated from UC Berkeley, where he studied the globalization of energy. He will be at-tending law school this fall. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:04 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.070 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4822 July 6, 2016 
I want to thank Nick for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AARON EGER ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Aaron Eger for his hard work as an intern in my Casper office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Aaron is a sophomore at Casper Col-lege, where he is studying inter-national studies. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Aaron for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHASE GOODNIGHT ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Chase Goodnight for his hard work as an in-tern in the Senate Committee on In-dian Affairs. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Chase is a native of Oklahoma and a graduate of the University of Okla-homa. He currently attends the Univer-sity of Oklahoma College of Law. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Chase for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLTON M CCABE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Colton McCabe for his hard work as an intern in my Cheyenne office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Colton is a graduate of Howard Payne University, where he studied po-litical science. He recently completed his first year of school at the Univer-sity of Wyoming School of Law. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Colton for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO CHASSIDY MENARD ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Chassidy Menard for her hard work as an intern in my Sheridan office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Chassidy is a native of Lafayette, LA. She is a junior at Wyoming Catho-lic College, where she studies liberal arts. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an in-valuable asset to our office. The qual-ity of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Chassidy for the dedication she has shown while work-ing for me and my staff. It was a pleas-ure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TIFFANY MORTIMORE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Tiffany Mortimore for her hard work as an in-tern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Tiffany is a native of Thermopolis and a graduate of Hot Springs County High School. She is currently studying business administration at Laramie County Community College. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Tiffany for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ASHLEE PATRICELLI ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Ashlee Patricelli for her hard work as an in-tern in my Casper office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my of-fice, as well as to the State of Wyo-ming. Ashlee lives in Casper, where she is currently studying business adminis-tration at Casper College. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Ashlee for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO TANNER PETERSEN ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Tanner Pe-tersen for her hard work as an intern in my Rock Springs office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Tanner is a native of Ferron, UT. She is a sophomore at Western Wyoming Community College, where she is cur-rently studying political science and communications. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Tanner for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ASHLEY SAULCY ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Ashley Saulcy for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recog-nize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Ashley is a native of Casper and a graduate of Kelly Walsh High School. She recently graduated from the Uni-versity of Wyoming, where she received a bachelor’s degree in international re-lations. She will attend graduate school at Syracuse University this fall. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invalu-able asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great ef-forts over the last several months. I want to thank Ashley for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY SPIEGELBERG ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Emily Spiegelberg for her hard work as an in-tern in the Republican policy com-mittee. I recognize her efforts and con-tributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.062 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4823 July 6, 2016 
Emily is a native of Sheridan and a graduate of Sheridan High School. She is currently a sophomore at the Uni-versity of Wyoming, where she is ma-joring in kinesiology. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Emily for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JENIELLE STOUT ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Jenielle Stout for her hard work as an intern in the Republican Policy Committee. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Jenielle is a native of Casper and a graduate of Natrona County High School. She is currently a sophomore at the University of Colorado at Colo-rado Springs, where she is majoring in mechanical engineering. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Jenielle for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. TERRY TODD AND DR. MARK DeHART ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, along with my colleague Senator J
IMRISCH, I wish to honor Dr. Terry Todd and Dr. Mark DeHart, researchers at the Idaho National Laboratory, INL. The Amer-ican Nuclear Society, ANS, recently recognized both as Fellows, which is the highest honor ANS bestows on an individual. These two world-class re-searchers are being recognized for their outstanding leadership, professional accomplishments, and service to the profession. Dr. Terry Todd is the INL Fuel Cycle Science & Technology Director and an INL Laboratory Fellow. Terry’s pri-mary focus is directing research and development of advanced technologies for spent nuclear fuel recycling and other chemical separation applica-tions. Dr. Todd holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees in chemical engineer-ing from Montana State University and a Ph.D. in radiochemical engineering from Khlopin Radium Institute in St. Petersburg, Russia. Terry has 33 years of experience in chemical separation technologies involving spent nuclear fuel and radioactive waste, holds 23 U.S. patents and 6 Russian patents, and has published more than 180 journal ar-ticles, reports, and conference pro-ceedings. Dr. Mark DeHart is a distinguished R&D nuclear engineer in the INL’s Re-actor Physics Analysis and Design De-partment, and he also serves as deputy director for Reactor Physics Modeling and Simulation. Mark is the principal investigator and research director for development and validation of a mod-eling and simulation capability for the Transient Reactor Test Facility, TREAT, under the U.S. Department of Energy Nuclear Energy Advanced Mod-eling and Simulation program, NEAMS. Dr. DeHart came to the INL in 2010 from Oak Ridge National Lab-oratory, and he has extensive experi-ence in reactor physics, criticality safety, depletion and spent fuel charac-terization, cross-section processing, and computer code verification and validation. Mark holds bachelor’s, mas-ter’s, and Ph.D. degrees in nuclear en-gineering from Texas A&M University and is the current chair of the Idaho Section of the ANS. Dr. DeHart has more than 100 publications in journals, conference proceedings, and national laboratory reports related to computa-tional methods and other fields. Congratulating Dr. Terry Todd and Dr. Mark DeHart for receiving this prestigious recognition is a great honor and a reminder of the many talented Idahoans working at the INL. The men and women who do exceptional re-search, development, and testing at the Idaho National Laboratory are greatly deserving of recognition. Thank you, Terry and Mark, for your hard work, and congratulations on your many ac-complishments.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN L. MARTIN ∑Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to express my thanks and appreciation to John L. Martin for the excellent job he has done as director of San Francisco International Airport. After more than 30 years of public serv-ice, Mr. Martin will be retiring this summer. John has served as airport director since November 1995 and has been with the airport since 1981. He was the founding president of the California Airports Council, a statewide consor-tium of 30 commercial airports that was formed in December 2009, and serves on the executive committee of the Bay Area Council, as well as the board of directors of San Francisco Travel. John also served as a past member of the board of directors and vice president of the Airports Council International-Pacific Region and was a former board member of ACI-North America. During his tenure at SFO, the airport has undergone a truly impressive series of expansions and improvements. John oversaw one of the largest public works projects in the country at the time: the $2.4 billion SFO Master Plan, which in-cluded the construction of the new international terminal, a BART sta-tion linking the airport to the Bay Area, and the AirTrain light-rail sys-tem connecting all terminals. Other more recent SFO accomplish-ments include a new terminal 2—the first and only LEED Gold terminal in the United States—and the completion of a new Federal Aviation Administra-tion Air Traffic Control tower that was completely designed and built by air-port staff. Under his leadership, the airport is currently undertaking a $4.3 billion 10- year capital improvement plan, includ-ing a new four-star on-airport hotel, the redevelopment of terminal 1 and terminal 3, as well as an extension of the AirTrain system to the long-term parking garage. By the time the cap-ital project is complete in 2023, it is an-ticipated that it will have created more than 36,000 jobs over the 10-year period. John exemplifies excellence in public service. Under his guidance, San Fran-cisco International Airport has truly flourished. I thank him for his tireless efforts on behalf of the city and county of San Francisco and the Bay Area re-gion. Again, I congratulate John Martin on a job well done and wish him a long and healthy retirement.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO TRENTON ALENIK ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate an extremely tal-ented athlete and dedicated mentor, Trenton Alenik, who has gone above and beyond in his endeavors to help Ne-vada’s youth. Recently, Mr. Alenik was recognized for his work by the U.S. Tennis Association with the Sandy Tueller Service Award. It gives me great pleasure to recognize him for this much-deserved accolade. Mr. Alenik first became interested in the Marty Hennessy Inspiring Children Foundation as a teenager when he began volunteering for the organiza-tion to earn his tennis scholarship. During this time, he became increas-ingly involved with the foundation by organizing events and trips and men-toring children. After a successful col-legiate tennis career at Villanova Uni-versity, he returned to Las Vegas to once again be involved with the foun-dation. Since that time, Mr. Alenik has climbed the ladder and now leads the organization as executive director. In this role, he spearheads development of various educational programs, leader-ship programs, and organizes trips to help provide students the opportunity for higher education. I am grateful to have someone of such dedication work-ing on behalf of Nevada’s youth. The great State of Nevada is fortunate to have Mr. Alenik leading the way at this important foundation. The Marty Hennessy Inspiring Chil-dren Foundation was initially created to motivate children through men-toring, education, tennis, and helping 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:04 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.059 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4824 July 6, 2016 
support those children who lacked the finances and resources to participate in sports tournaments. The foundation now aids nearly 500 students and has grown to help support students in their ambitions to attend a college or uni-versity. The organization provides nu-merous programs to students, includ-ing SAT preparatory classes, tutoring, career-focused programs, athletic pro-grams, and leadership programs. Those working at this organization, including Mr. Alenik, stand as role models in helping our community. Mr. Alenik should be commended for the time and effort he has put forth to accomplish the mission of this fine organization. Today I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in congratulating Mr. Alenik on receiving this pres-tigious award and in thanking him for all of his hard work. I am honored to call him a fellow Nevadan, and I wish him the best of luck as he continues in his endeavors with the Marty Hennessy Inspiring Children Foundation. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARI KAY BICKETT ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Mari Kay Bickett on her retirement after serving as chief executive officer of the National Coun-cil of Juvenile and Family Court Judges, NCJFCJ, for over 5 years. It gives me great pleasure to recognize her years of hard work and commit-ment to making this organization the best it can be. Prior to her work with the NCJFCJ, Ms. Bickett served as academic direc-tor for the National Judicial College in Reno, in addition to practicing law in northern Nevada. She also served as a judge pro tem in the Reno Municipal Courts, on the Continuing Legal Edu-cation Committee of the State Bar of Nevada, and as president of the North-ern Nevada Women Lawyers Associa-tion. She later served as the chief exec-utive officer of the Texas Center for the Judiciary, which specializes in ju-dicial education and training for trial and appellate judges. Ms. Bickett joined the NCJFCJ as chief executive officer in April 2011 to help families throughout Nevada and across the Nation. The council’s mis-sion is to support judges throughout the United States who are working to improve the outcomes for children, families, and victims of domestic vio-lence. The NCJFCJ works to do this by providing education, technical assist-ance, and research to courts. Annually, the council aids nearly 300,000 profes-sionals in the juvenile and family jus-tice system. Under Ms. Bickett’s lead-ership, NCJFCJ secured 23 grant awards, a record-setting total for the council, which provided more than $11.3 million in funding and created an eco-nomic impact of $16 million in the great State of Nevada. Ms. Bickett also served as a liaison on the Federal level, working with pol-icymakers to help push legislation for survivors of child sex trafficking, do-mestic abuse, maltreatment, and ne-glect. She truly served as a staunch supporter of those in need, and her dedication with the NCJFCJ will be sorely missed. I am thankful to have had her working on behalf of Nevadans for over half a decade. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in thanking Ms. Bickett for her dedication to helping children and families throughout Nevada and across the Nation. She exemplifies the highest standards of leadership and service and should be proud of her long and mean-ingful career. I am proud to call her a fellow Nevadan and wish her well in all of her future endeavors.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL REESE ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Michael Reese, chairman of Fort Polk Progress, who received the 2016 National Community Leader-ship Award from the Association of De-fense Communities. Originally from Leesville, LA, Reese attended Leesville High School and later graduated at the University of Louisiana at Monroe. In 2006, he was one of the founders of Fort Polk Progress, a regional organization that supports Fort Polk and the Joint Read-iness Training Center. With his roots in the Fort Polk area, Reese set out to ensure that military families would be heard in decisions taking place at the fort. Through his hard work over the years, Michael has fought to support the needs of the base, while also ad-dressing the needs of the community. In recent years, he worked with na-tional leaders to obtain a new elemen-tary school for Fort Polk that will serve more than 800 students and will open later in this year. Also, Michael helped ensure quality healthcare re-mains available on base with his work to help save the hospital from being downgraded to a clinic. Michael Reese’s dedication to mili-tary families and his public service are seen in the day-to-day work he per-forms for his community. In addition to serving as the CEO of American Moving and Storage, Inc., he serves as a member of the Leesville Lions Club, the Association of Defense Commu-nities, Association of the United States Army, Vernon Chamber of Commerce, Central Louisiana Chamber of Com-merce, Beauregard Chamber of Com-merce, and Southwest Louisiana Eco-nomic Development Alliance. In addi-tion, he serves on the board of direc-tors of Merchants and Farmers Bank, the board of trustees of the Rapides Foundation, and the board of the Cen-tral Louisiana Economic Development Alliance, and he is a charter member of the Louisiana Military Affairs Council. With his unique leadership skills, he continues to keep quality of life issues a top priority on base, including his continued work to ensure that our local military men and women and their families get the quality health care they deserve. Michael Reese has clearly earned the honor of the Na-tional Community Leadership Award from the Association of Defense Com-munities, and I thank him for his dedi-cated service to Fort Polk, its military and civilian employees, and to the State of Louisiana.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on June 30, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARRIS ) has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2328. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on June 30, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:45 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1838. An act to establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Be-nito and Fresno Counties, California, to des-ignate the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness in such counties, and for other purposes. H.R. 2273. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to amend the Definite Plan Report for the Seedskadee Project to enable the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir. H.R. 3079. An act to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, Cali-fornia, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, and for other purposes. H.R. 3844. An act to establish the Bureau of Land Management Foundation to encourage, obtain, and use gifts, devises, and bequests for projects for the benefit of, or in connec-tion with, activities and services of the Bu-reau of Land Management, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4538. An act to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who disclose po-tential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. H.R. 4539. An act to establish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 4582. An act to exclude striped bass from the anadromous fish doubling require-ment in section 3406(b)(1) of the Central Val-ley Project Improvement Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 4685. An act to take certain Federal lands located in Tulare County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tule River Indian Tribe, and for other purposes. H.R. 4854. An act to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the defini-tion of an investment company. H.R. 4855. An act to amend provisions in the securities laws relating to regulation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.075 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4825 July 6, 2016 
crowdfunding to raise the dollar amount limit and to clarify certain requirements and exclusions for funding portals established by such Act. H.R. 4875. An act to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 5210. An act to improve access to du-rable medical equipment for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. H.R. 5244. An act to provide for the estab-lishment of a national memorial and na-tional monument to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other pur-poses. 
The message further announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill (H.R. 3766) to direct the President to estab-lish guidelines for United States for-eign development and economic assist-ance and programs, and for other pur-poses, and that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the aforementioned bill. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1838. An act to establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Be-nito and Fresno Counties, California, to des-ignate the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness in such counties, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 3844. An act to establish the Bureau of Land Management Foundation to encourage, obtain, and use gifts, devises, and bequests for projects for the benefit of, or in connec-tion with, activities and services of the Bu-reau of Land Management, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4539. An act to establish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 4582. An act to exclude striped bass from the anadromous fish doubling require-ment in section 3406(b)(1) of the Central Val-ley Project Improvement Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 4685. An act to take certain Federal lands located in Tulare County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tule River Indian Tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. H.R. 5210. An act to improve access to du-rable medical equipment for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. H.R. 5244. An act to provide for the estab-lishment of a national memorial and na-tional monument to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 3110. A bill to provide for reforms of the administration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the development of geothermal, solar, and wind energy on public land, and for other pur-poses. The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2273. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to amend the Definite Plan Report for the Seedskadee Project to enable the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on June 30, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2328. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6000. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Rural Housing Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commu-nity Facility Loans’’ ((7 CFR Part 1942) (RIN0575–AD05)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 5, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6001. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Land and Minerals Man-agement, Office of Surface Mining Reclama-tion and Enforcement, Department of the In-terior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Penalties Infla-tion Adjustments’’ ((RIN1029–AC72) (Docket ID OSM–2016–0008)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 5, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–6002. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘BWR Vessel and In-ternal Project: Thermal Aging and Neutron Embrittlement Evaluation of Cast Aus-tenitic Stainless Steel for BWR Internals’’ (BWRVIP–234) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6003. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Review Plan for Renewal of Specific Licenses and Certificates of Compliance for Dry Storage of Spent Nuclear Fuel’’ (NUREG–1927, Revi-sion 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6004. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Chief Financial Officer, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjustment of Civil Penalties for Inflation’’ ((RIN3150–AJ72) (NRC–2016–0057)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 5, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6005. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additive Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Chro-mium Propionate; Extension of the Com-ment Period’’ (Docket No. FDA–2014–F–0232) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6006. A communication from the Chair-man, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘Preventing Nepotism in the Federal Civil Service’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6007. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, National Legislative Division, The American Legion, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the financial condition of The American Legion as of De-cember 31, 2015 and 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6008. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (33); Amdt. No. 3694’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6009. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (127); Amdt. No. 3693’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6010. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace for the following Tennessee Towns; Jackson, TN; Tri-Cities, TN’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0735)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6011. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Walla Walla, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3675)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6012. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace for the following Oklahoma towns; Antlers, OK; Oklahoma City, OK; Oklahoma City Wiley Post Airport, OK; and Shawnee, OK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7857)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:04 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.012 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4826 July 6, 2016 
EC–6013. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Lisbon, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–5800)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6014. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Harlan, KY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–3108)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6015. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following South Dakota Towns; Belle Fourche, SD; Madison, SD; Mobrigde, SD; and Vermillion, SD’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 0525)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6016. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Ash Flat, AR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–4235)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6017. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Taos, NM’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0526)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6018. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Clovis, NM’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0449)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6019. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–8426)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6020. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3990)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6021. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–5811)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6022. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4808)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6023. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8427)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6024. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0250)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6025. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7528)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6026. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4815)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6027. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0006)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6028. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7528)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6029. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–6147)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6030. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3982)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6031. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–6149)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6032. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3141)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6033. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2462)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6034. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0247)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6035. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0246)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6036. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.017 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4827 July 6, 2016 
Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–6548)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6037. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0496)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6038. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1273)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6039. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–5812)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6040. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8431)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6041. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3634)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6042. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Type Certificate Previously Held by Eurocopter France)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3741)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6043. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Deutsch-land GmbH (Previously Eurocopter Deutsch-land GmbH) (Airbus Helicopters)’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0903)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6044. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–8430)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6045. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; BLANIK LIMITED Gliders’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–4231)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6046. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Viking Air Limited Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–6628)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6047. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; M7 Aerospace LLC Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–4256)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6048. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Defense and Space S.A. (Formerly Known as Construcciones Aeronauticas, S.A.) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8465)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6049. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0338)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6050. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–7490)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6051. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–2859)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6052. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Air-craft Systems’’ ((RIN2120–AJ60) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0150)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6053. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Flight Simulation Training Device Qualification Standards for Extended Envelope and Ad-verse Weather Event Training Tasks’’ (RIN2120–AK08) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6054. A communication from the Chief of the Policy and Rules Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Parts 0, 1, 2, and 15 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Authoriza-tion of Radiofrequency Equipment and Amendment of Part 68 Regarding Approval of Terminal Equipment by Telecommuni-cations Certification Bodies’’ ((ET Doc. No. 13–44) (FCC 16–74)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2375. A bill to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling excess Federal tan-gible property, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–291). S. 2450. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to address administrative leave for Federal employees, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–292). By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Report to accompany S. 1470, A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide ad-ditional assistance to small business con-cerns for disaster recovery, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–293). By Mr. ROBERTS, from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with-out amendment: S. 3136. An original bill to reauthorize child nutrition programs, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.019 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4828 July 6, 2016 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Andrew Mayock, of Illinois, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Manage-ment and Budget. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Carole Schwartz Rendon, of Ohio, to be United States Attorney for the Northern Dis-trict of Ohio for the term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. U DALL , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. C
RAPO ): S. 3126. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 respecting the scoring of preventive health savings; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , and Mr. F LAKE ): S. 3127. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Na-tive American cultural objects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 3128. A bill to improve transparency re-garding the activities of the American Red Cross; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Mr. M ORAN , and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 3129. A bill to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. P ORTMAN ): S. 3130. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a perma-nent Independence at Home medical practice program under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 3131. A bill to ensure the use of Amer-ican iron and steel in public water systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 3132. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide service dogs to certain vet-erans with severe post-traumatic stress dis-order; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 3133. A bill to amend the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to require States to report on the adminis-tration of certain fees; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mrs. MURRAY ): S. 3134. A bill to improve Federal popu-lation surveys by requiring the collection of voluntary, self-disclosed information on sex-ual orientation and gender identity in cer-tain surveys, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. S COTT, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. P ERDUE , and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. 3135. A bill to prohibit any officer or em-ployee of the Federal Government who has exercised extreme carelessness in the han-dling of classified information from being granted or retaining a security clearance; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. ROBERTS: S. 3136. An original bill to reauthorize child nutrition programs, and for other pur-poses; from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; placed on the cal-endar. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCAIN: S. Con. Res. 42. A concurrent resolution to express the sense of Congress regarding the safe and expeditious resettlement to Albania of all residents of Camp Liberty; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 6 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 6, a bill to reform our government, reduce the grip of special interest, and return our democracy to the American people through increased transparency and oversight of our elections and govern-ment. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 469 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 469, a bill to improve the reproduc-tive assistance provided by the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other purposes. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 689, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine profes-sionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. S. 1200 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1200, a bill to promote competi-tion and help consumers save money by giving them the freedom to choose where they buy prescription pet medi-cations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1566 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1566, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require group and individual health insurance coverage and group health plans to pro-vide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider. 
S. 1609 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1609, a bill to provide support for the development of middle school career exploration programs linked to career and technical education programs of study. 
S. 1970 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1970, a bill to establish national pro-cedures for automatic voter registra-tion for elections for Federal Office. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2031, a bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2042, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen pro-tections for employees wishing to advo-cate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHN-
SON) were added as cosponsors of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.022 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4829 July 6, 2016 
and development of disease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related demen-tia, to encourage efforts to enhance de-tection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the quality and effi-ciency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2178 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2178, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain provisions of the Heartland, Habitat, Harvest, and Horticulture Act of 2008 relating to timber, and for other purposes. 
S. 2193 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2193, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 2216 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2216, a bill to provide im-munity from suit for certain individ-uals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citi-zens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2230 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2230, a bill to require the Secretary of State to submit a report to Congress on the designation of the Muslim Brotherhood as a foreign terrorist or-ganization, and for other purposes. 
S. 2526 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2526, a bill to improve the competitiveness of United States manufacturing by designating and sup-porting manufacturing communities, and for other purposes. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Ne-braska (Mr. S
ASSE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in com-merce-related or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions ac-tivities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Ken-tucky (Mr. P
AUL), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the rail-road track maintenance credit. 
S. 2631 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2631, a bill to amend the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 to define envi-ronmental intervention blood lead level, and for other purposes. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OT-
TON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2795 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2795, a bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. 
S. 2800 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Or-egon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2800, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from income for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become disabled. 
S. 2868 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2868, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the deferral of inclusion in gross income for capital gains rein-vested in economically distressed zones. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the names of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Sen-ator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Se-curity Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2912, a bill to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by pa-tients diagnosed with a terminal ill-ness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. S. 2927 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2927, a bill to prevent governmental discrimination against providers of health services who decline involve-ment in abortion, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2997 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2997, a bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes. 
S. 3032 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3032, a bill to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2016, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 3039 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3039, a bill to support programs for mosquito-borne and other vector-borne disease surveillance and control. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 3057, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from re-quiring that the identity of contribu-tors to 501(c) organizations be included in annual returns. 
S. 3060 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3060, a bill to provide an exception from certain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reimbursement ar-rangements. 
S. 3083 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3083, a bill to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of var-ious housing programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 3092 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3092, a bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.025 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4830 July 6, 2016 
S. 3100 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3100, a bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Fed-eral officials to protect our commu-nities from violent criminals and sus-pected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. 
S. 3106 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3106, a bill to provide a coordinated regional response to effec-tively manage the endemic violence and humanitarian crisis in El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. 
S.J. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 35, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Interpretation of the ‘Advice’ Exemp-tion in Section 203(c) of the Labor- Management Reporting and Disclosure Act’’. 
S. RES. 349 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 349, a resolution congratulating the Farm Credit System on the cele-bration of its 100th anniversary. 
S. RES. 482 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 482, a resolution urg-ing the European Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and to increase pressure on the organization and its members to the fullest extent possible. At the request of Mr. N
ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 482, supra. 
S. RES. 517 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 517, a resolution designating September 2016 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Aware-ness Month’’. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 42—TO EXPRESS THE SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARD-ING THE SAFE AND EXPEDI-TIOUS RESETTLEMENT TO ALBA-NIA OF ALL RESIDENTS OF CAMP LIBERTY Mr. M
CCAIN submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 42 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SAFE RESETTLEMENT OF CAMP LIBERTY RESIDENTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) work with the Government of Iraq and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to ensure that all resi-dents of Camp Liberty are safely and expedi-tiously resettled in Albania; (2) work with the Government of Iraq, the Government of Albania, and the UNHCR to prevent the Government of Iran from inter-vening in the resettlement process by abus-ing international organizations, including Interpol and other organizations of which the United States is a member; (3) urge the Government of Iraq to take prompt and appropriate steps in accordance with international agreements to promote the physical security and protection of resi-dents of Camp Liberty during the resettle-ment process, including steps to ensure that the personnel responsible for providing secu-rity at Camp Liberty are adequately vetted to determine that they are not affiliated with the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps’ Qods Force; (4) urge the Government of Iraq to ensure continued and reliable access to food, clean water, medical assistance, electricity and other energy needs, and any other equipment and supplies necessary to sustain the resi-dents during the resettlement process; (5) work with the Government of Iraq to make all reasonable efforts to facilitate the sale of residents’ property and assets remain-ing at Camp Ashraf and Camp Liberty for the purpose of funding their cost of living and resettlement out of Iraq; (6) work with the Government of Iraq and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to ensure that Camp Lib-erty residents may exercise full control of all personal assets in Camp Liberty and the former Camp Ashraf as the residents deem necessary; (7) assist, and maintain close and regular communication with the UNHCR for the pur-pose of expediting the ongoing resettlement of all residents of Camp Liberty, without ex-ception, to Albania; (8) urge the Government of Albania, and the UNHCR to ensure the continued recogni-tion of the resettled residents as ‘‘persons of concern’’ entitled to international protec-tions according to principles and standards in the Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, done at Geneva July 28, 1951, and the International Bill of Human Rights; and (9) work with the Government of Albania and the UNHCR to facilitate and provide suitable locations for housing of the remain-ing Camp Liberty residents in Albania until such time when the residents become self- sufficient in meeting their residential needs in Albania. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4947. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4948. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4949. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4950. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4951. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4952. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4953. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4954. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4955. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4956. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. S ASSE, and Mrs. F ISCHER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2193, to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reen-ter the United States after being removed and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4957. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. S ASSE, and Mrs. F ISCHER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 3100, to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4958. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4959. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4960. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.027 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4831 July 6, 2016 
ROBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4961. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4962. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4963. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4964. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4965. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4966. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4967. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4968. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4969. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4970. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4971. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4972. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4947. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 12, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: ‘‘(5) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES PROHIBITED .— There shall be no Federal or State criminal penalty imposed against any person who vio-lates this subtitle.’’. 
SA 4948. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘GMO Label-ing Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are to— (1) establish a system by which people may make informed decisions about the food they purchase and consume and by which, if they choose, people may avoid food produced from genetic engineering; (2) inform the purchasing decisions of con-sumers who are concerned about the poten-tial environmental effects of the production of food from genetic engineering; (3) reduce and prevent consumer confusion and deception by prohibiting the labeling of products produced from genetic engineering as ‘‘natural’’ and by promoting the disclo-sure of factual information on food labels to allow consumers to make informed deci-sions; and (4) provide consumers with data from which they may make informed decisions for religious reasons. 
SEC. 3. LABELING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter IV of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 424. LABELING OF FOOD PRODUCED WITH GENETIC ENGINEERING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (d), any food that is entirely or partially produced with genetic engineering and offered for retail sale after January 1, 2017, shall be labeled or shall be displayed, as applicable, in accordance with subsection (b). ‘‘(b) L
ABELING REQUIREMENTS .—In the case of a food described in subsection (a), the manufacturer or retailer shall ensure that such food is labeled or displayed in accord-ance with the following: ‘‘(1) M
ANUFACTURERS .— ‘‘(A) R
AW AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES .—In the case of a packaged raw agricultural com-modity, the manufacturer shall label the package offered for retail sale, in a clear and conspicuous manner, with the words ‘pro-duced with genetic engineering’. ‘‘(B) P
ROCESSED FOOD .—In the case of any processed food that contains a product or products of genetic engineering, the manu-facturer shall label the package in which the processed food is offered for sale, in a clear and conspicuous manner, with the words: ‘Partially produced with genetic engineer-ing’, ‘May be produced with genetic engi-neering’, or ‘Produced with genetic engineer-ing’, as applicable. ‘‘(2) R
ETAILERS .—In the case of any raw ag-ricultural commodity that is not separately packaged, the retailer shall post a label ap-pearing on the retail store shelf or bin in which the commodity is displayed for sale, in a clear and conspicuous manner, with the words ‘produced with genetic engineering’. ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITED LABELING .—Except as pro-vided in subsection (d), a manufacturer or re-tailer of a food produced entirely or in part from genetic engineering shall not label the product on the package, in signage, or in ad-vertising as ‘natural’, ‘naturally made’, ‘nat-urally grown’, ‘all natural’, or using any words of similar import that would have a tendency to mislead a consumer. ‘‘(d) E
XEMPTIONS .—The labeling require-ments of subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to the following: ‘‘(1) Food consisting entirely of, or derived entirely from, an animal that has not itself been produced with genetic engineering, re-gardless of whether the animal has been fed or injected with any food, drug, or other sub-stance produced with genetic engineering. ‘‘(2) A raw agricultural commodity or proc-essed food derived from a raw agricultural commodity that has been grown, raised, or produced without the knowing or intentional use of food or seed produced with genetic en-gineering, except that the exception de-scribed in this paragraph shall apply only if the person otherwise responsible for com-plying with the requirements of subsection (b) with respect to a raw agricultural com-modity or processed food obtains, from whomever sold the raw agricultural com-modity or processed food to that person, a sworn statement that the raw agricultural commodity or processed food has not been knowingly or intentionally produced with genetic engineering and has been segregated from and has not been knowingly or inten-tionally commingled with food that may have been produced with genetic engineering at any time. In providing such a sworn state-ment, any person may rely on a sworn state-ment from a direct supplier that contains such an affirmation. ‘‘(3) Animal feed. ‘‘(4) A processed food that would be subject to such requirements solely because such food includes one or more processing aids or enzymes produced with genetic engineering. ‘‘(5) Alcoholic beverages. ‘‘(6) A processed food that would be subject to such requirements solely because such food includes one or more materials that have been produced with genetic engineer-ing, provided that the genetically engineered materials in the aggregate do not account for more than 0.9 percent of the total weight of the processed food. ‘‘(7) Food that an independent organization has verified has not been knowingly or inten-tionally produced from or commingled with food or seed produced with genetic engineer-ing. The Secretary, shall approve, by regula-tion, any independent organizations from which verification shall be acceptable under this paragraph. ‘‘(8) Food that is not packaged for retail sale and that is— ‘‘(A) a processed food prepared and in-tended for immediate human consumption; or ‘‘(B) served, sold, or otherwise provided in a restaurant or other establishment in which food is served for immediate human con-sumption. ‘‘(9) Medical food, as that term is defined in section 5(b) of the Orphan Drug Act. ‘‘(e) DISCLAIMER .—The Secretary may, through regulation, require that labeling re-quired under this section include a dis-claimer that the Food and Drug Administra-tion does not consider foods produced from genetic engineering to be materially dif-ferent from other foods. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘enzyme’ means a protein that catalyzes chemical reactions of other substances without itself being destroyed or altered upon completion of the reactions; ‘‘(2) the term ‘genetic engineering’ is a process by which a food is produced from an organism or organisms in which the genetic material has been changed through the ap-plication of— ‘‘(A) in vitro nucleic acid techniques, in-cluding recombinant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) techniques and the direct injection of nucleic acid into cells or organelles; or ‘‘(B) fusion of cells (including protoplast fusion) or hybridization techniques that overcome natural physiological, reproduc-tive, or recombination barriers, where the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.029 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4832 July 6, 2016 
donor cells or protoplasts do not fall within the same taxonomic group, in a way that does not occur by natural multiplication or natural recombination; ‘‘(3) the term ‘in vitro nucleic acid tech-niques’ means techniques, including recom-binant DNA or ribonucleic acid techniques, that use vector systems and techniques in-volving the direct introduction into the or-ganisms of hereditary materials prepared outside the organisms such as micro-injec-tion, chemoporation, electroporation, micro- encapsulation, and liposome fusion; ‘‘(4) the term ‘organism’ means any bio-logical entity capable of replication, repro-duction, or transferring of genetic material; ‘‘(5) the term ‘processing aid’ means— ‘‘(A) a substance that is added to a food during the processing of the food but that is removed in some manner from the food be-fore the food is packaged in its finished form; ‘‘(B) a substance that is added to a food during processing, is converted into con-stituents normally present in the food, and does not significantly increase the amount of the constituents naturally found in the food; or ‘‘(C) a substance that is added to a food for its technical or functional effect in the proc-essing but is present in the finished food at levels that do not have any technical or functional effect in that finished food. ‘‘(g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—This section shall not be construed to require— ‘‘(1) the listing or identification of any in-gredient or ingredients that were genetically engineered; or ‘‘(2) the placement of the term ‘genetically engineered’ immediately preceding any com-mon name or primary product descriptor of a food.’’. (b) P
ENALTIES .—Section 303 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 333) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h)(1) A manufacturer who introduces or delivers for introduction into interstate commerce any food, the labeling of which is not in compliance with the applicable re-quirements of section 424, or a retailer who sells or offers for retail sale a food, the dis-play for which is not in compliance with the applicable requirements of section 424, shall be liable for a civil penalty of not more than $1,000 per day, for each uniquely named, des-ignated, or marketed food with respect to which such manufacturer or retailer is not in compliance. Calculation of the civil penalty shall not be made or multiplied by the num-ber of individual packages of the same prod-uct introduced or delivered for introduction into interstate commerce, or displayed or of-fered for retail sale. ‘‘(2) A person who knowingly provides a false statement under section 424(d)(4) that a raw agricultural commodity or processed food has not been knowingly or intentionally produced with genetic engineering and has been segregated from and has not been know-ingly or intentionally commingled with food that may have been produced with genetic engineering at any time shall be liable for a civil penalty of not more than $100,000.’’. 
SA 4949. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 5, strike lines 1 through 4 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(B) establish that any food that contains a bioengineered substance in an amount that is at least 0.9 percent of the food shall be considered a bioengineered food;’’. SA 4950. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 9, line 17, insert ‘‘, and any com-pany manufacturing or marketing a product with a quick response code may not coordi-nate with a company selling a product with a quick response code in order to track con-sumers or better market to consumers’’ after ‘‘consumers’’. On page 9, line 21, after the semicolon, in-sert the following: ‘‘and ‘‘(C) information described in subpara-graph (A) may be collected and kept only with respect to consumers who opt in to that collection, and a consumer’s decision to not opt in to such collection shall not be the basis for a company to withhold information such company is otherwise required to dis-close under this subtitle;’’. On page 10, between lines 3 and 4, insert the following: ‘‘(e) P
ERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMA -
TION.—For purposes of subsection (d)(3), the term ‘personally identifiable information’ means— ‘‘(1) any representation of information that allows the identity of an individual to whom the information applies to be reasonably in-ferred by either direct or indirect means; or ‘‘(2) information— ‘‘(A) that directly identifies an individual (such as a name, address, social security number, or other identifying number or code, telephone number, or email address), includ-ing through metadata; ‘‘(B) that indirectly identifies specific indi-viduals in conjunction with other data ele-ments (which may include a combination of name, address, gender, race, birth date, phys-ical location, geographic indicator, and other descriptors); or ‘‘(C) through which a specific individual may be contacted physically or electroni-cally, which may be maintained in paper, electronic, or other means.’’. 
SA 4951. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 13, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION TO FEDERAL PREEMPTION .— Notwithstanding the Federal preemption provisions of subsection (b) and section 293(e), a State may continue in effect as to any food in interstate commerce that is the subject of the national bioengineered food disclosure standard under section 293 any re-quirement relating to the labeling or disclo-sure of whether a food or seed is bioengieered or genetically engineered or was developed or produced using bioengineering or genetic engineering for a food, including any re-quirement for claims that a food or seed is or contains an ingredient that was developed or produced using bioengineering or genetic en-gineering, even if such State requirement is not identical to the mandatory disclosure re-quirement under the standard under section 293, provided that such State requirement takes effect on or before July 1, 2016.’’. SA 4952. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 5, line 11, strike ‘‘, symbol, or’’ and all that follows through ‘‘link’’ on line 14 and insert ‘‘or symbol, and, in the case of a symbol, be a circle with the letters ‘GMO’ in the center’’. Strike line 16 on page 5 and all that follows through line 12 on page 6. Strike line 16 on page 6. 
SA 4953. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2, strike lines 1 through 10 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(1) B
IOENGINEERING .—The term ‘bio-engineering’, and any similar term, as deter-mined by the Secretary, with respect to a food, refers to a food or food ingredient that is produced with— ‘‘(A) in vitro nucleic acid techniques, in-cluding recombinant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and direct injection of nucleic acid into cells or organelles; or ‘‘(B) fusion of cells beyond the taxonomic family, that overcome natural physiological repro-ductive or recombinant barriers and that are not techniques used in traditional breeding and selection..’’. 
SA 4954. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. ll. MARKET NAME FOR GENETICALLY EN-GINEERED SALMON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including the amend-ments made by section 1, for purposes of ap-plying the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), the acceptable market name of any salmon that is geneti-cally engineered shall include the words ‘‘Ge-netically Engineered’’ or ‘‘GE’’ prior to the existing acceptable market name. (b) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, salmon is genetically engineered if it has been modified by recombinant DNA (rDNA) techniques, including the entire lin-eage of salmon that contain the rDNA modi-fication. (c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, affects the authority of the Food and Drug Administration to establish market names for foods. 
SA 4955. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.031 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4833 July 6, 2016 
amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 12, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: ‘‘(5) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(A) C
IVIL PENALTIES ; IN GENERAL .—Any person who fails to make a disclosure as de-scribed in paragraph (1) or who knowingly provides a false statement in the course of an examination or audit under paragraph (3) shall be subject to a civil penalty in an amount of not more than $1,000 per day, per food related to such failure to disclose or such false statement. ‘‘(B) C
LARIFICATIONS .—Calculation of the civil penalty under subparagraph (A) shall not be made or multiplied by the number of individual packages of the same food dis-played or offered for retail sale. Civil pen-alties assessed under subparagraph (A) shall accrue and be assessed per each uniquely named, designated, or marketed food. ‘‘(C) C
ITIZEN SUITS .—An individual whose interests are adversely affected by a viola-tion described in subparagraph (A) may col-lect damages in an amount of not more than $100,000 per violation.’’. 
SA 4956. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. S ASSE, and Mrs. F ISCH-
ER) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2193, to amend the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to increase penalties for indi-viduals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 3. MANDATORY DETENTION OF CERTAIN ALIENS CHARGED WITH A CRIME RE-SULTING IN DEATH OR SERIOUS BODILY INJURY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as ‘‘Sarah’s Law’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 236(c) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by strik-ing the comma at the end of each subpara-graph and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘sentence’’ and inserting ‘‘sentenced’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, or’’ and inserting a semi-colon; (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E)(i)(I) was not inspected and admitted into the United States; ‘‘(II) held a nonimmigrant visa (or other documentation authorizing admission into the United States as a nonimmigrant) that has been revoked under section 221(i); or ‘‘(III) is described in section 237(a)(1)(C)(i); and ‘‘(ii) has been charged by a prosecuting au-thority in the United States with any crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury (as defined in section 1365(h)(3) of title 18, United States Code) of another person,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Upon en- countering or gaining knowledge of an alien described in paragraph (1), the Assistant Sec-retary of Homeland Security for Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement shall make reasonable efforts— ‘‘(A) to obtain information from law en-forcement agencies and from other available sources regarding the identity of any victims of the crimes for which such alien was charged or convicted; and ‘‘(B) to provide the victim or, if the victim is deceased, a parent, guardian, spouse, or closest living relative of such victim, with information, on a timely and ongoing basis, including— ‘‘(i) the alien’s full name, aliases, date of birth, and country of nationality; ‘‘(ii) the alien’s immigration status and criminal history; ‘‘(iii) the alien’s custody status and any changes related to the alien’s custody; and ‘‘(iv) a description of any efforts by the United States Government to remove the alien from the United States.’’. (c) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, may be construed to limit the rights of crime victims under any other provision of law, including section 3771 of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 4957. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. S ASSE, and Mrs. F ISCH-
ER) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 3100, to ensure that State and local law en-forcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 5. MANDATORY DETENTION OF CERTAIN ALIENS CHARGED WITH A CRIME RE-SULTING IN DEATH OR SERIOUS BODILY INJURY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as ‘‘Sarah’s Law’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 236(c) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by strik-ing the comma at the end of each subpara-graph and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘sentence’’ and inserting ‘‘sentenced’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, or’’ and inserting a semi-colon; (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E)(i)(I) was not inspected and admitted into the United States; ‘‘(II) held a nonimmigrant visa (or other documentation authorizing admission into the United States as a nonimmigrant) that has been revoked under section 221(i); or ‘‘(III) is described in section 237(a)(1)(C)(i); and ‘‘(ii) has been charged by a prosecuting au-thority in the United States with any crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury (as defined in section 1365(h)(3) of title 18, United States Code) of another person,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Upon en- countering or gaining knowledge of an alien described in paragraph (1), the Assistant Sec-retary of Homeland Security for Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement shall make reasonable efforts— ‘‘(A) to obtain information from law en-forcement agencies and from other available sources regarding the identity of any victims of the crimes for which such alien was charged or convicted; and ‘‘(B) to provide the victim or, if the victim is deceased, a parent, guardian, spouse, or closest living relative of such victim, with information, on a timely and ongoing basis, including— ‘‘(i) the alien’s full name, aliases, date of birth, and country of nationality; ‘‘(ii) the alien’s immigration status and criminal history; ‘‘(iii) the alien’s custody status and any changes related to the alien’s custody; and ‘‘(iv) a description of any efforts by the United States Government to remove the alien from the United States.’’. (c) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, may be construed to limit the rights of crime victims under any other provision of law, including section 3771 of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 4958. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 3. BIOENGINEERED FOOD HEALTH STUDIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘bioengineering’’ has the meaning given such term in section 291 of the Agriculture Marketing Act of 1946 (as added by section 1); (2) the term ‘‘Director of NIH’’ means the Director of the National Institutes of Health; and (3) the term ‘‘food’’ has the meaning given such term in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director of NIH shall establish a program under which the Director of NIH shall provide grants to eligi-ble entities to study— (1) the potential human health benefits and risks of bioengineered food; and (2) the potential human health benefits and risks associated with the use of herbicides and pesticides in growing bioengineered crops. (c) L
ONG-TERM STUDIES .—In selecting enti-ties to receive grants under this section, the Director of NIH shall give priority to enti-ties that propose to conduct long-term stud-ies or other innovative studies, at the discre-tion of the Director of NIH. (d) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Entities eligible for grants under this section include aca-demic institutions, national laboratories, Federal research agencies, State and tribal research agencies, public-private partner-ships, and consortiums of 2 or more such en-tities. (e) R
EPORTS .—The Director of NIH shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Agri-culture and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of House of Representative peri-odic reports describing— (1) each study for which a grant has been provided under this section; (2) any preliminary findings as a result of each such study; and (3) a summary of topics that remain uncer-tain with respect to the potential human health benefits and risks of bioengineered food, and where additional research is still needed. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.032 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4834 July 6, 2016 
carry out this section $50,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
SA 4959. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 10, strike line 4 and all that follows through page 13, line 25 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(e) S
TATE FOODLABELING STANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) L
ABELING STANDARDS .—Notwith- standing subsection (b)(1), subject to para-graph (2), a State or political subdivision of a State may establish or continue in effect any requirement relating to the labeling of whether a food, food ingredient, or seed is bioengineered or was developed or produced using bioengineering. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A requirement de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be identical to, or impose a higher standard than, the na-tional bioengineered food disclosure stand-ard under this section, such as by— ‘‘(A) the coverage of a food not covered under the standard; ‘‘(B) the requirement of the disclosure of information that is not required to be dis-closed under the standard; ‘‘(C) the requirement of an on-package dis-closure; ‘‘(D) the establishment of a standard relat-ing to the size, prominence, or design of an on-package disclosure; ‘‘(E) the requirement of increased accessability to the electronic or digital dis-closure; or ‘‘(F) the requirement that a person subject to disclosure requirements establish more stringent procedures or practices for record-keeping than are required under the stand-ard. ‘‘(f) C
ONSISTENCY WITHCERTAIN LAWS.— The Secretary shall consider establishing consistency between— ‘‘(1) the national bioengineered food disclo-sure standard established under this section; and ‘‘(2) the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) and any rules or regulations implementing that Act. ‘‘(g) E
NFORCEMENT .— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITED ACT .—It shall be a prohib-ited act for a person to knowingly fail to make a disclosure as required under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) R
ECORDKEEPING .—Each person subject to the mandatory disclosure requirement under this section shall maintain, and make available to the Secretary, on request, such records as the Secretary determines to be customary or reasonable in the food indus-try, by regulation, to establish compliance with this section. ‘‘(3) E
XAMINATION AND AUDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-duct an examination, audit, or similar activ-ity with respect to any records required under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND HEARING .—A person sub-ject to an examination, audit, or similar ac-tivity under subparagraph (A) shall be pro-vided notice and opportunity for a hearing on the results of any examination, audit, or similar activity. ‘‘(C) A
UDIT RESULTS .—After the notice and opportunity for a hearing under subpara-graph (B), the Secretary shall make public the summary of any examination, audit, or similar activity under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) RECALL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall have no authority to recall any food subject to this subtitle on the basis of whether the food bears a disclosure that the food is bioengineered. 
‘‘SEC. 294. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) T RADE .—This subtitle shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. ‘‘(b) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this subtitle— ‘‘(1) affects the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services or creates any rights or obligations for any person under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) affects the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury or creates any rights or obli-gations for any person under the Federal Al-cohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). ‘‘(c) O
THER .—A food may not be considered to be ‘not bioengineered’, ‘non-GMO’, or any other similar claim describing the absence of bioengineering in the food solely because the food is not required to bear a disclosure that the food is bioengineered under this subtitle. ‘‘(d) R
EMEDIES .—Nothing in this subtitle preempts any remedy created by a State or Federal statutory or common law right.’’. 
SA 4960. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 13, strike lines 8 through 19 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .—No State or a political subdivision of a State may directly or indirectly establish under any authority or continue in effect as to any food in inter-state commerce any requirement relating to the labeling of whether a food (including food served in a restaurant or similar estab-lishment) is genetically engineered (which shall include such other similar terms as de-termined by the Secretary of Agriculture) or was developed or produced using genetic en-gineering, including any requirement for claims that a food is or contains an ingre-dient that was developed or produced using genetic engineering. 
SA 4961. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2, strike lines 1 through 10 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(1) B
IOENGINEERING .—The term ‘bio-engineering’, and any similar term, as deter-mined by the Secretary, with respect to a food, refers to a food or food ingredient— ‘‘(A) that is produced with genetic engi-neering techniques, including— ‘‘(i) recombinant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA); ‘‘(ii) cell fusion; ‘‘(iii) micro and macro injection; ‘‘(iv) encapsulation; and ‘‘(v) gene deletion and doubling; and ‘‘(B) for which the genetic material has been altered in a way that does not occur naturally by mating, natural recombination, or conventional breeding. SA 4962. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 8, strike lines 8 through 16 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(4) O
N-PACKAGE DISCLOSURE .—If the Sec-retary determines in the study conducted under paragraph (1) that consumers, while shopping, would not have sufficient access to the bioengineering disclosure through elec-tronic or digital disclosure methods, the Sec-retary shall require in regulations promul-gated under this section that the form of a food disclosure under this section be a text or symbol. 
SA 4963. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 7, strike lines 5 through 9 and in-sert the following: shall submit to Congress a report describing the results of a study conducted by the Sec-retary that shall— ‘‘(A) identify potential technological chal-lenges that may impact whether consumers would have access to the bioengineering dis-closure through electronic or digital disclo-sure methods; and ‘‘(B) evaluate consumer awareness of how to access the bioengineering disclosure through electronic or digital disclosure methods. On page 8, between lines 7 and 8 insert the following: ‘‘(F) Whether a consumer has sufficient awareness of how to access the bio-engineering disclosure. ‘‘(G) The age of a consumer. ‘‘(H) The socioeconomic status of a con-sumer. 
SA 4964. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 8, line 24, strike ‘‘food’’ and insert ‘‘GE’’. On page 9, line 6, strike ‘‘food’’ and insert ‘‘GE’’. 
SA 4965. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 5, strike lines 9 through 15 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(D) require that the form of a food disclo-sure under this section be a text or symbol; On page 5, line 22, strike ‘‘earlier’’ and in-sert ‘‘later’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.032 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4835 July 6, 2016 
On page 6, strike lines 1 through 12 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(ii) on-package disclosure options, in ad-dition to those available under subparagraph (D), that may be selected by the small food manufacturer, that consist of— ‘‘(I) a telephone number accompanied by the following language to indicate that the phone number provides access to additional bioengineered food information: ‘Call for more GE information’; and ‘‘(II) an Internet website maintained by the small food manufacturer; and On page 7, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 10, line 3. On page 10, line 4, strike ‘‘(e)’’ and insert ‘‘(c)’’. On page 10, line 14, strike ‘‘(f)’’ and insert ‘‘(d)’’. On page 10, line 21, strike ‘‘(g)’’ and insert ‘‘(e)’’. 
SA 4966. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 13, strike line 20 and insert the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 296. PRESERVATION OF CERTAIN STATE LAWS. 
‘‘Notwithstanding section 293(e) and sec-tion 295(b), nothing in this subtitle or sub-title E shall affect the authority of a State or political subdivision of a State to enforce any State or local law (including any action taken or requirement imposed pursuant to the authority of the State or local law) re-lating to food labeling or seed labeling that was enacted before January 1, 2016. 
‘‘SEC. 297. EXCLUSION FROM FEDERAL PREEMP-TION. 
SA 4967. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 5, strike lines 1 through 4 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(B) require that a food that contains bio-engineered substances in an amount greater than 
9⁄10of 1 percent of the total weight of the food shall be a bioengineered food; 
SA 4968. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 9, line 17, insert ‘‘, including unique identifiers that are linked, or linkable, to consumers or the devices of con-sumers’’ before ‘‘; but’’. 
SA 4969. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 8, line 24, strike ‘‘more’’ and insert ‘‘GMO and other’’. On page 9, line 6, strike ‘‘more’’ and insert ‘‘GMO and other’’. 
SA 4970. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 10, strike lines 22 through 24 and insert the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) W
ARNINGS .—If the Secretary deter-mines that a person is in violation of the na-tional bioengineered food disclosure stand-ard under this subtitle, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) notify the person of the determination of the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) provide the person a 30-day period, be-ginning on the date on which the person re-ceives the notice under clause (i) from the Secretary, during which the person may take necessary steps to comply with the standard. ‘‘(B) F
INES.—On completion of the 30-day period described in subparagraph (A)(ii) and after providing notice and an opportunity for a hearing before the Secretary, the Sec-retary may fine the person in an amount of not more than $1,000 for each violation if the Secretary determines that the person— ‘‘(i) has not made a good faith effort to comply with the national bioengineered food disclosure standard under this subtitle; and ‘‘(ii) continues to willfully violate the standard with respect to the violation about which the person received notification under subparagraph (A)(i). 
SA 4971. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2, strike lines 6 through 15 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(1) B
IOENGINEERING .—The term ‘bio-engineering’, and any similar term, as deter-mined by the Secretary, with respect to a food, refers to a food or food ingredient— ‘‘(A) that is produced with genetic engi-neering techniques; and ‘‘(B) for which the genetic material has been altered in a manner that does not occur naturally by mating or conventional breed-ing. 
SA 4972. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. LABELING OF CERTAIN FOOD. 
The Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle E—Labeling of Certain Food ‘‘SEC. 291. FEDERAL PREEMPTION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) F
OOD.—The term ‘food’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 201 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(2) G
ENETICALLY ENGINEERED .—The term ‘genetically engineered’ has the meaning given the term in the Coordinated Frame-work for the Regulation of Biotechnology, published June 26, 1986, and February 27, 1992 (51 Fed. Reg. 23302; 57 Fed. Reg. 6753). ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .—No State or a political subdivision of a State may directly or indirectly establish under any authority or continue in effect as to any food or seed in interstate commerce any requirement re-lating to the labeling of whether a food (in-cluding food served in a restaurant or simi-lar establishment) or seed is genetically en-gineered or was developed or produced using genetic engineering, including any require-ment for claims that a food or seed is or con-tains an ingredient that was developed or produced using genetic engineering.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 6, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATIONS  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Perma-nent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 6, 2016, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘ISIS On-line: Countering Terrorist Radicalization and Recruitment on the Internet and Social Media.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Olivia Woods, be granted privileges of the floor for the balance of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS MAILINGS The filing date for the 2016 second quarter Mass Mailing report is Mon-day, July 25, 2016. An electronic option is available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a fillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings during this period, please sub-mit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ Mass mailing registrations or nega-tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, D.C. 20510–7116. The Senate Office of Public Records is open from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. For 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.033 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4836 July 6, 2016 
further information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE IN SUPPORT OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY OR-GANIZATION AND THE NATO SUMMIT TO BE HELD IN WAR-SAW, POLAND FROM JULY 8–9, 2016 Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 529, S. Res. 506. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 506) expressing the sense of the Senate in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the NATO summit to be held in Warsaw, Poland from July 8–9, 2016, and in support of committing NATO to a security posture capable of deter-ring threats to the Alliance. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, with amendments and an amendment to the preamble, as follows: (The parts intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brackets and the parts intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. R ES. 506 Whereas the North Atlantic Treaty, signed April 4, 1949, in Washington, District of Co-lumbia, which created the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (‘‘NATO’’), proclaims: ‘‘[Members] are determined to safeguard the freedom, common heritage and civilisation of their peoples, founded on the principles of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law. They seek to promote stability and well-being in the North Atlantic area. They are resolved to unite their efforts for collec-tive defence and for the preservation of peace and security.’’; Whereas NATO has been the backbone of the European security architecture for 67 years, evolving to meet the changing trans-atlantic geopolitical and security environ-ment; Whereas NATO continues its mission in Af-ghanistan following the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States; Whereas NATO, through its contributions to the common defense, including its invocation of Article 5 after the attacks of September 11, 2001, has significantly contributed to the security of the United States and has served as a force mul-tiplier for the United States; Whereas at the NATO Wales Summit in September 2014, NATO reaffirmed the Alli-ance’s role in transatlantic security and its ability to respond to emerging security threats and challenges; Whereas Alliance members at the NATO Wales Summit defined the new security par-adigm when they stated, ‘‘Russia’s aggres-sive actions against Ukraine have fundamen-tally challenged our vision of a Europe whole, free, and at peace. Growing insta-bility in our southern neighborhood, from the Middle East to North Africa, as well as transnational and multi-dimensional threats, are also challenging our security. These can all have long-term consequences for peace and security in the Euro-Atlantic region and stability across the globe.’’; Whereas at the 2014 NATO Wales Summit, Alliance members addressed this changed se-curity environment by committing to en-hancing readiness and collective defense; in-creasing defense spending and boosting mili-tary capabilities; and improving NATO sup-port for partner countries through the De-fense Capacity Building Initiative; Whereas although Article 14 of the Wales Declaration calls on all members of the alli-ance to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their Gross Domestic Product (GDP) on de-fense within a decade, currently only five members are achieving that target; Whereas, after the 2014 Wales Summit, the Russian military invaded Ukraine, adding Crimea to the list of areas illegally con-trolled by Moscow, including Georgia’s Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions; Whereas Russian-backed separatists in Eastern Ukraine continue to destabilize the region with support from the Government of the Russian Federation; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation continues to undertake provoca-tive, unprofessional, and dangerous actions towards NATO air and naval forces and con-tinues to exercise hybrid warfare capabilities against member and nonmember states along its western borders; Whereas Poland and the Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania are on the frontlines of renewed Russian aggression and hybrid warfare, including disinformation campaigns, cyber threats, and snap military exercises along the Alliance’s eastern flank; Whereas President Barack Obama proposed a quadrupling of the European Reassurance Initiative in fiscal year 2017 to $3,400,000,000 in order to enhance the United States com-mitment to NATO, to support Europe’s de-fense, and to deter further Russian aggres-sion; Whereas the cornerstone of NATO’s collec-tive defense initiative is the Readiness Ac-tion Plan, intended to enable a continuous NATO military presence on the Alliance’s periphery, especially its easternmost states, which includes enhanced troop rotations, military exercises, and the establishment of a Very High Readiness Task Force; Whereas, in follow-up to commitments made at the NATO Wales Summit, NATO and the Government of Georgia agreed on a ‘‘Substantial Package’’ of cooperation and defense reform initiatives to strengthen Georgia’s resilience and self-defense capa-bilities and develop closer security coopera-tion and interoperability with NATO mem-bers, including through the establishment of the Joint Training and Evaluation Center, which was inaugurated in 2015; Whereas the threat of transnational ter-rorism has resulted in attacks in Turkey, France, Belgium, and the United States, and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) continues to pose a real and evolving threat to member states, other countries in Europe, and the broader international com-munity; Whereas the migration crisis from the Syr-ian civil war, the conflict in Afghanistan, and economic and humanitarian crises in Af-rica have placed a great strain on member states; Whereas the NATO summit in Warsaw, Po-land, is an opportunity to enhance and more deeply entrench those principles and build on our collective security, which continue to bind the Alliance together and guide our ef-forts today; and Whereas, on May 19, 2016, Foreign Min-isters of NATO member states signed an Ac-cession Protocol to officially endorse and le-gally move forward Montenegro’s member-ship in the Alliance, which, consistent with NATO’s ‘‘Open Door policy’’, would indeed further the principles of the North Atlantic Treaty and contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the service of the brave men and women who have served to safeguard the freedom and security of the United States and the whole of the transatlantic alliance; (2) encourages Alliance members at the NATO Warsaw Summit to promote unity and solidarity, and to ensure a robust security posture capable of deterring any potential adversary, in the face of the complex and changing security environment confronting the Alliance on its eastern, northern, and southern fronts; (3) urges all NATO members to invest at least two percent of GDP in defense spending and carry an equitable burden in supporting the resource requirements and ødefense capa-bilities of the Alliance;¿ defense capabilities of the Alliance, including an increased forward de-fense posture in NATO frontline states; (4) reaffirms its commitment to NATO’s collective security as guaranteed by Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty; (5) welcomes the progress of NATO’s ballistic missile defense mission, adopted at the 2010 Lis-bon Summit, and the achievement of recent United States milestones in this area through the partnership of allies, including Romania and Poland; ø(5)¿(6) recognizes Georgia’s troop con-tributions to missions abroad, its robust de-fense spending, and its ongoing efforts to strengthen its democratic and military insti-tutions for NATO accession; and ø(6)¿(7) recognizes the ongoing work of NATO’s Resolute Support Mission in Afghan-istan, with 12,000 troops advising and assist-ing Afghanistan’s security ministries, and army and police øcommands across the coun-try¿ commands across the country, and the sig-nificant commitment NATO allies and coalition partners have dedicated to Afghanistan since 2001, including at least 1,134 troops from NATO allies and coalition partners of the United States who lost their lives in that conflict. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to, the resolution, as amended, be agreed to, the committee-reported amendment to the preamble be agreed to, the preamble, as amended, be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The resolution (S. Res. 506), as amended, was agreed to. The committee-reported amendment to the preamble was agreed to. The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 506 Whereas the North Atlantic Treaty, signed April 4, 1949, in Washington, District of Co-lumbia, which created the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (‘‘NATO’’), proclaims: ‘‘[Members] are determined to safeguard the freedom, common heritage and civilisation of their peoples, founded on the principles of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law. They seek to promote stability and well-being in the North Atlantic area. They are resolved to unite their efforts for collec-tive defence and for the preservation of peace and security.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.038 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4837 July 6, 2016 
Whereas NATO has been the backbone of the European security architecture for 67 years, evolving to meet the changing trans-atlantic geopolitical and security environ-ment; Whereas NATO continues its mission in Af-ghanistan following the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States; Whereas NATO, through its contributions to the common defense, including its invoca-tion of Article 5 after the attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, has significantly contributed to the security of the United States and has served as a force multiplier for the United States; Whereas at the NATO Wales Summit in September 2014, NATO reaffirmed the Alli-ance’s role in transatlantic security and its ability to respond to emerging security threats and challenges; Whereas Alliance members at the NATO Wales Summit defined the new security par-adigm when they stated, ‘‘Russia’s aggres-sive actions against Ukraine have fundamen-tally challenged our vision of a Europe whole, free, and at peace. Growing insta-bility in our southern neighborhood, from the Middle East to North Africa, as well as transnational and multi-dimensional threats, are also challenging our security. These can all have long-term consequences for peace and security in the Euro-Atlantic region and stability across the globe.’’; Whereas at the 2014 NATO Wales Summit, Alliance members addressed this changed se-curity environment by committing to en-hancing readiness and collective defense; in-creasing defense spending and boosting mili-tary capabilities; and improving NATO sup-port for partner countries through the De-fense Capacity Building Initiative; Whereas although Article 14 of the Wales Declaration calls on all members of the alli-ance to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their Gross Domestic Product (GDP) on de-fense within a decade, currently only five members are achieving that target; Whereas after the 2014 Wales Summit, the Russian military invaded Ukraine, adding Crimea to the list of areas illegally con-trolled by Moscow, including Georgia’s Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions; Whereas Russian-backed separatists in Eastern Ukraine continue to destabilize the region with support from the Government of the Russian Federation; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation continues to undertake provoca-tive, unprofessional, and dangerous actions towards NATO air and naval forces and con-tinues to exercise hybrid warfare capabilities against member and nonmember states along its western borders; Whereas Poland and the Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania are on the frontlines of renewed Russian aggression and hybrid warfare, including disinformation campaigns, cyber threats, and snap military exercises along the Alliance’s eastern flank; Whereas President Barack Obama proposed a quadrupling of the European Reassurance Initiative in fiscal year 2017 to $3,400,000,000 in order to enhance the United States com-mitment to NATO, to support Europe’s de-fense, and to deter further Russian aggres-sion; Whereas the cornerstone of NATO’s collec-tive defense initiative is the Readiness Ac-tion Plan, intended to enable a continuous NATO military presence on the Alliance’s periphery, especially its easternmost states, which includes enhanced troop rotations, military exercises, and the establishment of a Very High Readiness Task Force; Whereas in follow-up to commitments made at the NATO Wales Summit, NATO and the Government of Georgia agreed on a ‘‘Substantial Package’’ of cooperation and defense reform initiatives to strengthen Georgia’s resilience and self-defense capa-bilities and develop closer security coopera-tion and interoperability with NATO mem-bers, including through the establishment of the Joint Training and Evaluation Center, which was inaugurated in 2015; Whereas the threat of transnational ter-rorism has resulted in attacks in Turkey, France, Belgium, and the United States, and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) continues to pose a real and evolving threat to member states, other countries in Europe, and the broader international com-munity; Whereas the migration crisis from the Syr-ian civil war, the conflict in Afghanistan, and economic and humanitarian crises in Af-rica have placed a great strain on member states; Whereas the NATO summit in Warsaw, Po-land, is an opportunity to enhance and more deeply entrench those principles and build on our collective security, which continue to bind the Alliance together and guide our ef-forts today; and Whereas, on May 19, 2016, Foreign Min-isters of NATO member states signed an Ac-cession Protocol to officially endorse and le-gally move forward Montenegro’s member-ship in the Alliance, which, consistent with NATO’s ‘‘Open Door policy’’, would indeed further the principles of the North Atlantic Treaty and contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the service of the brave men and women who have served to safeguard the freedom and security of the United States and the whole of the transatlantic alliance; (2) encourages Alliance members at the NATO Warsaw Summit to promote unity and solidarity, and to ensure a robust security posture capable of deterring any potential adversary, in the face of the complex and changing security environment confronting the Alliance on its eastern, northern, and southern fronts; (3) urges all NATO members to invest at least two percent of GDP in defense spending and carry an equitable burden in supporting the resource requirements and defense capa-bilities of the Alliance, including an in-creased forward defense posture in NATO frontline states; (4) reaffirms its commitment to NATO’s collective security as guaranteed by Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty; (5) welcomes the progress of NATO’s bal-listic missile defense mission, adopted at the 2010 Lisbon Summit, and the achievement of recent United States milestones in this area through the partnership of allies, including Romania and Poland; (6) recognizes Georgia’s troop contribu-tions to missions abroad, its robust defense spending, and its ongoing efforts to strength-en its democratic and military institutions for NATO accession; and (7) recognizes the ongoing work of NATO’s Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan, with 12,000 troops advising and assisting Af-ghanistan’s security ministries, and army and police commands across the country, and the significant commitment NATO allies and coalition partners have dedicated to Af-ghanistan since 2001, including at least 1,134 troops from NATO allies and coalition part-ners of the United States who lost their lives in that conflict. REAFFIRMING THE TAIWAN RELA-TIONS ACT AND THE SIX ASSUR-ANCES AS CORNERSTONES OF UNITED STATES-TAIWAN RELA-TIONS Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 535, S. Con. Res. 38. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 38) reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of United States-Taiwan relations. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the concur-rent resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 38) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of May 19, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
URGING THE EUROPEAN UNION TO DESIGNATE HIZBALLAH IN ITS ENTIRETY AS A TERRORIST OR-GANIZATION Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 537, S. Res. 482. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 482) urging the Euro-pean Union to designate Hizballah in its en-tirety as a terrorist organization and to in-crease pressure on the organization and its members to the fullest extent possible. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 482) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of June 6, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 70TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FULBRIGHT PRO-GRAM Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY6.050 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4838 July 6, 2016 
proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 540, S. Res. 504. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 504) recognizing the 70th anniversary of the Fulbright Program. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 504) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of June 21, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 7, 2016 Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, July 7; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the House message to accom-pany S. 764; finally, that all time dur-ing morning business, recess, or ad-journment of the Senate count postcloture on the motion to concur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 8:01 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, July 7, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate July 6, 2016: 
THE JUDICIARY  
BRIAN R. MARTINOTTI, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G06JY6.092 S06JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1037 July 6, 2016 
HONORING THE CAREER OF MR. D. SCOTT WELKER 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Mr. D. Scott Welker on his retirement after 33 years of public service. As Executive Director of the U.S. Joint Mu-nitions Command at the Rock Island Arsenal, Mr. Welker has dedicated his career to im-proving the safety and security of our Iowa communities and our nation as a whole. His work has directly contributed to the develop-ment and success of the Arsenal, the U.S. Army, and all of those privileged to work alongside him. I am proud to recognize Mr. Welker, thank him for everything he has done for our coun-try, and wish him the best in his well-earned retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. JAMES E. DORA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a personal friend, Sigma Chi brother, and prominent Hoosier, Mr. James E. Dora, who passed away on June 27, 2016. Jim was born in Vincennes, Indiana and graduated from Purdue University where he was a member of the Delta Delta Chapter of Sigma Chi Fraternity. He gave back to his alma mater serving as Chairman to the Presi-dent’s Council, Vice Chairman of the Vision 21 Capital Campaign, as an Old Master and on the Advisory Board for the RHIT Hotel School. Purdue honored him in kind with the Purdue Order of the Griffin and an Honorary Doctorate Degree, and honor he also received from Vin-cennes University. Jim’s commitment to Sigma Chi, its Purdue Chapter, and his brothers are reflected in his actions. He was co-chair of a complete ren-ovation of the chapter house, including a $7.4 million fundraising campaign to achieve it. Jim was recognized by Sigma Chi earning the Sig-nificant Sig of Sigma Chi, Sigma Chi Hall of Fame, and the Order of the Constantine hon-ors. He also received the Purdue Chapter Ben Taylor Award. As a businessman, Jim founded and chaired General Hotels Corporation, a developer and operator of award winning hotels throughout Central Indiana, including the upscale Crowne Plaza Holiday Inn at Union Station in Down-town Indianapolis. He served as Chairman of the International Association of Holiday Inn Owners and on the Board of Directors for American United Life Insurance Company, First Chicago, NBD, Bank One and the Mayflower Corporation. Jim was also a selfless advocate for the City of Indianapolis. He was a member of nu-merous boards and committees, including the Capital Improvement Board of Managers from 1971–1993 and served as President from 1985–1993. His service coincided with and was instrumental in the growth and develop-ment of Downtown Indianapolis and the Colts relocation to our city in 1984. Jim also served on the Educational CHOICE Charitable Trust, Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce, Down-town Indy, Inc. and more. Jim was twice named a Sagamore of the Wabash, the state’s highest honor for a citizen. Jim and I shared a love for aviation, our home state of Indiana and public service. His whole-hearted support of my public service ef-forts and the efforts of those like me has been invaluable as I served Hoosiers for the past 13 years. Jim leaves behind his beloved wife of 57 years, Shirley, four children, and 11 grand-children. I believe this world is a better place because of his compassionate service to our community, state and nation. In this sign you will conquer (In hoc signo vinces) Jim, you will not be forgotten. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DUBLIN COFFMAN HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS TRACK AND FIELD TEAM 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Dublin Coffman High School for win-ning the Girls 4 × 200 Meter Relay at the Divi-sion I Ohio High School Track and Field State Championship. For over a century, the Ohio High School Athletic Association has provided Ohio’s finest student athletes with the opportunity to earn a state championship. Each year young men and women spend countless hours practicing and training in an effort to join the ranks of Ohio’s elite athletes. Although many strive to earn the title of state champion, only a select few will achieve this honor. Dublin Coffman’s victory caps a tremendous season. This sort of achievement stands as a testament to their hard work. Shaunqueza Ste-vens, Shannon Downie, Wambui Watene, and Abby Steiner have set a new standard for fu-ture athletes to reach. Everyone at Dublin Coffman High School can be extremely proud of their performance. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate Dublin Coffman High School’s Girls Track and Field on their state championship. I wish their team continued success in their future athletic en-deavors. IN RECOGNITION OF THE LEHIGHTON 150TH ANNIVERSARY HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Borough of Lehighton as it marks its 150th anniversary. Lehighton was founded in 1866, and the town celebrated its sesquicentennial for eight days from June 25 to July 2. Festivities included a street fair, music, naming the Citizen of the Century, and burying a Time Capsule. Located on the Lehigh River in Carbon County, Pennsylvania, Lehighton was origi-nally established in 1746 as the German Mo-ravian Brethren mission station, ‘‘Gnadenhutten.’’ In 1755, during the French and Indian War, the village was destroyed with only a few of the missionaries surviving. Lehighton had several developing industries in the 19th Century, such as lace and silk mills, meat packing, and foundries. The town was also home to a major repair facility for the Le-high Valley Railroad. The advent of the rail-road proved to be an economic boost for the town, employing thousands of workers to op-erate and maintain the new system of trans-portation. By 1900, its population had grown to over 4,600, and it reached its peak in 1940 with 6,600 residents. Today, Lehighton is wit-nessing a revitalization of its downtown as residents find a new appreciation for its central location and historic architecture. It is an honor to recognize such an impor-tant milestone for Lehighton; I am proud to represent this historic city. As the town cele-brates 150 years, I share its pride about its historic past, and I look forward to a bright fu-ture for all of its residents. 
f 
IN HONOR OF REVEREND HORACE CLINTON BOYD 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to outstanding spiritual leader and man of God, a brave man, and dear friend, the Reverend Horace Clinton Boyd. Sadly, Reverend Boyd passed away on Saturday, June 25, 2016. A home-going cele-bration was held in his honor on July 2, 2016 at 10 a.m. at Mt. Zion Baptist Church in Al-bany, Georgia followed by a brief memorial at Macedonia Baptist Church in Ludowici, Geor-gia. A Georgia man through and through, Rev-erend Boyd was born on November 28, 1926 in Long County, Georgia and was the fifth of ten children to the late Deacon Earnest Frank-lin and Mrs. Eula Wright Franklin. He studied 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JY8.001 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1038 July 6, 2016 
at the public schools in Long County, Georgia before attending college and seminary training at Morehouse College of Atlanta, GA. Rev-erend Boyd also served his country coura-geously as a World War II veteran before he was honorably discharged. Reverend Boyd began preaching on Octo-ber 13, 1946 at Engineer Chapel—Schofield Barracks on the Island of Ohau, Hawaii. He has pastored at many churches in Georgia, in-cluding the Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church, the birthplace of the 1960s Albany Civil Rights Movement. Despite threats to his person, his family, his home and his church, he allowed a mass meeting to be held at Shiloh that orga-nized local Civil Rights marches. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. addressed the overflowing crowds from the pulpit of Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church and now a trail of footprints originating in the front of the church leading to the Albany Bus Station commemorates the Al-bany Civil Rights marches. Dr. George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘No individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.’’ We are so blessed that the Reverend Horace Boyd passed this way and shared with us his legacy of service that will stand the test of time. Surely, the wealth of wisdom that Reverend Boyd has given to his listeners will forever resonate in their hearts and spirits. Reverend Boyd has been repeatedly ac-knowledged for his outstanding achievements, service and public distinction. He served as Dean of the Albany Seminary Extension Cen-ter for 25 years, Commissioned Board Mem-ber of the Dougherty County Family and Chil-dren Services for 27 years and as a past Mod-erator of the Hopewell Missionary Baptist As-sociation from 1961–1994. He has achieved numerous successes in his life, but none of this would have been possible without the grace of God and his loving wife of sixty years, Ms. Barbara Mae Riles Boyd, who was called Home to be with her Savior in 2010. They have two children, William and Dolores. Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along with the more than 730,000 people in the Sec-ond Congressional District of Georgia, would like to extend our deepest sympathies to Rev. Boyd’s family, friends, and followers during this difficult time. May we all be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on July 5, 2016, I missed votes due to personal business in my district and was unable to be present and missed the following votes: On Roll Call vote 343, I would have voted No. On Roll Call vote 344, I would have voted No. On Roll Call vote 345, I would have voted No. On Roll Call vote 346, I would have voted No. On Roll Call vote 347, I would have voted No. On Roll Call vote 348, I would have voted No. On Roll Call vote 349, I would have voted Aye. On Roll Call vote 350, I would have voted Aye. f 
H.R. 5456 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following extraneous materials on H.R. 5456, the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016: 
ALLIANCE FOR STRONG FAMILIES  
ANDCOMMUNITIES , Washington, DC, June 14, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chair, House of Representatives, Ways and Means Committee. Hon. V
ERNBUCHANAN , Chair, House of Representatives, Human Resources Subcommittee. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , Chair, U.S. Senate, Senate Finance Committee. Hon. S
ANDER LEVIN, Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Ways and Means Committee, Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Human Resources Subcommittee. Hon. R
ONWYDEN , Ranking Member, U.S. Senate, Senate Finance Committee. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEM-
BERLEVIN, CHAIRMAN BUCHANNAN AND RANK-
INGMEMBER DOGGETT , ANDCHAIRMAN HATCH  
AND RANKING MEMBER WYDEN : The Alliance for Strong Families and Communities thanks you for your leadership and for intro-ducing the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016. The legislation promotes numer-ous policy priorities that are consistent with our network’s guiding principles for improv-ing child and family safety, permanency and well-being. We appreciate efforts you have made to ad-dress past concerns and to include compo-nents that are informed by effective prac-tices in states and localities, technology up-dates, and current research. These include: Permitting the use of federal funds to pay for programs across the evidence-based spec-trum, and to continue knowledge formation in what works; Making Title IV–B funds available to states so that they may modernize their Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children (ICPC) services so that so that chil-dren may be more quickly and effectively placed in appropriate homes across state lines; Supporting the National Commission to Eliminate Child Abuse and Neglect Fatali-ties’ recommendation that a 21st Century Child Welfare system require states to de-velop a statewide plan to prevent child abuse and neglect fatalities; Requiring the use of an age-appropriate, evidence-based, validated needs assessment to help determine a child’s need for behav-ioral health support through a therapeutic residential treatment setting; and Engaging families in a child’s residen-tially-based trauma-informed behavioral health treatment to strengthen the likeli-hood of their success, including establishing a family and permanency team in the initial needs assessment and ongoing progress mon-itoring. We are very pleased with the bipartisan, bicameral effort to address child welfare re-forms, and specifically, the longstanding pol-icy priority to expand Title IV–E for preven-tion so that children and parents/caregivers may have access to services and interven-tions that ensure child safety and build fam-ily stability. While the Alliance enthusiastically sup-ports the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016, we do believe we have identified a significant technical misalignment within the definition of the Qualified Residential Treatment Program (QRTP) that, if ad-dressed, would strengthen the bill, increase its effectiveness and mitigate against what we believe to be unintended consequences for children to whom we want to receive the right treatment, at the right time in the most appropriate setting. We fully support the requirement for a QRTP to use a trauma- informed treatment model, but are con-cerned about the rigid aspects of the lan-guage for QRTP staffing. The prescription of nursing and clinical staff being onsite during business hours is not consistent with Con-gress’ desire to use evidence in its require-ments on states and moves further away from a system that is child- and family-cen-tered and community-based. We believe that QRTPs must abide by the fidelity elements of the approved, trauma-informed treatment model that they elect to use in accordance with the requirements in the bill and that the current language regarding staffing is in-consistent with the bill’s treatment model requirement. For example, if the fidelity elements of the selected treatment model require licensed or registered nurses to be onsite during busi-ness hours and available 24/7, then a QRTP must meet that requirement. Likewise, if fi-delity to an approved model requires a dif-ferent staffing composition and pattern, then the QRTP must meet that model’s require-ments and needs the flexibility to do so. Therefore, rather than requiring the staff to be onsite during business hours, we rec-ommend an amendment that aligns the treatment model requirement with the staff-ing requirement. The amendment would re-quire staff to be onsite according to the trau-ma-informed treatment model being used by the QRTP. Our commonsense amendment ac-knowledges that high quality trauma-in-formed treatment models prescribe staffing patterns that are designed to achieve the outcomes proven by the program model. And, it strengthens the bill’s effectiveness toward the greatest chance of success and normalcy for children provided in the most family-like settings possible. The Alliance’s wholehearted support of the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016 is unqualified and not contingent upon inclu-sion of the recommended amendment but, if the bill is passed without this amendment we intend to work to build a coalition to change this aspect of the QRTP requirements prior to implementation of these provisions in Title II in 2019. Thank you very much for your hard work. We look forward to working with you and en-courage you to contact Marlo Nash, Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Mobili-zation with questions or to request addi-tional information. Sincerely, S
USAN DREYFUS , President and CEO. 
AAP S TATEMENT SUPPORTING THE FAMILY  F
IRST PREVENTION SERVICES ACT [6/13/2016 by Benard P. Dreyer, MD, FAAP, president, American Academy of Pediatrics] ‘‘The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) commends House Ways and Means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.002 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1039 July 6, 2016 
Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R–Tex) and Ranking Member Sander Levin (D–Mich) and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R–Utah) and Ranking Member Ron Wyden (D–Ore) for releasing the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016. A com-prehensive bipartisan effort to improve how the child welfare system serves children and families in adversity. This bill represents a pivotal opportunity for a major federal pol-icy shift that moves away from placing chil-dren in out-of-home care and toward keeping families together. ‘‘Children in or at-risk for entering foster care are especially vulnerable, they are more likely to be exposed to trauma and often have complex medical needs. This bill not only recognizes the unique needs of children and families in adversity, but also makes great strides to meet them in a way that pe-diatricians can stand behind through evi-dence-based, prevention-focused approaches. The bill offers states much-needed federal funding to support mental health, substance abuse and in-home parenting skills programs for families of children at-risk of entering foster care. This policy rewards state efforts to preserve and strengthen families by pro-viding federal funds to administer preven-tion programs in a way that is steeped in science. ‘‘Children fare best when they are raised in families equipped to meet their needs. Con-gregate care, when necessary, should be of high-quality for the shortest possible dura-tion and reserved for instances in which it is absolutely essential. The AAP supports the bill’s emphasis on ensuring that children are only placed in a non-family setting if they have a demonstrated need for the services available in that setting. The AAP also ap-preciates that congregate care facilities must be accredited and have licensed clinical and nursing staff to ensure they are capable of caring for vulnerable children and meet-ing their complex health needs. ‘‘Fixing the shortcomings in our child wel-fare system will require continued invest-ment across both state and federal govern-ments. The Family First Prevention Serv-ices Act does just what its name says. It puts families first. This bill represents major, meaningful progress toward protecting chil-dren and supporting their families in cre-ating safe and stable homes. Pediatricians look forward to continuing to walk alongside bipartisan members of Congress to advance the bill toward a vote as soon as possible.’’ ### The American Academy or Pediatrics is an organization of 64,000 primary care pediatri-cians, pediatric medical subspecialists and pediatric surgical specialists dedicated to the health, safety and well-being of infants, children, adolescents, and young adults. For more information visit www.aap.org and fol-low us on Twitter @AmerAcadPeds. 
AMERICAN BARASSOCIATION , June 20, 2016. Subject: Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016 Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. V
ERNBUCHANAN , Chairman, Human Resources Subcommittee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. S
ANDY LEVIN, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , Ranking Member, Human Resources Sub-committee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the American Bar Association, with nearly 400,000 members, I write in support of H.R. 5456, the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016. The ABA has consistently advo-cated for policies that address key services and support for families involved in the child welfare system. We support reform of the federal child welfare financing structure to end fiscal incentives when placing children in foster care at the expense of providing services that can keep children and families safely together, and we also advocate for the reduction of the use of congregate residen-tial care settings as a long-term placement. The Family First Prevention Services Act takes crucial steps toward achieving these goals. Allowing use of federal child welfare funds under Title IV–E of the Social Security Act for preventive investments will benefit children and families tremendously by pro-viding opportunities for children to remain in their homes or with kin caregivers while needed supports and services are provided. Additionally, the legislation’s focus on en-suring that children entering foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most appro-priate family-like setting supports children’s well-being immensely. Additional provisions of the legislation significantly support vulnerable children and families, including: Extended funding for Court Improvement Program (CIP) Grants. Courts play an essen-tial role in ensuring safety and permanency for abused and neglected children, and CIP funds have had a great impact on the child welfare system, serving as a catalyst for es-sential judicial system reform. Extended funding for Title IV–B of the So-cial Security Act, Subparts 1 and 2. The Stephanie Tubbs Jones Child Welfare Serv-ices Program and the Promoting Safe and Stable Families Program provide vital sup-port to states’ efforts to protect and serve families, both by supporting immediate pre-ventive services while children remain at home and funding reunification services so that children can be safely returned home in a timely manner. The legislation’s elimi-nation of the time limit on reunification services under Title IV–B is a particularly important change, as it will not only allow families to benefit from services for longer periods of time, but will also make more families eligible for those services. Identification of model licensing standards for relative foster family homes. Model li-censing standards will help address barriers to licensure that relative caregivers face. Flexible standards will help ensure children are placed in safe and appropriate homes, while promoting the opportunity for more relatives and non-related caregivers to be-come foster parents. Providing a 50% federal match for evi-dence-based Kinship Navigator programs. These programs have provided critical serv-ices and information to support kinship care providers as they navigate multiple, complex systems while caring for children. Expanded access and other improvements to the John E. Chafee Foster Care Independ-ence Program. All current and former youth in foster care have a right to quality edu-cation, and these provisions provide addi-tional resources to help youth successfully transition to adulthood. In addition, evaluations of existing high quality legal representation programs for parents, children and caregivers—including representation prior to the child’s removal— have shown that investment made in these services results in improved systemic func-tioning: more families receive individualized services, fewer children suffer the trauma of unnecessary removals, children removed from home return sooner and with fewer dis-ruptions, and taxpayer dollars are saved. We thank you for your leadership on this important legislation and we stand ready to assist you with moving it forward. Should you have any questions or want additional information concerning our comments, please contact David Eppstein, Legislative Counsel, ABA Governmental Affairs Office or Robert Horowitz, Interim Director, ABA Center on Children and the Law. Sincerely, THOMAS M. S USMAN . 
AMERICAN PUBLIC  H
UMAN SERVICES ASSOCIATION , June 14, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chair, House of Represent-atives, Ways and Means Committee. Hon. V
ERN BUCHANAN , Chair, House of Rep-resentatives, Human Resources Subcommittee. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , Chair, U.S. Senate, Senate Finance Committee. Hon. S
ANDER LEVIN, Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Ways and Means Committee. Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Human Resources Subcommittee. Hon. R
ONWYDEN , Ranking Member, U.S. Senate, Senate Finance Committee. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEM-
BERLEVIN, CHAIRMAN BUCHANNAN AND RANK-
INGMEMBER DOGGETT , ANDCHAIRMAN HATCH  
ANDRANKING MEMBER WYDEN : The American Public Human Services Association (APHSA) and its affiliate, the National Association of Public Child Welfare Administrators (NAPCWA), on behalf of most of our state and local public child welfare administrators offer our support for the Family First Pre-vention Services Act of 2016 (H.R. 5456) and thank you for your leadership in introducing the bill. The legislation promotes a number of policy priorities our state and local mem-bers have identified as key to improving child and family well-being. These policies are part of APHSA’s Pathways Initiative, a broader framework for building a stronger, more sustainable human-services system. Under Pathways, we are working with our members to promote more integrated poli-cies (illustrated in the bill’s alignment of federal funds across the Title IV–E and IV–B programs); invest in outcomes (through the new Title IV–E foster care prevention pro-gram that provides funding for agencies to intervene earlier with families and decrease the need for placement in out-of-home set-tings); partnering for collective impact (ad-dressed in the reauthorized Regional Part-nership Grants) and others. Additionally, we appreciate the efforts you have made to address past concerns raised by our state and local public child welfare lead-ers. These include: Permitting the use of federal funds to pay for programs across the evidence-based spec-trum, to support promising practices and build knowledge about what works; Making Title IV–B funds available to states so that they may modernize their Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children (ICPC) services so children may be more quickly and effectively placed in appro-priate homes across state lines; Expanding parental substance abuse treat-ment through foster care maintenance pay-ments for children with parents in a licensed residential family-based treatment facility; Supporting the National Commission to Eliminate Child Abuse and Neglect Fatali-ties recommendation for states to develop a statewide plan to prevent fatalities resulting from cases of child abuse and neglect; Expanding the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Program for foster youth to age 23 and extending the educational train-ing vouchers for youth to age 26; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.005 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1040 July 6, 2016 
Other measures that guide out-of-home non-foster family placements, maintain serv-ices and programs for children and families, and incentivize permanency through adop-tion and guardianship placements. We appreciate your bipartisan, bicameral effort to address child welfare reform, and specifically, the longstanding policy priority to expand Title IV–E for prevention so that children and parents/caregivers have access to services and interventions that maintain family stability. While the bill presents an unprecedented opportunity and many of our key leaders have shared their perspectives and concerns with Committee staff, some members will need to fully examine and un-derstand the implications of each Title and section on their states and localities. We will continue to monitor and assess the impact of each Title and section to identify and share with you any unintended consequences. With Congress’ support, we can help to ensure that all children and families can develop and live to their full potential. Again, thank you very much for your hard work. We look forward to working with you and encourage you to contact Christina Crayton, Assistant Director, Policy and Gov-ernment Affairs with questions or to request additional information. Respectfully submitted, T
RACY WAREING EVANS , Executive Director, American Public Human Services As-sociation. J
ULIE KROW, President, National Association of Public Child Welfare Ad-ministrators, Deputy Executive Di-rector, Community Partnerships, Colo-rado Department of Human Services. 
CHILDREN AND FAMILY FUTURES , June 13, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , Chairman, Committee on Finance, U.S. Senate. Hon. V
ERNBUCHANAN , Chairman, Human Resources Subcommittee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. S
ANDY LEVIN, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. R
ONWYDEN , Ranking Member, Committee on Finance, U.S. Senate. Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , Ranking Member, Human Resources Sub-committee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. D
EAR WAYS AND MEANS AND SENATE FI-
NANCE COMMITTEE CHAIRMEN BRADY AND  H
ATCH , RANKING MEMBERS LEVIN AND WYDEN  
ANDHUMAN RESOURCES SUBCOMMITTEE CHAIR-
MAN BUCHANAN AND RANKING MEMBER DOG-
GETT : On behalf of Children and Family Fu-tures, I am pleased to share our support for the Family First Prevention Services Act (H.R. 5456) introduced today by House Ways and Means Human Resources Subcommittee Chairman Vern Buchanan (R–FL) and joined by eleven other bi-partisan original co-spon-sors. Children and Family Futures, a national nonprofit organization based in Lake Forest, California, has more than 20 years of experi-ence in improving outcomes for children at the intersection of child welfare and sub-stance use disorder treatment agencies and family courts. We recently had the oppor-tunity to testify at Senate Finance and Sen-ate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Hearings on the effects of opioids on our nation’s child welfare agencies. As you may know, there are 8.3 million children—al-most 11% of America’s children—who live with a parent who is alcoholic or needs treatment for illicit drug abuse. About two- thirds of the children who enter the child welfare system are affected by parents with substance use disorders, and when we ask children and youth in foster care what they need the most, they often ask for substance abuse treatment for their parents so that their family can stay together. Quality sub-stance abuse prevention and treatment is one of the cornerstones of a strong and effec-tive child welfare system. H.R. 5456 takes several critical steps to en-sure that parents and children receive the full range of supportive services they need to heal and thrive. By allowing federal IV–E dollars to be used in a time-limited way for evidence-based prevention services, includ-ing mental health, substance abuse preven-tion and in-home skill-based programs, the proposed legislation provides an unprece-dented opportunity for child welfare agen-cies to expand the services parents need to continue to care for their children safely without unnecessary foster care placements. In addition, allowing states to draw down Title IV–E foster care maintenance pay-ments on behalf of children who are placed in residential family treatment settings with a parent who is receiving treatment is another effective way to ensure that families can stay together while getting the services and supports they need to get back on their feet. For children whose parents struggle with al-cohol and illicit drug abuse, the elimination of the time limit to allow family reunifica-tion services to be provided to any child in foster care and for up to 15 months after a child is reunited with his or her biological family will allow children of parents who are still in the very first stages of recovery to get the ongoing help they need to maintain both stability and sobriety. CFF also strongly supports H.R. 5456’s re-authorization of the Regional Partnership Grant program that provides funding to state and regional grantees seeking to pro-vide evidence-based services to prevent child abuse and neglect related to substance abuse and revised grant requirements based on les-sons learned from the most effective past grants. In addition to updating the program to specifically address the opioid and heroin epidemic, the proposal legislation leverages what has been learned to ensure that new foster care prevention funding provided under the bill is used effectively. In addition to providing much-needed at-tention to prevention services for children and families who come to the attention of the child welfare system, the legislation’s provisions to reduce the over-reliance on group care facilities are an equally impor-tant step in supporting children and keeping families together. The legislation’s current approach to reducing unnecessary care while enhancing the protections and oversight for Qualified Residential Treatment Programs (QRTP) will ensure that young people who are struggling with their own substance use disorder or mental health issues have full ac-cess to clinically appropriate residential treatment options and that a continuum of quality services are available to help them transition back home to their families. Moreover, improving and expediting an effec-tive assessment process and increasing judi-cial oversight of placement decisions on an ongoing basis also represent significant progress in connecting young people with the right services on a timely basis while also maintaining positive family and community connections. Untreated substance use disorders are among the most critical and devastating cri-ses facing the nation’s children and families. Thanks to the leadership and bipartisanship demonstrated by members of the House Ways and Means and Senate Finance Committees, H.R. 5456 offers a range of innovative solu-tions designed to keep children and families together and provide the services and sup-ports they need to lead healthy and produc-tive lives. We are deeply appreciative of your collective work on this bill and are confident that, if passed, it will continue to help thou-sands children and families, now and for years to come. Sincerely, NANCY K. Y OUNG , Ph.D., Director. S
IDNEY L. G ARDNER , M.P.A., President. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ABBY STEINER 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Abby Steiner of Dublin Coffman High School for winning the Girls 100 and 200 Meter Dash in the Ohio High School Division I Track and Field State Championship. An achievement such as this certainly de-serves recognition. The Ohio High School Ath-letic Association has enabled talented teams and individuals to earn state titles since its founding in 1907. Throughout this time, the champions of OHSAA state level competitions have represented the highest achieving and most talented athletes in Ohio. Each year these elite competitors join the ranks of those who embody Ohio’s proud history of athletic success. Abby’s victory caps a tremendous season. This sort of achievement is earned only through many hours of practice, perspiration and hard work. She has set a new standard for future athletes to reach. Everyone at Dub-lin Coffman High School can be extremely proud of her performance. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate Abby Steiner on her state championships. I wish her continued success in both her athletic and academic endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF SALLY DENISE THORNBURG 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sally Denise Thornburg who is set to retire after beginning her career in nursing in 1973. During her 43-year career, Denise served in many roles, including Charge Nurse, Clinical Manager of the medical floor and nursing in the Intensive Care Unit. Sally Denise Thornburg joined El Centro Regional Medical Center (ECRMC) in 1973 after graduating from Imperial Valley College 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.006 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1041 July 6, 2016 
as part of the first class of its Registered Nurs-ing program. Denise got her start on the Med-ical-Surgical floor and within the first 2 months of receiving her license she was promoted to Charge Nurse and later to Clinical Manager. In 1985, Denise received the Certification for Adult, Pediatric and Neonatal Critical Care Nurses (CCRN), an advanced nursing spe-cialty she still holds today. This past April, she was recognized by the American Association of Critical-Care Nurses for being one of 397 RNs nationwide to hold this certification for over 30 years. During her retirement, she looks forward to volunteering in the Intensive Care Unit at ECRMC. I would like to commend Sally Denise Thornburg for her 43 years of dedication to ECRMC’s staff and for her commitment to ex-panding and improving medical services in Im-perial County. 
f 
FARM CREDIT CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, as we near the 100th anniversary of the Farm Credit System, I rise today to commend the cooperative own-ers and the employees of the Farm Credit System for their continuing service in meeting the credit and financial-services needs of rural communities and agriculture. I was pleased to cosponsor House Resolu-tion 591, commemorating the Farm Credit System’s centennial. The Farm Credit System was established by Congress through the Fed-eral Farm Loan Act of 1916, signed into law on July 17, 1916, by President Woodrow Wil-son. Congress designed the Farm Credit Sys-tem as a permanent means to support the well-being and prosperity of the Nation’s rural communities and agricultural producers of all types and sizes. The State of Vermont is served by Yankee Farm Credit, which provides more than $400 million in loans to more than 1,000 Vermont members, as well as financial-services such as recordkeeping, payroll, income tax prepara-tion, consulting, appraisal, and crop insurance. Nationwide the Farm Credit System pro-vides more than $237 billion in loans to more than 500,000 members. Yankee Farm Credit is involved in the agri-cultural community throughout Vermont, work-ing with Vermont’s Agency of Agriculture and other organizations and agencies such as the Vermont Agricultural Credit Corporation, the University of Vermont Extension Service, and the USDA’s Farm Service Agency. Yankee Farm Credit supports youth in agriculture. Yankee Farm Credit together with CoBank has provided more than $10,000 in grants each to 4–H and FFA in the past three years. Congress designed the Farm Credit System as a network of cooperatives, independently owned and controlled by its borrowers. The cooperative governance model, whereby direc-tors are accountable to the rest of the mem-bership is an important tenet of the Farm Credit System. Farm Credit has demonstrated its commit-ment to its customer owners in Vermont for a century, and we look forward to its continued commitment for the next one hundred years. IN HONOR OF THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ANNISTON ARMY DEPOT HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 75th Anniversary of the Anniston Army Depot in Anniston, Alabama. The Depot has a very rich history for its work in defense over the years. It continues to serve as an economic engine for Northeast Alabama. In March of 1940, the War Department began planning construction of the Depot and by early 1941, construction began. By Sep-tember, the Depot’s workforce was made up of four individuals, but by November of 1942, the workforce number grew to over 4,300 indi-viduals. In the 1950s, the Depot’s mission was to overhaul and repair combat vehicles. By the 1960s, reconditioning for a number of vehicles began. In August of 1962, the Depot was renamed to its current name today, the Anniston Army Depot, and became an installation under the jurisdiction of the Army Materiel Command. By 1963, maintenance and storage of chemical munitions began. In the 1970s, new vehicle overhauls began as well as conversions of vehicles and in the 1980s, missile maintenance was added as a new mission. In August of 1992, the Depot’s general sup-ply mission was assumed by the Defense Lo-gistics Agency (DLA) and in 1993, the Depot became a forerunner in Public-Private Partner-ships. In the mid-1990s, a chemical stockpile was transferred to the Anniston Chemical Activity under the Chemical and Biological Defense Command. In August of 2001, the Depot was des-ignated as the Center of Industrial and Tech-nical Excellence for Combat Vehicles, Artillery and Small Caliber Weapons by the Secretary of the Army. In 2002, the partnership with General Dynamics/General Motors on new production of Stryker vehicles began. In August of 2003, the Depot’s stockpile of chemical munitions began to be safely and se-curely destroyed at the Anniston Chemical Disposal Facility. By December, the Depot and other TACOM installations fabricated Armor Survivability Kits for HMMWVs in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. From 2004 through 2006, the fabrication sustainment for DOD M1 systems culminated in the creation of the Joint Assault Bridge and Assault Breacher Vehicle programs and by early 2006, production on damaged Stryker vehicles began. In March of 2006, the Depot named the DoD Center of Industrial and Technical Excel-lence for ground combat vehicles (excluding the Bradley), assault bridging, artillery and small caliber weapons. In October, the Depot was named the U.S. Army’s organic mainte-nance depot facility for the Stryker. By 2008, the first full-rate production Assault Breacher Vehicle was shipped to the U.S. Ma-rines and in early 2009, production of the Army’s Assault Breacher Vehicle began. In August of 2009, production operations began at the Powertrain Flexible Maintenance Facility for overhaul and repair work of recipro-cating diesel engines began and by Decem-ber, the Depot and General Dynamics Land Systems began a 50/50 partnership program to repair and reset Stryker vehicles. In March 2011, the new industrial waste-water treatment plant was completed and by May the first Stryker variant pilot overhaul pro-gram began for the Infantry Carrier Vehicle. In September 2001, the Anniston Chemical Activity completed demilitarization of chemical weapons along with the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility. In January 2012, production operations started in the Small Arms Repair Facility, col-located with DLA’s small arms storage facility. In May of 2012, production operations began at the Powertrain Transmission Facility. In May of 2014, the Depot held an induction ceremony for low-rate initial production of the M109A7 family of vehicles in partnership with BAE Systems. By August, the Depot held a rollout cere-mony for the Stryker Double V Hull Exchange Program in partnership with General Dynamics Land Systems. In September, the Depot was awarded the Army Award for Maintenance Ex-cellence for accomplishments in ABV program. Currently, construction has begun on a solar array in collaboration with Alabama Power, the Office of Energy Initiatives, the General Serv-ices Administration, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Mission and Installation Con-tracting Command. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Anniston Army Depot for the important work they do for our country and our warfighter and congratulate them on their 75th anniversary. 
f 
HONORING STAFF SERGEANT BRIAN DARLING 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the recent accomplishments of Staff Sergeant Brian Darling as well as to recognize his career of service to the United States of America. Staff Sergeant Darling recently completed the Advanced Leaders Course at The Judge Advocate General’s Legal Center and School in Charlottesville, Virginia. Staff Sergeant Dar-ling is a Paralegal Noncommissioned Officer serving in the Office of the Staff Judge Advo-cate, Joint Force Headquarters, New Jersey Army National Guard. He has recently re-turned from his third deployment overseas and is about to complete his second master’s de-gree. Staff Sergeant Darling is a decorated service member who has served our nation with honor and courage. He has managed to excel academically during his service, and bal-ance raising his son. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously proud to have Staff Sergeant Brian Darling as a selfless and dedicated member of their com-munity, who continues to serve and protect the freedoms and ideals of our nation. I am honored to recognize him for his recent grad-uation from the Advanced Leaders Course for his Military Occupational Specialty, as well as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.007 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1042 July 6, 2016 
for his dedication to completing a second mas-ter’s degree and to commend him for his out-standing service to his community and our country, before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATALIE PRICE 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Natalie Price of Granville High School for winning the Girls 400 Meter Run at the Di-vision I Ohio High School Track and Field State Championship. An achievement such as this certainly de-serves recognition. The Ohio High School Ath-letic Association has enabled talented teams and individuals to earn state titles since its founding in 1907. Throughout this time, the champions of OHSAA state level competitions have represented the highest achieving and most talented athletes in Ohio. Each year these elite competitors join the ranks of those who embody Ohio’s proud history of athletic success. Natalie’s victory caps a tremendous season. This sort of achievement is earned only through many hours of practice, perspiration and hard work. She has set a new standard for future athletes to reach. Everyone at Gran-ville High School can be extremely proud of her performance. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate Natalie Price on her state championship. I wish her continued success in both her athletic and academic endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHIGOZIE CHRISTIANA UDEMEZUE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Attorney Chigozie ‘‘Gozie’’ Christiana Udemezue on her remarkable ef-forts on behalf of widows and children in Afri-ca and around the world. Gozie was born in Enugu, Nigeria in 1971. Early in her academic career she showed in-credible aptitude towards educational pursuits, placing highly in her classes and dem-onstrating the scholarship to continue her edu-cation. Gozie pursued Law at Enugu State University of Science and Technology. A child-hood dream of Gozie’s was to become a law-yer, because she wanted to be in a position to help others. This was a dream that she even-tually fulfilled. She had the opportunity to pur-sue a Master of Laws Degree at the University of London in International Human Rights Law, and continues her pursuit of knowledge still today. When she was eight years old, Gozie lost her mother and she was left in the care of an older relative. This developed her under-standing of how difficult life could be when families are pulled apart by death, conflict, or other reasons. In 1994, Gozie was married to Chief Emeka Udemezue and they lived hap-pily together for many years, they had three children together. Unfortunately, Chief Udemezue passed away before their third child was born, leaving Gozie to raise her chil-dren on her own. In many parts of Africa, local, state, and na-tional laws dictate that when a husband passes away, the property and holdings of that man pass to his brothers and not to his wife and family. Often in these situations the wife and children are left with nothing, forced to fend for themselves with no resources or protections. Seeing this injustice, Gozie and Chief Udemezue established a fund to take care of these widows and their children. Three years later, her husband passed away, and Gozie experienced and fought this injustice first hand. The Udemezue’s established the Healing Hearts Widows Support Foundation (HHWSF). The HHWSF has provided support to over five thousand widows throughout Nigeria, providing medical support, food, loans, education, and legal financial support to widows who are fighting to maintain the lives that they led. In 2014, Gozie established the ‘‘Adopt-a-Widow’’ program, utilizing social media to solicit funds worldwide to help support these efforts. The HHWSF has fought to change the constitution in Nigeria, and works with local leaders to fix the laws and application of the laws in local communities. Gozie continues to act as a powerful presence in the media, reaching out to, and educating widows across Nigeria about their rights and the support that is available to them. It is important to recognize that this work is not without danger, in many areas, Gozie’s work is met with the threat of violence and intimidation, for her attempts to change the status quo. Despite those dangers, she marches on, fighting this injustice whenever, and wherever she can. Gozie Udemezue is an incredible woman and deserves our gratitude and appreciation for her trailblazing work. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Chigozie Christiana Udemezue for her contributions to humanity. I thank her for her leadership and commitment, and wish her many years of success and happiness. 
f 
HONORING THE 1,050TH ANNIVER-SARY OF POLAND’S CHRISTI-ANITY AND FOUNDING 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 1,050th Anniversary of Poland’s Christianity and founding as a nation. I want to recognize the group of Polish or-ganizations and leaders, which include the Polish American Congress, who are a corner-stone of our community in the Tenth District of Illinois. These groups organized a celebration of this Anniversary, which along with other celebrations, will bring communities together to commemorate this important time in Po-land’s history. I wish the Polish-American community all the best at their celebration, and I look forward to continuing to work with our Polish American community to amplify their voice in the United States Congress. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,316,931,693,227.11. We’ve added $8,690,054,644,314.03 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes on Tuesday, July 5, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call votes 343, 344, 345, 346, 347, 348, 349 and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 350. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MR. BRUCE CHARENDOFF ON BEING AP-POINTED TO THE TRAVEL AND TOURISM ADVISORY BOARD 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Bruce Charendoff, the Chief Public Policy Officer for Sabre, on his 2- year appointment to the Travel and Tourism Advisory Board. Sabre is a cutting edge technology company that transforms travel and is headquartered in Southlake, Texas. Sabre employs over 10,000 people worldwide and over 2,500 are in my district. The Travel and Tourism Advisory Board (‘‘TTAB’’) was first chartered in 2003 and serves as the advisory body to the Sec-retary of Commerce. The TTAB focuses on the travel and tourism industry in the United States. The 32-member board is responsible for tackling important issues including travel promotion, sustainable tourism, visa policy and data and research by providing important guid-ance and strategies that facilitate collaboration between the public and private sectors. Mr. Charendoff is uniquely qualified to fulfill the duties of the TTAB because he has been part of the travel and tourism ecosystem for over 25 years. Besides being a board member for the TTAB he is the Chairman of the Travel Technology Association, Executive Committee and Board member of the U.S. Travel Asso-ciation, a member of the Board of Directors of the European Travel and Technology Services Association and on the Corporate Advisory Council of the American Society of Travel Agents. As the Chief Public Policy Officer at Sabre he has been instrumental and a proven 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.010 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1043 July 6, 2016 
leader in advocating on issues that directly im-pact the company and the travel and tourism industry. On behalf of the citizens of the 24th District of Texas, I want to thank Mr. Bruce Charendoff for his service and dedication to maintaining a strong and vibrant travel and tourism industry. As we all know, travel is vi-tally important to our nation’s and Texas’s economic growth so it is good to know we have a strong advocate looking out for our in-terests. Again, congratulations to Mr. Charendoff on his appointment to the TTAB. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICAELA D
EGENERO 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Micaela DeGenero of Granville High School for winning the Girls 1600 Meter Run at the Division I Ohio High School Track and Field State Championship. An achievement such as this certainly de-serves recognition. The Ohio High School Ath-letic Association has enabled talented teams and individuals to earn state titles since its founding in 1907. Throughout this time, the champions of OHSAA state level competitions have represented the highest achieving and most talented athletes in Ohio. Each year these elite competitors join the ranks of those who embody Ohio’s proud history of athletic success. Micaela’s victory caps a tremendous sea-son. This sort of achievement is earned only through many hours of practice, perspiration and hard work. She has set a new standard for future athletes to reach. Everyone at Gran-ville High School can be extremely proud of her performance. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate Micaela DeGenero on her state championship. I wish her continued success in both her athletic and academic endeavors. 
f 
EXCHANGE OF LETTERS ON S. 2845 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I submit the fol-lowing exchange of letters with the Chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary regarding S. 2845, the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Extension Act of 2016. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 29, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to S. 2845, the ‘‘Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Extension Act of 2016,’’ which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provi-sions in S. 2845 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judici-ary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of S. 2845 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to S. 2845, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of S. 2845. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 29, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on S. 2845, the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Extension Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its ju-risdictional prerogatives on this bill or simi-lar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on S. 2845 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BEMIS COM-PANY’S WEST HAZLETON PLANT UPON THE OCCASION OF THEIR 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the employees of the Bemis Company’s West Hazleton plant, who, for 50 years, have supplied innovative packing mate-rials that are used to safely transport food. The West Hazleton plant has played an impor-tant role in my district over the last five dec-ades, employing over 400 people in the great-er Hazleton area. They are an active sponsor of community events and exemplify the strong partnership that can exist between private em-ployers and a local region. The Hazleton plant has operated under sev-eral names throughout the years, becoming Bemis in 1993. The company prides itself on promoting a family-friendly environment, and for several families this has been a multi- generational employer. When you go to the grocery store or bakery, you’re seeing the work of Hazleton employees—they make the bags for bread, rolls, buns, and bagels for thousands of products. Their Hazleton employ-ees produce approximately 2.5 billion bread bags annually and use their expertise in poly-mer chemistry to supply the global food supply chain with reliable packaging. I am also honored to recognize Mrs. Emily Logan upon the occasion of her 50th anniver-sary with Bemis. Such a milestone is increas-ingly rare in today’s society, and this milestone speaks both to the talent of the employee and the work environment of the employer. Bemis also understands the importance of engaging with the broader community to create lasting bonds. The company is a member of the Ha-zleton Chamber of Commerce, participates in local food drives, supports Relay For Life, and participates in career fairs at Hazleton High School. These community initiatives have cre-ated lasting partnerships and continue to pro-vide opportunities for my constituents and all residents in Northeastern Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize Bemis Hazleton upon 50 years of operation in my district and hometown. Bemis Hazleton has enjoyed continued success because of their unwavering commitment to their employ-ees and the community in which they operate. This productive manufacturing facility con-tinues to bring prosperity and employment op-portunities to my constituents, and I look for-ward to the facility’s continued success and in-novation in the years to come. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHARLES RUTAN 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Charles A. ‘‘Chuck’’ Rutan on his recent election to the Board of Directors of the National Association of Federal Credit Unions. Mr. Rutan currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Southwest Airlines Federal Credit Union, located in Dallas, Texas. He has 40 years of experience in the financial services industry, serving as a credit union CEO for over 25 years, including the last 8 years at Southwest. Mr. Rutan is a passionate leader in the credit union community, having served in numerous volunteer positions. This includes 14 years on the Illinois Credit Union League Board, where he chaired numerous committees and served as Board Chairman in 2000–2001. Mr. Rutan currently serves on NAFCU’s Legislative Committee and attends several NAFCU events every year, including the an-nual NAFCU Congressional Caucus. He has a deep understanding of legislative and regu-latory issues facing credit unions across the county. I am confident that his expertise and years of experience will benefit the NAFCU Board and local credit unions for years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.015 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1044 July 6, 2016 
Mr. Rutan received his bachelor’s degree from Eastern Illinois University in 1975 and his CPA certification from the University of Illinois in 1976. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Chuck Rutan and wishing him the best of luck in his new role on the NAFCU Board of Directors. I look forward to working with him in this regard. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ANNA WATSON 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Anna Watson of Olentangy Orange High School for winning the Girls Pole Vault Event at the Division I Ohio High School Track and Field State Championship. An achievement such as this certainly de-serves recognition. The Ohio High School Ath-letic Association has enabled talented teams and individuals to earn state titles since its founding in 1907. Throughout this time, the champions of OHSAA state level competitions have represented the highest achieving and most talented athletes in Ohio. Each year these elite competitors join the ranks of those who embody Ohio’s proud history of athletic success. Anna’s victory caps a tremendous season. This sort of achievement is earned only through many hours of practice, perspiration and hard work. She has set a new standard for future athletes to reach. Everyone at Olentangy Orange High School can be ex-tremely proud of her performance. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate Anna Watson on her state championship. I wish her continued success in both her athletic and academic endeavors. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Colorado Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives, I am highlighting an issue of importance to Colorado and its community of senior citizens. Earlier this year, Congress passed the Older Americans Act Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016 and sent it to the President for his signature. This reauthorization ensures that a wide range of social and nutritional services directed to assist senior citizens is not disrupted. While the reauthorization im-proves the status quo for the state of Colo-rado, I still have concerns about the continuing inequity in funding going to our state in com-parison to the rest of the country. In an attempt to protect certain states with shrinking senior populations, in 2006 Con-gress changed the Older Americans Act fund-ing formula to ensure states received a guar-anteed funding level. This is known as the ‘‘Hold Harmless Funding Formula.’’ Due to Colorado’s growing senior population and this provision from 2006, Colorado (among other states) saw massive cuts during sequestration when other states did not. Instead of allowing the funding to go to states with growing senior populations, the hold harmless funding formula in the current reauthorization continues the disproportionate trend by preventing funding in states with lower senior populations from going to states with growing levels of senior citizens. While I am supportive of the services provided by the Older Americans Act, Congress’ priority should be ensuring the stability of the programs upon which millions of seniors around the country depend. I believe that moving forward, it is impera-tive that steps are taken in future reauthoriza-tions to safeguard services for all seniors re-gardless of their state of residence. It is my hope that as Congress continues to address issues that are important to all senior citizens we find a path forward to address the issue I’ve raised today. f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Colorado Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives, I am high-lighting an issue of importance to Colorado and its community of senior citizens. Earlier this year, Congress passed the Older Ameri-cans Act Reauthorization Act of 2016 and sent it to the President for his signature. This reau-thorization ensures that a wide range of social and nutritional services, directed to assist sen-ior citizens, is not disrupted. While the reau-thorization improves the status quo for the state of Colorado, I still have concerns about the continuing inequity in funding going to our state in comparison to the rest of the country. In an attempt to protect certain states with shrinking senior populations, Congress in 2006 changed the Older Americans Act fund-ing formula to ensure states received a guar-anteed funding level. This is known as the ‘‘Hold Harmless Funding Formula.’’ Due to Colorado’s growing senior population and this provision from 2006, Colorado (among other states) saw massive cuts during sequestration when other states did not. Instead of allowing the funding to go to states with growing senior populations, the hold harmless funding formula in the current reauthorization continues the disproportionate trend. It prevents funding in states with lower senior populations from going to states with growing levels of senior citizens. While I am supportive of the services provided by the Older Americans Act, Congress’ priority should be ensuring the stability of the programs upon which millions of seniors around the country depend. I believe that moving forward, it is impera-tive that steps are taken in future reauthoriza-tions to safeguard services for all seniors re-gardless of their state of residence. It is my hope that as Congress continues to address issues that are important to all senior citizens, we find a path forward to address the issue I’ve raised today. OLDER AMERICANS ACT HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Colorado Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives, I am highlighting an issue of importance to Colorado and its community of senior citizens. Earlier this year, Congress passed the Older Americans Act Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016 and sent it to the President for his signature. This reauthorization ensures that a wide range of social and nutritional services, directed to assist senior citizens, is not disrupted. While the reauthorization im-proves the status quo for the state of Colo-rado, I still have concerns about the continuing inequity in funding going to our state in com-parison to the rest of the country. In an attempt to protect certain states with shrinking senior populations, Congress in 2006 changed the Older Americans Act fund-ing formula to ensure states received a guar-anteed funding level. This is known as the ‘‘Hold Harmless Funding Formula.’’ Due to Colorado’s growing senior population and this provision from 2006, Colorado (among other states) saw massive cuts during sequestration when other states did not. Instead of allowing the funding to go to states with growing senior populations, the hold harmless funding formula in the current reauthorization continues the disproportionate trend. It prevents funding in states with lower senior populations from going to states with growing levels of senior citizens. While I am supportive of the services provided by the Older Americans Act, Congress’ priority should be ensuring the stability of the programs upon which millions of seniors around the country depend. I believe that moving forward, it is impera-tive that steps are taken in future reauthoriza-tions to safeguard services for all seniors re-gardless of their state of residence. It is my hope that as Congress continues to address issues that are important to all senior citizens, we find a path forward to address the issue I’ve raised today. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Colorado Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives, I am highlighting an issue of importance to Colorado and its community of senior citizens. Earlier this year, Congress passed the Older Americans Act Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016 and sent it to the President for his signature. This reauthorization ensures that a wide range of social and nutritional services, directed to assist senior citizens, is not disrupted. While the reauthorization im-proves the status quo for the state of Colo-rado, I still have concerns about the continuing inequity in funding going to our state in com-parison to the rest of the country. In an attempt to protect certain states with shrinking senior populations, Congress in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.018 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1045 July 6, 2016 
2006 changed the Older Americans Act fund-ing formula to ensure states received a guar-anteed funding level. This is known as the ‘‘Hold Harmless Funding Formula.’’ Due to Colorado’s growing senior population and this provision from 2006, Colorado (among other states) saw massive cuts during sequestration when other states did not. Instead of allowing the funding to go to states with growing senior populations, the hold harmless funding formula in the current reauthorization continues the disproportionate trend. It prevents funding in states with lower senior populations from going to states with growing levels of senior citizens. While I am supportive of the services provided by the Older Americans Act, Congress’ priority should be ensuring the stability of the programs upon which millions of seniors around the country depend. I believe that moving forward, it is impera-tive that steps are taken in future reauthoriza-tions to safeguard services for all seniors re-gardless of their state of residence. It is my hope that as Congress continues to address issues that are important to all senior citizens, we find a path forward to address the issue I’ve raised today. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Colorado Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives, I am highlighting an issue of importance to Colorado and its community of senior citizens. Earlier this year, Congress passed the Older Americans Act Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016 and sent it to the President for his signature. This reauthorization ensures that a wide range of social and nutritional services, directed to assist senior citizens, is not disrupted. While the reauthorization im-proves the status quo for the state of Colo-rado, I still have concerns about the continuing inequity in funding going to our state in com-parison to the rest of the country. In an attempt to protect certain states with shrinking senior populations, Congress in 2006 changed the Older Americans Act fund-ing formula to ensure states received a guar-anteed funding level. This is known as the ‘‘Hold Harmless Funding Formula.’’ Due to Colorado’s growing senior population and this provision from 2006, Colorado (among other states) saw massive cuts during sequestration when other states did not. Instead of allowing the funding to go to states with growing senior populations, the hold harmless funding formula in the current reauthorization continues the disproportionate trend. It prevents funding in states with lower senior populations from going to states with growing levels of senior citizens. While I am supportive of the services provided by the Older Americans Act, Congress’ priority should be ensuring the stability of the programs upon which millions of seniors around the country depend. I believe that moving forward, it is impera-tive that steps are taken in future reauthoriza-tions to safeguard services for all seniors re-gardless of their state of residence. It is my hope that as Congress continues to address issues that are important to all senior citizens, we find a path forward to address the issue I’ve raised today. f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Colorado Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives, I am highlighting an issue of importance to Colorado and its community of senior citizens. Earlier this year, Congress passed the Older Americans Act Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016 and sent it to the President for his signature. This reauthorization ensures that a wide range of social and nutritional services, directed to assist senior citizens, is not disrupted. While the reauthorization im-proves the status quo for the state of Colo-rado, I still have concerns about the continuing inequity in funding going to our state in com-parison to the rest of the country. In an attempt to protect certain states with shrinking senior populations, Congress in 2006 changed the Older Americans Act fund-ing formula to ensure states received a guar-anteed funding level. This is known as the ‘‘Hold Harmless Funding Formula.’’ Due to Colorado’s growing senior population and this provision from 2006, Colorado (among other states) saw massive cuts during sequestration when other states did not. Instead of allowing the funding to go to states with growing senior populations, the hold harmless funding formula in the current reauthorization continues the disproportionate trend. It prevents funding in states with lower senior populations from going to states with growing levels of senior citizens. While I am supportive of the services provided by the Older Americans Act, Congress’ priority should be ensuring the stability of the programs upon which millions of seniors around the country depend. I believe that moving forward, it is impera-tive that steps are taken in future reauthoriza-tions to safeguard services for all seniors re-gardless of their state of residence. It is my hope that as Congress continues to address issues that are important to all senior citizens, we find a path forward to address the issue I’ve raised today. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Colorado Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives, I am highlighting an issue of importance to Colorado and its community of senior citizens. Earlier this year, Congress passed the Older Americans Act Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016 and sent it to the President for his signature. This reauthorization ensures that a wide range of social and nutritional services, directed to assist senior citizens, is not disrupted. While the reauthorization im-proves the status quo for the state of Colo-rado, I still have concerns about the continuing inequity in funding going to our state in com-parison to the rest of the country. In an attempt to protect certain states with shrinking senior populations, Congress in 2006 changed the Older Americans Act fund-ing formula to ensure states received a guar-anteed funding level. This is known as the ‘‘Hold Harmless Funding Formula.’’ Due to Colorado’s growing senior population and this provision from 2006, Colorado (among other states) saw massive cuts during sequestration when other states did not. Instead of allowing the funding to go to states with growing senior populations, the hold harmless funding formula in the current reauthorization continues the disproportionate trend. It prevents funding in states with lower senior populations from going to states with growing levels of senior citizens. While I am supportive of the services provided by the Older Americans Act, Congress’ priority should be ensuring the stability of the programs upon which millions of seniors around the country depend. In believe that moving forward, it is impera-tive that steps are taken in future reauthoriza-tions to safeguard services for all seniors re-gardless of their state of residence. It is my hope that as Congress continues to address issues that are important to all senior citizens, we find a path forward to address the issue I’ve raised today. f 
HAN WEN ZHANG SELECTED AS EXCHANGE CLUB OF SUGAR LAND’S YOUTH OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-late Han Wen Zhang of Clements High School for being selected as the Exchange Club of Sugar Land’s Youth of the Year. Han Wen, a senior at Clements High School, was submitted as a Youth of the Year by the Sugar Land Exchange Club. This honor recognizes students who have attained high levels of scholastic achievement, community involvement and leadership. Han Wen em-bodies these characteristics. She is not only an AP National Scholar, but also fluent in English, Chinese and French. She has been issued a diploma of proficiency by The French Ministry of National Education and has taught French at Colony Bend Elementary School. Han Wen won first place in the Clements High School Texas French Symposium in the indi-vidual experienced division. She is also the President of the French National Honor Soci-ety and former President of the French Club. She has also worked on art projects with DePelchin Center and Advocates of Healthy Minds in Fort Bend County. Having achieved so much in her young life, we can only imag-ine the great accomplishments that lie in her future. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Han Wen Zhang for being selected as the Exchange Club of Sugar Land’s Youth of the Year. Our community is very proud of her and can’t wait to see what she does next. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.022 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1046 July 6, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ST. FRANCIS D
ESALES HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS LACROSSE TEAM 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize St. Francis DeSales High School for winning the Division II Ohio High School Girls Lacrosse State Championship. An achievement such as this certainly de-serves recognition. The Ohio High School Ath-letic Association has enabled talented teams and individuals to earn state titles since its founding in 1907. Throughout this time, the champions of OHSAA state level competitions have represented the highest achieving and most talented athletes in Ohio. Each year these elite competitors join the ranks of those who embody Ohio’s proud history of athletic success. DeSales’ victory caps a tremendous season. This sort of achievement is earned only through many hours of practice, perspiration and hard work. They have set a new standard for future athletes to reach. Everyone at St. Francis DeSales High School can be ex-tremely proud of their performance. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate the St. Francis DeSales High School Girls Lacrosse Team on their state championship. I wish their team continued success in their future athletic endeavors. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF THE SLAIN AFTER THE ONE-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE MOTHER EMANUEL AME CHURCH MASSACRE 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of the nine men and women who were murdered in my district at the Mother Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina on June 17, 2015. With it now being just over a year since the tragedy occurred, our thoughts and prayers continue to go out to the victims and their fam-ilies. Their names once again are Cynthia Graham Hurd, Susie Jackson, Ethel Lance, The Reverend DePayne Middleton-Doctor, The Reverend Clementa C. Pinckney, Tywanza Sanders, The Reverend Daniel Sim-mons Sr., The Reverend Sharonda Coleman- Singleton, and Myra Thompson. I submit this poem penned in their honor by Albert Carey Caswell. 
IN THE DARKEST OF ALL NIGHTS  In the darkest of all nights When all hope seems to taken flight While, such heartache begins, so ignites As evil has its day Only then can faith upon us shine its bright light As from out of these the darkest of all nights To so fight the good fight Of Good vs. Evil, for we are all God’s chosen people to wipe out this blight And when it all seems without reason or rhyme, all in hatred darkest of times Seasons Remember it is not by chance, for this battle has always raged since the be-ginning of man For there is darkness, and there is Light We choose the side upon which we wish to so fight Let us enjoin now as Black and as White As American’s first, colorblind to hatred’s sight For we all have the same heart For we are all are born to live and to die, and to play our part As all of those Mothers who now stand with tears in their eyes and broken hearts But remember my friends, over The Darkness of Evil we all can so fend Because The Darkness is no match for The Light, if together we enjoin in this fight If we ask our Lord for the strength for this battle to win In this most unspeakable of all crimes in our Lord’s house in this sin As they knelt down to pray, as around a total stranger their arms they had laid To commune and speak of our Lord, as together they prayed As those nine future Angels were so soon to be on heaven’s way As they did not realize before them what Evil so lay But remember my friends, the face of evil can so easily be hidden away In these The darkest of all nights, darkest of all days As nine beautiful souls of gold, were taken from all of us this day From our world in evil’s blight as they prayed As our world has been cheated of The Light that they gave As nine families across South Carolina so weep on this day And hate is hard, and oh how upon me it so weighs When, I see all those tears in your families faces As we now so weep all in what their beautiful lives were to keep But through all of this darkness we all must somehow be brave And if we look closely, we can still see their light through all of that pain As all across Charleston on this night but comes a gentle rain Washing down upon their loved ones to so ease their pain for these are the tears of our Lord, upon them to remain Until, up in Heaven you all meet again, and you won’t have to cry no more Take heart my brothers and sisters, all of your loved ones in Heaven remain as Angels the same And you will hear them on the wind And when you awake, you will feel them next to you where they’ve been For they are Angels now in the Army of our Lord To watch over you time and again To fight this war which has always been Now, let us find rest Let, us find peace Let us be as strong as once had all these all in their beliefs Let us not us find the same such dark hatred which evil so keeps As united together we stand, let us put arms around each other women, child, and man Black or White, let us not follow the hatred’s same disease As it’s time to bring all of our love and light to fight The Beast And from a distance what seems like the worst Perhaps isn’t, for up in Heaven we all wish to wake As its down here on Earth, in the darkest of all nights we must fight evil curse Goodness. Evil. Darkness. Light. Those braves hearts who Evil must fight Who bring their Light As together enjoined, as we battle on into the darkest of all nights And its in our faith this day which will help us move on For Evil and Darkness are no match for The Light In these the darkest all nights Amen! f HONORING HOWARD L. CHAMBERS, LEGENDARY LAKEWOOD CITY MANAGER 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, Howard L. Chambers, who has served as the city man-ager of the City of Lakewood for four decades, is the California city manager with the longest tenure in the same city—this in a profession where the average length of service in Cali-fornia is about seven years. A lifelong member of the Lakewood commu-nity, Howard grew up near Mayfair Park, went to neighborhood schools, and worked at the YMCA. After earning his degree at Cal State Long Beach, Howard interned at the City of Lake-wood for two years, handling youth services. He then went to work with the City of Rosemead as an assistant city manager. Howard returned to Lakewood in 1972 in the role of an executive assistant to the city manager. In 1976, he was named acting city administrator and shortly thereafter hired to permanently fill the position, which was later re-titled as city manager, by the city council. During his 40-year tenure as a city man-ager, Howard Chambers has become a re-spected leader among area city managers, al-ways willing to take the time to share his pro-fessional experience with his colleagues on issues affecting Southern California, its resi-dents, and its infrastructure. Howard has also worked tirelessly and ef-fectively on ad hoc committees and coalitions to address federal, state, and local issues, and has never shied away from a principled battle. As a long-term member of the International City/County Management Association (ICMA), Chairman of the Southeast Los Angeles Coun-ty Municipal Management Group, the Cali-fornia Contract Cities Association, and a mem-ber of the League of California Cities’ City Managers Division, Howard has worked with elected and appointed city officials, legislators, regulators, the business community, residents, and others to achieve solutions to the critical issues affecting local governments. In addition to his public service, Howard Chambers has made community service a pri-ority. His involvement includes the Lakewood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JY8.008 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1047 July 6, 2016 
Rotary Club, the Weingart-Lakewood Family YMCA, Lakewood Special Olympics, the American Heart Association, Su Casa Ending Domestic Violence, Lakewood Regional Hos-pital, Kris Kringle Charity Golf Tournament, and Project Shepherd. For his sustained excellence, he has been recognized throughout his career by a variety of organizations including ICMA, Harvard Uni-versity John F. Kennedy School of Govern-ment, California Jaycees, YMCA, Lakewood City Council, Lakewood City Employees Asso-ciation, and Su Casa Ending Domestic Vio-lence. During his tenure, Howard Chambers man-aged the city’s largest public works project in its first 50 years: the $16 million improvement of the Lakewood Civic Center and construction of The Centre at Sycamore Plaza. He later oversaw the $21-million expansion and mod-ernization of the Lakewood Sheriff’s Station, the largest single project in the city’s history. The sheriff’s station expansion project was completed without a new tax, tax increase, or special assessment. Howard Chambers is considered a legend in the city management profession and is known for his ability to build working relationships with city staffers, civic leaders, and state legis-lators. He also is a role model for his peers. Known for his ‘‘teachable moments,’’ he has become a mentor and teacher to new city managers. He has been and will continue to be passionate about local government, and his involvement in community activities and achievements in public service have resulted in significant benefits to Lakewood and sur-rounding communities. During his four decades of service, Lake-wood has deservedly earned many awards for the quality of its services, its commitment to responsive government, and its innovations. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 349 for final passage of H.R. 4854 and Roll Call Number 350 for final passage of H.R. 4855, which took place Tuesday July 5, 2016, I am not recorded because I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on both bills. 
f 
NOLAN RYAN JR. HIGH ADVANCES TO NATIONAL SEAPERCH CHAL-LENGE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Pearland, TX Nolan Ryan Jr. High Wave Riders, for placing third overall in the Middle School Class at the National SeaPerch Challenge at Louisiana State Uni-versity. The U.S. Navy National SeaPerch Chal-lenge is an underwater robotics competition. Nolan Ryan Jr. High qualified for nationals by finishing in the top seven overall teams at the regional competition. The team built and oper-ated their own remotely-operated vehicles that function underwater and are designed to com-plete an obstacle course. The SeaPerch Chal-lenge competition judges the students’ under-water vehicles in poster and interview first, and then two underwater challenges follow. The first being an obstacle course and the second being an orbs challenge where the students move different sized balls into sub-merged containers. The students develop problem-solving, teamwork and technical skills through this competition. They were awarded 3rd Place Overall in the Middle School Class. We are very proud of what these bright young students have accomplished. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Nolan Ryan Jr. High Wave Riders for placing third at the National SeaPerch Chal-lenge. Keep up the great work. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICHAEL FENSTER 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Michael Fenster of New Albany High School for winning the Boys Seated 800 Meter Run in the Division I Ohio High School Track and Field State Championship. An achievement such as this certainly de-serves recognition. The Ohio High School Ath-letic Association has enabled talented teams and individuals to earn state titles since its founding in 1907. Throughout this time, the champions of OHSAA state level competitions have represented the highest achieving and most talented athletes in Ohio. Each year these elite competitors join the ranks of those who embody Ohio’s proud history of athletic success. Michael’s victory caps a tremendous sea-son. This sort of achievement is earned only through many hours of practice, perspiration and hard work. He has set a new standard for future athletes to reach. Everyone at New Al-bany High School can be extremely proud of his performance. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate Michael Fenster on his state championship. I wish him continued success in both his athletic and academic endeavors. 
f 
GUNS AND THE MARIANAS 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, people I rep-resent in the Northern Marianas are con-cerned that guns could become more common in our islands, more easily obtained, and a threat to public safety. We do have guns: for hunting, for target practice. Police officers carry weapons. And we have had tragedies: a child shot accidentally, a mass murder/suicide. But generally people feel safe. We do not worry that someone may get a gun and use it for the wrong reasons. That feeling of safety changed recently. The federal court ruled that the Supreme Court’s Heller decision applied in our islands; and people had a right to keep a handgun in their home. I understand that deci-sion. The second amendment applies in our islands. We voted to make it apply, when we joined the United States forty years ago. But the people I represent do not want to see handguns everywhere in our community. We certainly do not want the kind of assault rifles that terrorists use—most recently in Orlando. And our local legislature has taken action to limit handguns and ban assault rifles. I support those actions. I support the right of small com-munities like my own to decide for themselves about guns. f 
RECOGNIZING THE UT TYLER PA-TRIOTS’ 2016 NATIONAL SOFT-BALL CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE 
HON LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I stand today to honor the University of Texas at Tyler Patriots on a spectacular 2016 softball season in which they have domi-nated all challengers to capture the NCAA Di-vision III World Series title. The UT Tyler Patriots finished as national runners-up in 2015, but boasted 25 shutouts going into the 2016 finals. The Patriots went 5–1 at the national tour-nament held in Salem, Virginia, ultimately de-feating the Messiah College Falcons by the score of 3–0 and a score in the title-clinching game of 7–0 to become the national cham-pions. The championship success of this excep-tional UT Tyler ladies team is a tribute not only to all those who had their skills and deter-mination tested as players, but is also a testi-mony to all those who have assisted them in reaching their goal. The teamwork and discipline utilized to be-come champions should help all involved to know that no matter what obstacles may be thrown in their paths, they can overcome them and prevail. Heartfelt congratulations are ex-tended to all the athletic staff including Head Coach Mike Reed, Assistant Coaches Whitney Wyly, Christa Hartnett, Anthony Springer and Coby Gipson, and Athletic Trainer Lexie Fos-ter. The team members responsible for bringing this championship title home to east Texas in-cludes Freshmen: Cheyenne Thompson, Abby Hall, Jade Green, Alli Ramsey; Sophomores: Rose Sullivan, Kailey Henderson, Hannah Moore, Kelsie McEachern, Kursten Jaime; Juniors: Kaylee Prather, Bianca Van Vlerah, Jaiden Rawls, Lexi Ackroyd, Mel Hinojosa, Alaina Kissinger, KK Stevens; and Seniors: Kristin Lopez, Britney Bledsoe, Emilee Burkhardt, Raven Rodriguez, Jackie Mendez, Vanessa Carrizales, and Kelsie Batten. It is my most esteemed honor to applaud everyone involved with this championship quest. May God continue to bless these young women, their families and their friends. Congratulations to the 2016 National Cham-pion UT Tyler Patriots, as their NCAA Division 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JY8.012 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1048 July 6, 2016 
III College World Series title is now recorded and applauded in the U.S. C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD that will endure as long as there is a United States of America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDIANA’S NEW CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate the individuals who took their oath of citizenship on July 4, 2016. In true patriotic fashion, on the day of our great Nation’s celebration of independence, a natu-ralization ceremony took place, welcoming new citizens of the United States of America. This memorable occasion, coordinated by the League of Women Voters of the Calumet Area and presided over by Magistrate Judge An-drew Rodovich, was held at The Pavilion at Wolf Lake in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. The oath ceremony was a shining exam-ple of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as mem-bers of a free, democratic nation. These indi-viduals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On July 4, 2016, the following people, rep-resenting many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, In-diana: Robert Ian Macmahon, Francisco Javier Coronado Longoria, Ann Zeno, Eiman Faiz Hamoudeh, Bolanle Olusanya, Frank Ajisafe Olusanya, Manal Hany Mamdoh Altahan, Dhaisy Borgonia Sniadecki, Juan Villegas Macias, Samer Bedaywi, Ami Jageshkumar Patel, Jageshkumar Kirtikumar Patel, Himali Jageshkumar Patel, Susan Wambui Njoroge, Swati Virendrakumar Gupta, Aimee Sebastian Dela Cruz, Joewil Dacuycuy, Jose Antonio Aguado, Naba Al Ammarei, Juan Alcantar, Te-resa Arroyo, Kevin Yue Chen, Marco Coria, Ariadna Margie Corral, Martin Antonio Da Costa, Cristal Garcia, Marta Maria Ghunaim, Luz Del Carmen Hernandez-Valdez, Nisrein Abdel Alhakam Odeh Issa, Sondos Abdel- Hakam Odeh Issa, Nejma Abed Alhakam Odeh Issa, Kevin Joonghoon Koh, Yechan Lim, Manuel Salvador Loza, Joaquin Martinez, Maria Claudia Mijes-Escamilla, Diana Eloisa Nemshick, Triet Sy Thanh Nguyen-Beck, Mi-chael Ssemwanga Njucki, Ericka Elizabeth Ogaldez, Laura Ruiz, Arnold Alvin Sey, Jean Paul Shumbusho, Leticia Sosa, Alfonso Soto Jr., Natalia Torrenga, Linh Truong, Nadia Maria Tudorache, Yesica Yaneth Villasenor, Noel Rodriguez Villavicencio Jr., and Mohamed Masoud Youseff. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in congratulating these individuals, who became citizens of the United States of America on July 4, 2016, the anniversary of our Nation’s independence. They, too, are American citi-zens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THEO MARINESCU 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Theo Marinescu, who trag-ically lost his life after a long struggle with drug addiction. Theo Marinescu, who grew up in East Hampton, Long Island, had a bright future ahead of him and was taken too soon from his family and community. According to his moth-er, Violeta, ‘‘Theo was a warm, loving, and handsome young man who was known for his wonderful personality and huge laugh. He was gifted both academically and athletically—he played linebacker on the football team and was an honor roll student. He always found a way to make people laugh and loved his little brothers with all his heart. Even during his years of drug use, we never became distant from one another. Although it was tumultuous and very difficult at times, Theo loved his fam-ily and we loved him right back.’’ Violeta explained that Theo’s addiction began when he started experimenting with marijuana during his last years of high school and then progressed to harder drugs, includ-ing opioids, which ultimately took his life. Ac-cording to Violeta, in the midst of his addic-tion, ‘‘Theo desperately tried to get clean as he felt so deeply the pain and anguish he was inflicting upon his younger brothers and moth-er.’’ She said he was in and out of rehabs and sober living homes, but that, ‘‘he never re-ceived the proper treatment or care that was needed to address his mental health issues.’’ Ultimately, after struggling with his disease, Theo lost his life on May 17, 2015 at just 25 years of age. Unfortunately, Theo’s story is one that is be-coming all too familiar to families around the country and in my home district on Long Is-land. Tragically, 78 people each day will lose their battle with addiction, and their life, as a result of an opioid or heroin overdose. It is our duty to find solutions and figure out ways to prevent the devastating effects drug abuse and addiction have on our children. We, as members of Congress, must all continue to support legislation that addresses the rise in heroin and opioid abuse to stop the tragic loss of life that has been devastating families and communities across America. MANVEL HIGH SCHOOL TEAM AD-VANCES TO NATIONAL SEAPERCH CHALLENGE HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Manvel High School Team Nautilus, for placing second in the Poster Board and Interview competition at the Na-tional SeaPerch Challenge at Louisiana State University. The U.S. Navy National SeaPerch Chal-lenge is an underwater robotics competition. The Manvel High School Team built and oper-ated their own remotely-operated vehicles that function underwater and are designed to com-plete an obstacle course. They received the 2nd Place Poster Board and Interview in Open Class. In addition, they were also awarded The ‘‘Against all odds and Overcoming Obsta-cle Diversity’’ Award. The SeaPerch Challenge competition judges the students’ underwater vehicles in poster and interview first, and then two underwater challenges follow. The first being an obstacle course and the second being an orbs challenge where the students move different sized balls into submerged con-tainers. The students develop problem-solving, teamwork and technical skills through this competition. They are sponsored by Larry Garrett and Jacob Smith. We are very proud of what these bright young students have ac-complished. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Manvel High School Team for placing second at the National SeaPerch Challenge. Keep up the great work, we look forward to seeing what other inventions these bright minds will engineer. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KENNETH MASUMI SHIMOGAWA 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, joining with Anaheim Unified High School District, to remember Kenneth Masumi Shimogawa. Mr. Shimogawa was a staunch supporter of public education and dedicated advocate for workers’ rights in his eighteen years as a history teacher at Cy-press High School. Anaheim was heartbroken to learn of his untimely passing at 52. An Anaheim native, Mr. Shimogawa grew up in Southern California, received his B.A. from California State University, Long Beach, and returned to his hometown to begin his teaching career. Mr. Shimogawa was described as both hard working and passionate about global affairs and civic engagement. He was passionate about helping his community and he under-stood the importance of public service. Mr. Shimogawa proudly served as a City of Ana-heim Library Board Member, as well as advis-ing the chess club at Cypress High School and encouraging students to love reading and think critically about the world they live in. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JY8.014 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1049 July 6, 2016 
also served as the Executive Board Member of the Anaheim Secondary Teachers Associa-tion Political Action Committee. Mr. Shimogawa was worldly and broke down barriers for teachers in Orange County. He always said that although he loved being a teacher of history and politics, his proudest accomplishment was being the husband of Te-resa Shimogawa and father of his four be-loved children. Winston Churchill once said, ‘‘We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.’’ Mr. Shimogawa demonstrated selflessness in the way he assisted the com-munity. His passing is a great loss for Orange County, but his passionate spirit will forever live on. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LAKE-WOOD HIGH SCHOOL SOFTBALL TEAM 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Lakewood High School for winning the Division II Ohio High School Softball State Championship. An achievement such as this certainly de-serves recognition. The Ohio High School Ath-letic Association has enabled talented teams and individuals to earn state titles since its founding in 1907. Throughout this time, the champions of OHSAA state level competitions have represented the highest achieving and most talented athletes in Ohio. Each year these elite competitors join the ranks of those who embody Ohio’s proud history of athletic success. Lakewood’s victory caps a tremendous sea-son. This sort of achievement is earned only through many hours of practice, perspiration and hard work. They have set a new standard for future athletes to reach. Everyone at Lake-wood High School can be extremely proud of their performance. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate Lake-wood Softball on their state championship. I wish their team continued success in their fu-ture athletic endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MITCH HERRICK ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the retirement of Mitch Her-rick, who I have been privileged to work with for many years. Mitch Herrick began his career in aviation as an air traffic controller in Albany County, NY. Since 2005, he has served as an air traf-fic controller at Miami Air Traffic Control Tower and Terminal Radar Approach. In addition to the substantial responsibilities of his job, Mitch has also represented the National Air Traffic Controllers Association (NATCA) as its local facility vice president and legislative represent-ative. Mitch’s career has had several notable high-lights, including serving as the chair of NATCA’s Realignment Committee, which works jointly with the Federal Aviation Admin-istration to ensure that all air traffic control centers are working as efficiently as possible and serving the appropriate regions. Addition-ally, Mitch was the NATCA’s lead representa-tive in implementing a sweeping safety pro-gram, the Standard Terminal Automation Re-placement System (STARS). Mitch worked with the FAA and Raytheon, a defense con-tractor, to upgrade the equipment that will keep passengers and our airspace safe. In recognition of his invaluable contributions to the air traffic controller profession, NATCA awarded Mitch with its highest legislative awards honor, the Trish Gilbert Legislative Ac-tivism Award, in 2013. In my work with Mitch, he has always prov-en to be straightforward, dependable, and honest. It is clear he has a true passion for his profession, and he has prioritized safety over politics and worked tirelessly to advance the interest of NATCA members. I am proud to be able to call Mitch a friend. I would like to ex-tend my sincerest congratulations to Mitch on his illustrious and productive career, and thank him for his service both in the United States Marine Corps and as an air traffic controller. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Mitch Herrick for his tremendous service to the Miami community, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable indi-vidual. f 
HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF SHILOH BAPTIST CHURCH—BOWLING GREEN, VA 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Shiloh Baptist Church of Bowling Green, Virginia on its 150th Anniversary. During its 35 years of selfless service to the Kingdom of God and to the community, this church has proven itself to be a congregation full of en-ergy, conviction, and action. Shiloh Baptist Church was formed in 1866 in the Bowling Green historic district located in Caroline County, Virginia. The Mattaponi Bap-tist Association, an association consisting of 72 local churches established to enhance fel-lowship, resolve issues, pool resources, and assist local churches further their mission, was formed in 1879 at Shiloh Baptist Church. Shiloh Baptist Church, led by Pastor Rogiers, has played a pivotal role in the com-munity for the past 150 years. Shiloh Baptist Church has drawn members, both new and old, to Bowling Green, Virginia to celebrate the life of their church; occasions such as these il-lustrate to us that love combined with grace and trust will always stand the test of time. Mr. Speaker, it is with heartfelt gratitude that I congratulate Heritage Baptist Church on their 35th anniversary. I pray that the Lord will con-tinue to bless and prosper this congregation for many years to come. MARY MAREK ELEMENTARY SCHOOL ADVANCES TO NA-TIONAL SEAPERCH CHALLENGE HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Pearland, TX Mary Marek El-ementary School Aqua Tigers, for placing third in Open Class at the National SeaPerch Chal-lenge at Louisiana State University. The U.S. Navy National SeaPerch Chal-lenge is an underwater robotics competition. Mary Marek Elementary School qualified for nationals by finishing in the top seven overall teams at the regional competition. The team built and operated their own remotely-operated vehicles that function underwater and are de-signed to complete an obstacle course. The SeaPerch Challenge competition judges the students’ underwater vehicles in poster and interview first, and then two underwater chal-lenges follow. The first being an obstacle course and the second being an orbs chal-lenge where the students move different sized balls into submerged containers. The students develop problem-solving, teamwork and tech-nical skills through this competition. The Aqua Tigers were awarded 3rd Place over in Open Class and 3rd Place Obstacle Course for Open Class. We are very proud of what these bright young students have accomplished. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Mary Marek Elementary School Aqua Tigers for placing third at the National SeaPerch Challenge. We look forward to fol-lowing the competition. Keep up the great work. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF SAN JOSE POLICE OFFICER MICHAEL JASON KATHERMAN 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Officer Michael Jason Katherman who died tragically and honorably while serving his community on June 14, 2016, at the age of 34, in San Jose, California. Officer Katherman, was born on October 18, 1981, and attended Valley Christian High School and Simpson University in Redding, California. For 11 years he served with distinc-tion on the San Jose Police force. For the past two years he was a well-respected motorcycle officer. Officer Katherman was eulogized in super-latives. He was described as a moral person, a man of deep Christian values, a hero, a man willing to put others before himself, and some-one who always dreamed of becoming a po-lice officer. He was also described as an ex-cellent athlete and a lover of ice cream. Officer Katherman was devoted to his par-ents, his brother, his wife and his entire family, particularly to his sons Josh and Jason. He loved coaching them in basketball and passed on to them his love for dirt-biking and fishing. For him, they always came first. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.031 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1050 July 6, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in honoring the life of a national hero, Officer Michael Jason Katherman, and in extending our deepest con-dolences to his wife, his children, his entire family and his many friends and fellow offi-cers. Our country is stronger and better be-cause of his integrity and service. His was a life cut short but well lived and stands as a source of inspiration to countless individuals who were blessed to have known him. 
f 
HONORING JOHN F. WOLFE 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Columbus leader John F. Wolfe who passed away on June 24, 2016. John Wolfe was one of the most dedicated members of the Columbus community, with numerous business and philanthropic efforts to benefit the city. His family owned and pub-lished The Columbus Dispatch newspaper for 110 years, during which the paper rose to na-tional prominence. The Wolfe family also con-tinues to own WBNS–10TV in Columbus. Even after selling The Dispatch, he remained active in the community and received the Ohio Newspaper Association President’s Award, the group’s highest honor, earlier this year. John Wolfe also had interest in the aviation industry, as his family led the effort for im-provements at Port Columbus airport and Rickenbacker. He was committed to the devel-opment of Downtown Columbus, advocating for such projects as the hockey arena, the new ballpark for the Columbus Clippers, the development of the Arena and Brewery dis-tricts, the Scioto Mile, and bringing Columbus Crew Soccer to the city. All of these projects he supported, while also being a consistent contributor to Nationwide Children’s Hospital, The Ohio State University, the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium and the Franklin Park Conserv-atory and serving in leadership roles for the Columbus Downtown Development Corpora-tion, the Columbus Partnership, the John Glenn College of Public Affairs at Ohio State, the Ohio Business Roundtable, the Wexner Center Foundation and the Wexner Medical Center. There is no doubt of the tremendous influ-ence John Wolfe had on the city of Columbus throughout his life. Because of his work and dedication, Columbus is truly a better place to live, work and visit. 
f 
GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY ACT 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, the Global Food Security Act promotes food secu-rity, resilience and nutrition in developing countries in keeping with U.S. national security interests. It utilizes agriculture-led economic development as a vehicle for lessening de-pendence on emergency food aid assistance while enhancing efficiency among federal de-partments and agencies and leveraging the participation of other non-U.S. governmental partners. We must and we do emphasize nutrition and—in particular—nutrition during the critical window of the first 1000 days of life, beginning at conception until about age two. Indeed, there is perhaps no wiser investment that we could make in the human person than to con-centrate on ensuring that sufficient nutrition and health assistance is given during the first one thousand days of life. We know that chil-dren who do not receive adequate nutrition in utero are more likely to experience lifelong cognitive and physical deficiencies, such as stunting. UNICEF estimates that one in four children worldwide is stunted due to lack of adequate nutrition. Indeed, we are fortunate that President Bush, beginning in 2002, had the initial fore-sight to elevate the important role of food se-curity in U.S. foreign policy, especially in Afri-ca, via the Initiative to End Hunger in Africa (IEHA), which was funded through develop-ment assistance and implemented through USAID. The objective was to elevate self-suffi-ciency over dependency. At the same time, the Millennium Challenge Corporation began making substantial invest-ments in agriculture-led economic growth pro-grams, particularly in Africa. The food price crisis of 2007 through 2008 accelerated and underscored the need for a robust food secu-rity policy. This too is the course that President Obama continued and built upon, also focusing on ag-riculture-led economic development. In fact, in the last Congress, and again this year, the House passed Global Food Security legislation introduced by Rep. BETTY MCCOL-
LUM and I to provide congressional authoriza-tion of the program and help ensure a con-tinuity and commitment to food security—be-ginning with the last Administration, through the present and into the next. That we are here today for final passage is a testament to the dedication of numerous committed groups outside Congress that have made food security and nutrition their priority, from advocates to implementers—especially and including faith-based organizations who perhaps work the closest to the small-holder farmers and women who benefit in particular from our food security efforts. I also want to compliment the leadership of USAID, that of former Administrator Shah and, in particular Beth Dunford, who now heads up USAID’s Feed the Future initiative. As a ca-reer foreign service professional, Ms. Dunford has served on the frontlines of the battle against global food insecurity. She brings a wealth of field experience, from Ethiopia to Nepal, with her to Washington. Finally, I would like to thank especially the lead Democratic cosponsor of the House version of the Global Food Security Act, Rep. B
ETTY MCCOLLUM , for her work and that of her team. HARBY JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL FIRST PLACE IN SEAPERCH CHALLENGE HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Alvin, TX Harby Junior High School Sea CRABS for placing first place overall for the Middle School Class at the Na-tional SeaPerch Challenge at Louisiana State University. The U.S. Navy National SeaPerch Chal-lenge is an underwater robotics competition. The Harby Junior High School built and oper-ated their own remotely-operated vehicles that function underwater and are designed to com-plete an obstacle course. Their team name the Sea CRABS, derives from the initials from the team members’ first names. The SeaPerch Challenge competition judges the students’ underwater vehicles in poster and interview first, and then two underwater challenges fol-low. The first being an obstacle course and the second being an orbs challenge where the students move different sized balls into sub-merged containers. The students develop problem-solving, teamwork and technical skills through this competition. Their campus and partner sponsors are Michelle Deleon, Kim Hamilton and Tom Wilson. We are very proud of what these bright young students have ac-complished. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Harby Junior High School Sea CRABS for placing first at the National SeaPerch Chal-lenge. Keep up the great work. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN F. WOLFE 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate John F. Wolfe, longtime owner of The Columbus Dispatch and Central Ohio philanthropist, who passed away on June 24, 2016. John was a prominent figure in the State of Ohio, and a champion for Columbus his entire life. He took up the family business, joining The Dispatch Printing Company after grad-uating from Washington and Lee University in 1965. He worked tirelessly, climbing the ranks of the business and being elected company President and CEO. In 1975, he was elected publisher of The Columbus Dispatch. His hard work and dedication resulted in his election to Chairman of the Board of The Dispatch Print-ing Company in 1994. A loving husband, father, grandfather, and friend, Mr. Wolfe led a long and prosperous life, brightening the lives of all of those who were fortunate enough to know him. A life-long champion of the City of Columbus, he was one of the city’s greatest advocates. He was truly committed to improving the city, as he dedicated much of his time and resources to Columbus citizens, businesses, and organiza-tions—aiding in any way possible. He contrib-uted to countless nonprofits, initiatives, and or-ganizations throughout the city, in addition to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.033 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1051 July 6, 2016 
founding many organizations of his own. He was instrumental in establishing the Columbus Partnership amongst a host of other organiza-tions, in addition to serving on the boards of over 20 businesses and civic, educational, and philanthropic organizations throughout Central Ohio. Throughout his prestigious career, Mr. Wolfe received numerous well-deserved honors and special recognitions, and awards, including public service awards from the FBI, the Ohio Newspaper Association, the Ohio Hospital As-sociation, and the John Glenn College of Pub-lic Affairs. He also was awarded an honorary doctorate degree from Franklin University, Otterbein College and The Ohio State Univer-sity. John is survived by his loving wife and three daughters. I offer them my prayers and hope that they find comfort in their wonderful memo-ries and having been touched by such an out-standing person. 
f 
OPPOSING THE POINT OF ORDER REGARDING THE MAIL-DELIV-ERY STANDARDS IN H.R. 5485 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to clarify the meaning of the Point of Order. First, it means that the amendment the Ap-propriations Committee added to the bill, re-quiring the Postal Service to maintain highest quality delivery standards, is nullified. This amendment was passed for FY 2017 without objection in our Committee and it was in-cluded in last year’s bill and was passed as well. It stands as a strong measure of support for the US Postal Service in both rural and urban America. Those that neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays them from the swift completion of their appointed rounds—deserve our respect. It is our Con-stitutional responsibility in Article 1. Second, the Chaffetz point of order will ac-tually cost our citizenry more money by in fact $66M due to the added transportation costs that results from drastically slowing down the processing and delivery of the nation’s mail. The timely processing and delivery of mail is critical. The Postal Service delivers 154 billion pieces of mail annually to 155 million delivery points, accounting for 47 percent of the world’s mail. This equals over 2,000 percent more than the total business for UPS or FedEx. Third, Mr. Speaker, it would not have been unusual or extraordinary for the Rules Com-mittee to have protected from a point of order the mail delivery standards added to this bill. The Rules Committee actually voted to waive points of order on over 30 partisan rid-ers included in this bill, thereby protecting from removal controversial, legislative provisions impacting the SEC, IRS, CFPB, FCC, and Dis-trict of Columbia. Finally, further the Ranking Member for the Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government (Mr. S
ERRANO ) has made it clear that the mail-de-livery standards are off budget and do not im-pact scoring. The future of our public Postal Service is threatened by delayed mail. Delayed mail harms small businesses, rural America, and our economy in general. Representatives are hearing from their con-stituents that mail service has fallen off a cliff with late mail. In fact, a bipartisan majority (235 Republicans and Democrats) has co-sponsored H.Res 54, calling upon the Postal Service to take all appropriate measures to re-store service standards. The mail service standard language im-poses no legislative mandate of specified ac-tion on the part of the Postal Service—let me repeat—no legislative mandate of specified action on the part of the Postal Service. The mail service standard language is direction from the House Appropriations Committee to the Postal Service that they must correct an administrative and operational situation that actually costs more money, and which under-mines prompt reliable and efficient service to all Americans. When it comes to ensuring the timely deliv-ery of mail for the American people and busi-nesses, Congress holds the ultimate responsi-bility over postal operations. And now that the Postal Service is being wed to a plan that re-duces service standards and slows down America’s mail, it is crucial for Congress to ex-ercise this authority. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I would hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would reconsider their point of order. Let us do everything in our power to protect the mail delivery standards provision that the Appro-priations Committee with bipartisan support added to this bill. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 07, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold closed hearings to examine na-tional security cyber and encryption challenges. SVC–217 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the Federal Communications Commission’s pro-posed privacy regulations, focusing on how they affect consumers and com-petition. SR–253 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the Stark Law, focusing on current issues and op-portunities. SD–215 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the 2016 Trafficking in Persons Report. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the Free-dom of Information Act at Fifty, focus-ing on whether the Sunshine Law’s promise has been fulfilled. SD–226 2 p.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine encouraging entrepreneurship, focusing on growing business, not bureaucracy. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security To hold hearings to examine the FAST Act, the economy, and our nation’s transportation system. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Energy To hold hearings to examine protections designed to guard against energy dis-ruptions, including S. 3018, to provide for the establishment of a pilot pro-gram to identify security vulnerabilities of certain entities in the energy sector. SD–366 JULY 13 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Lucy Haeran Koh, of Cali-fornia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Florence Y. Pan, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, and Danny C. Reeves, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the United States Sen-tencing Commission. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for the nuclear cruise missile. SD–138 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine a review of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ electronic health record (VistA), progress toward interoperability with the Department of Defense’s electronic health record, and plans for the future. SD–124 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:24 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JY8.036 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1052 July 6, 2016 
2 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions To hold hearings to examine combatting the opioid epidemic, focusing on a re-view of anti-abuse efforts by Federal authorities and private insurers. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold closed hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justifica-tion for the nuclear cruise missile. SVC–217 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine NASA at a crossroads, focusing on reasserting American leadership in space explo-ration. SR–253 Committee on Finance Subcommittee on Health Care To hold hearings to examine Alzheimer’s disease, focusing on the struggle for families and a looming crisis for Medi-care. SD–215 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine Zika in the Western Hemisphere, focusing on risks and response. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine researching the potential medical benefits and risks of marijuana. SD–226 2:45 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine campus safety, focusing on improving preven-tion and response efforts. SD–106 JULY 14 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine evaluating the financial risks of China. SD–538 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act implementation, fo-cusing on perspectives from stake-holders on proposed regulations. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, and the nominations of Jennifer Klemetsrud Puhl, of North Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Donald C. Coggins, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, and David C. Nye, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Idaho. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M06JY8.000 E06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D746 Wednesday, July 6, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4777–S4838 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 3126–3136, and S. Con. Res. 42.
                                                         Page S4828 
Measures Reported: S. 2375, to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling excess Federal tangible property, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–291) S. 2450, to amend title 5, United States Code, to address administrative leave for Federal employees, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–292) Report to accompany S. 1470, to amend the Small Business Act to provide additional assistance to small business concerns for disaster recovery. (S. Rept. No. 114–293) S. 3136, to reauthorize child nutrition programs. 
                                                                                            Page S4827 
Measures Passed: North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the NATO Summit: Senate agreed to S. Res. 506, ex-pressing the sense of the Senate in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the NATO summit to be held in Warsaw, Poland from July 8–9, 2016, and in support of committing NATO to a security posture capable of deterring threats to the Alliance, after agreeing to the committee amend-ments.
                                                                      Pages S4836–37 
United States-Taiwan Relations: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 38, reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of United States-Taiwan relations.
                                          Page S4837 
Hizballah: Senate agreed to S. Res. 482, urging the European Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and to increase pressure on the organization and its members to the fullest extent possible.
                                             Page S4837 Fulbright Program 70th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 504, recognizing the 70th anniver-sary of the Fulbright Program.
                   Pages S4837–38 
Measures Considered: Sanctuary Cities: Senate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 3100, to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our com-munities from violent criminals and suspected terror-ists who are illegally present in the United States. 
                                                                Pages S4779–94, S4798–99 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 53 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 119), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S4799 
Kate’s Law: By 55 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 120), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2193, to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase pen-alties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed.
                                  Page S4799 
House Messages: National Sea Grant College Program Amend-ments Act—Agreement: Senate resumed consider-ation of the House amendment to S. 764, to reau-thorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, taking action on the following mo-tions and amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S4800–14 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the bill, with McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 4935, in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S4800 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D747 July 6, 2016 
McConnell Amendment No. 4936 (to Amend-ment No. 4935), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S4800 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 65 yeas to 32 nays (Vote No. 121), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the House amendment to the bill, with McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 4935 (list-ed above).
                                                                       Page S4800 
McConnell Motion to refer the House message to accompany the bill to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 4937, in the nature of a substitute, fell when cloture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the bill, with McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 4935.
                                          Page S4800 
McConnell Amendment No. 4938 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 4937), to change the enactment date, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 4937 (listed above), fell.
                               Page S4800 
McConnell Amendment No. 4939 (to Amend-ment No. 4938), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 4938 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 4937) (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                            Page S4800 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the House amend-ment to the bill at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, July 7, 2016; and that all time during morning business, recess, or adjournment of the Sen-ate count post-cloture on McConnell motion to con-cur in the House amendment to the bill, with McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 4935. 
                                                                                            Page S4838 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 92 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. EX. 118), Brian R. Martinotti, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey. 
                                                                      Pages S4794–98, S4838 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S4824–25 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4825 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S4777, S4825 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S4825 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4825–27 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S4828 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4828–30 Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S4830 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4821–24 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4830–35 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4835 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4835 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—121)
                                                  Pages S4798–S4800 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:01 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, July 7, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4838.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
CORRUPTION Committee on Foreign Relations: On Thursday, June 30, 2016, Committee concluded a hearing to examine corruption, focusing on violent extremism, kleptocracy, and the dangers of failing governance, after receiving testimony from Gayle E. Smith, Ad-ministrator, United States Agency for International Development; Tom Malinowski, Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor; and Carl Gershman, National Endowment for Democracy, and Sarah Chayes, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Democracy and Rule of Law Program, both of Washington, D.C. AGENCY REGULATORY GUIDANCE Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: On Thursday, June 30, 2016, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management con-cluded a hearing to examine the use of agency regu-latory guidance, after receiving testimony from Clyde Wayne Crews, Jr., Competitive Enterprise In-stitute, Paul R. Noe, American Forest and Paper As-sociation and American Wood Council, and Amit Narang, Public Citizen, all of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Andrew Mayock, of Illinois, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Manage-ment and Budget. ISIS ONLINE Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations concluded a hearing to examine ISIS online, focusing on countering terrorist radicalization and recruitment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD748 July 6, 2016 
on the internet and social media, after receiving tes-timony from Michael Steinbach, Executive Assistant Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Depart-ment of Justice; George Selim, Director, Office for Community Partnerships, Department of Homeland Security; Meagen M. LaGraffe, Chief of Staff, Global Engagement Center, Department of State; and Peter Bergen, New America, and Alberto M. Fernandez, Middle East Media Research Institute, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: On Thursday, June 30, 2016, Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Carole Schwartz Rendon, of Ohio, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio. DHS OVERSIGHT Committee on the Judiciary: On Thursday, June 30, 2016, Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Homeland Security, after receiving testimony from Jeh Charles Johnson, Sec-retary of Homeland Security. SMALL BUSINESS FLOOD INSURANCE RATES Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: On Thursday, June 30, 2016, Committee concluded a hearing to examine small business survival amidst flood insurance rate increases, including S. 1679, to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, after receiving testi-mony from Roy Wright, Deputy Associate Adminis-trator, Federal Insurance and Mitigation Administra-tion, Federal Emergency Management Agency, De-partment of Homeland Security; Kevin Robles, Do-main Homes, Tampa, Florida; Ceil Strauss, Associa-tion of State Floodplain Managers, St. Paul, Min-nesota; David McKey, National Association of Real-tors, Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and Randy Noel, Reve Inc., New Orleans, Louisiana, on behalf of the Na-tional Association of Home Builders. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5628–5633, 5635–5650; and 2 reso-lutions, H. Con. Res. 141; and H. Res. 808 were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H4465–66 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4467–68 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2646, to make available needed psychiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–667, Part 1); H.R. 5634, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–668); Conference report on S. 524, to authorize the At-torney General to award grants to address the na-tional epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use (H. Rept. 114–669); and H. Res. 809, providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–670).
                                                         Page H4465 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Jenkins (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H4279 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:26 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4288 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend James R. Shaw, Agnus Dei Lutheran Church, Fredericksburg, VA. 
                                                                                            Page H4288 
Committee Leave of Absence: Read a letter from Representative Castro (TX) wherein he notified the House that he is taking a leave of absence from the Committee on Armed Services.
                          Page H4293 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member of the House to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Representative Castro (TX).
                                 Page H4293 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act: H.R. 2646, amended, to make available needed psy-chiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals with mental illness and families in men-tal health crisis, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 422 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D749 July 6, 2016 
yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 355.                     Pages H4301–25,H4333–34 
Restoring Access to Medication Act: The House passed H.R. 1270, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for over-the-counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements, by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 164 nays, Roll No. 351.
                Pages H4325–31 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–60 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill.
    Page H4325 
H. Res. 793, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1270) was agreed to yesterday, July 5th. Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Tuesday, July 5th: Global Food Security Act of 2016: S. 1252, to authorize a comprehensive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing coun-tries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sus-tainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and chil-dren, build resilience among vulnerable populations, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 369 yeas to 53 nays, Roll No. 354.
                                                      Pages H4332–33 
Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Extension Act of 2016: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 2845, to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014.
           Page H4334 
Expressing condolences for the killing of the British Member of Parliament (MP) Jo Cox: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 806, expressing condolences for the kill-ing of the British Member of Parliament (MP) Jo Cox.
                                                                                  Page H4334 
Federal Information Systems Safeguards Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 4361, to amend sec-tion 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 376.
   Pages H4293–H4301, H4331–32, H4334–46, H4449–60, H4460–64 
Agreed to table the appeal of the ruling of the chair on a point of order sustained against the Thompson (CA) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 375.                                                                                             Page H4459 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–59 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform now printed in the bill.
                                            Pages H4340–41 
Agreed to: Palmer amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–666) that makes technical and conforming changes to the bill; and
                                         Page H4344 
Posey amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–666), as modified, that establishes that no agen-cy employee when acting in their official capacity shall be permitted to establish, operate, maintain, or otherwise permit the use of information technology not certified by the Agency’s Chief Information Offi-cer as in compliance with the established informa-tion security protocols.
                                   Pages H4344–45 
Rejected: Norton amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–666) that sought to strike sections that extend probationary periods, modifies suspension and termi-nation procedures, forced mandatory leave provisions, and others (by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 373); and
           Pages H4345–46, H4449–50 
Watson Coleman amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–666) that sought to exempt from the midnight rules moratorium any rule that has been included in the Unified Regulatory Agenda for at least one year (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 374).
                          Pages H4346, H4450–51 
H. Res. 803, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4361) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 353, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 352. 
                                                                                    Pages H4331–32 
Financial Services and General Government Ap-propriations Act, 2017: The House began consider-ation of H.R. 5485, making appropriations for finan-cial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, July 7th. 
                                                                Pages H4346–92, H4419–49 
The Chair sustained a point of order raised by Representative Chaffetz against certain provisions of the bill, and subsequently Representative Kaptur ap-pealed the Chair’s ruling. The ruling of the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD750 July 6, 2016 
was sustained by a recorded vote of 220 ayes to 168 noes, Roll No. 356.
                                          Pages H4391–92 
Agreed to: Amodei amendment (No. 20 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that prohibits funds from being used to enforce the requirement in section 316(b)(4)(D) of the Federal Election Campaign Act that solicitation of contribution from member corporations stock-holders or personnel from a trade association be sepa-rately and specifically approved by the member cor-poration involved prior to the solicitation, and that such member corporations does not approve any such solicitation by more than one trade association in any calendar year (by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 371); and
       Pages H4436–37, H4448 
Blackburn amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that prohibits funds made available by the Act from being used to implement, admin-ister or enforce any of the rules proposed in the No-tice of Proposed Rulemaking adopted by the FCC on March 31, 2016 (FCC 16–39), intended to regulate consumer privacy obligations as necessitated by the FCC’s net neutrality regime (by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 372). 
                                                                Pages H4437–38, H4448–49 
Rejected: Ellison amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to reprogram already appro-priated funds to create an Office of Good Jobs for the Department of Treasury (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 357); 
                                                                      Pages H4419–20, H4439 
Duffy amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to decrease by $20.7 million the Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) account to offset an inappropriate augmenta-tion of this account outside of the congressional ap-propriations process by the Department of Justice through settlement agreements which required banks to donate $20.7 million to certified CDFI entities (by a recorded vote of 166 ayes to 254 noes, Roll No. 358);
                                           Pages H4420–22, H4439–40 
Becerra amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to strike Section 127, which prevents the IRS from issuing guidance to more clearly define political activity for 501(c)(4) organiza-tions (by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 359);
                                 Pages H4422–23, H4440–41 
Ellison amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to strike restrictions on the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s ability to promulgate rules restricting pre-dispute mandatory arbitration agreements in consumer contracts with firms offering financial products (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 360); 
                                                                      Pages H4423–24, H4441 Moore en bloc amendment consisting of the fol-lowing amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–639: Moore (No. 5) that sought to strike Section 501 to preserve the independent funding and transfer of funds from the Federal Reserve to Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau; Moore (No. 6) that sought to strike Section 503 to preserve the independent fund-ing and transfer of funds from the Federal Reserve to Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; and Moore (No. 7) that sought to strike Section 505 to preserve the current management structure of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under a single Director (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 361);
                                           Pages H4424–25, H4441–42 
Himes amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to increase funding for the SEC by $50 million (by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 238 noes, Roll No. 362);
           Pages H4425–26, H4442 
DeFazio amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to decrease funding for the Se-lective Service System by $22,703,000 and increases the spending reduction account by the same amount (by a recorded vote of 128 ayes to 294 noes, Roll No. 363);
                                                 Pages H4426–27, H4443 
Grayson amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to strike section 613 (by a re-corded vote of 177 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 364); 
                                                                Pages H4427–29, H4443–44 
Kildee amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to strike Section 625 of the bill, a provision that prevents the SEC from devel-oping or finalizing a rule that requires the disclosure of political contributions to tax exempt organizations (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 365);
                                                 Pages H4429–30, H4444 
Eshoo amendment (No. 14 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to strike section 632 (by a re-corded vote of 182 ayes to 238 noes, Roll No. 366); 
                                                                Pages H4430–31, H4444–45 
Ellison amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to strike section 637 (by a re-corded vote of 167 ayes to 255 noes, Roll No. 367); 
                                                                Pages H4431–32, H4445–46 
Ellison amendment (No. 16 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to strike section 638 (by a re-corded vote of 162 ayes to 255 noes, Roll No. 368); 
                                                                      Pages H4432–34, H4446 
Sewell (AL) amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to strike section 639, which prohibits funds from being used by the Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection (CFPB) to en-force regulations or rules with respect to payday loans, vehicle title loans, or other similar loans dur-ing FY 2017 (by a recorded vote of 182 ayes to 240 noes, Roll No. 369); and
           Pages H4434–35, H4446–47 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D751 July 6, 2016 
Norton amendment (No. 19 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that sought to strike the repeal of the Dis-trict of Columbia budget autonomy referendum (by a recorded vote of 182 ayes to 238 noes, Roll No. 370).
                                                     Pages H4435–36, H4447–48 
Proceedings Postponed: Blackburn amendment (No. 22 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that seeks to provide for a one per-cent across the board cut to the bill’s discretionary spending levels;
                                                  Pages H4460–62 
Buck amendment (No. 23 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that seeks to reduce the salary of the IRS Commissioner to $0 annually from date of enact-ment through January 20, 2017; and
     Pages H4462–63 
Davidson amendment (No. 25 printed in H. Rept. 114–639) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to change the Selective Service System registration re-quirements.
                                                           Pages H4463–64 
H. Res. 794, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5485) was agreed to yesterday, July 5th. Quorum Calls Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and twenty-two recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H4330–31, H4331–32, H4332, H4332–33, H4333–34, H4391–92, H4439, H4439–40, H4440, H4441, H4441–42, H4442, H4443, H4443–44, H4444, H4445, H4445–46, H4446, H4447, H4447–48, H4448, H4449, H4449–50, H4450–51, H4459, H4460. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:44 a.m. on Thursday, July 7, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF SNAP: EVALUATING ERROR RATES AND ANTI- FRAUD MEASURES TO ENHANCE PROGRAM INTEGRITY Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: Evaluating Error Rates and Anti-Fraud Measures to Enhance Program Integrity’’. Testimony was heard from Jessica Shahin, Associate Administrator, Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Program, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture; Kay Brown, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Government Accountability Office; and Dave Yost, Auditor of State, Ohio Department of Job and Family Services. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a markup on the State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Bill, FY 2017. The State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. AVIATION READINESS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Aviation Readiness’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Jon M. Davis, USMC, Deputy Commandant for Avia-tion, U.S. Marine Corps; Lieutenant General Kevin W. Mangum, USA, Deputy Commanding General, U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command; Rear Admiral Michael C. Manazir, USN, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Warfare Systems, U.S. Navy; and Major General Scott D. West, USAF, Director of Current Operations, U.S. Air Force. ALTERNATE APPROACHES TO FEDERAL BUDGETING Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Alternate Approaches to Federal Budg-eting’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. A REVIEW OF EPA’S REGULATORY ACTIVITY DURING THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION: ENERGY AND INDUSTRIAL SECTORS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Re-view of EPA’s Regulatory Activity During the Obama Administration: Energy and Industrial Sec-tors’’. Testimony was heard from Lynn D. Helms, Director, North Dakota Industrial Commission, De-partment of Mineral Resources; Janet McCabe, Act-ing Assistant Administrator, Office of Air and Radi-ation, Environmental Protection Agency; David J. Porter, Chairman, Railroad Commission of Texas; and public witnesses. FINANCIALLY REWARDING TERRORISM IN THE WEST BANK Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Financially Rewarding Terrorism in the West Bank’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a markup on H. Res. 210, af-firming and recognizing the Khmer, Laotian, Hmong, and Montagnard Freedom Fighters and the people of Cambodia and Laos for their support and defense of the United States Armed Forces and free-dom in Southeast Asia; H. Res. 634, recognizing the importance of the United States-Republic of Korea- Japan trilateral relationship to counter North Korean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD752 July 6, 2016 
threats and nuclear proliferation, and to ensure re-gional security and human rights; H. Res. 728, sup-porting human rights, democracy, and the rule of law in Cambodia; and H.R. 4501, the ‘‘Distribution and Promotion of Rights and Knowledge Act of 2016’’. The following legislation was forwarded to the full committee, as amended: H. Res. 210, H. Res. 634, and H. Res. 728. H.R. 4501 was for-warded to the full committee, without amendment. THE JUDICIAL BRANCH AND THE EFFICIENT ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Judicial Branch and the Efficient Ad-ministration of Justice’’. Testimony was heard from James Duff, Director, Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts. THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ON AUTOPILOT: MANDATORY SPENDING AND THE ENTITLEMENT CRISIS Committee on the Judiciary: Task Force on Executive Overreach held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Gov-ernment on Autopilot: Mandatory Spending and the Entitlement Crisis’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. ASSESSING THE OBAMA YEARS: OIRA AND REGULATORY IMPACTS ON JOBS, WAGES AND ECONOMIC RECOVERY Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the Obama Years: OIRA and Regulatory Impacts on Jobs, Wages and Economic Recovery’’. Testimony was heard from Howard Shelanski, Administrator, Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on H.R. 5577, the ‘‘Innovation in Offshore Leasing Act’’. Testimony was heard from Walter Cruickshank, Deputy Director, Bureau of Ocean Energy Manage-ment; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 4531, to approve an agreement between the United States and the Republic of Palau, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Esther Kia’aina, Assistant Secretary, Office of Insular Af-fairs, Department of the Interior; Hersey Kyota, Am-bassador, Republic of Palau; and David Gootnick, Director, International Affairs and Trade, Govern-ment Accountability Office. FIREARMS AND MUNITIONS AT RISK: EXAMINING INADEQUATE SAFEGUARDS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Firearms and Munitions at Risk: Examining Inadequate Safe-guards’’. Testimony was heard from Michael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, Department of Justice; Thomas R. Kane, Acting Director, Federal Bureau of Prisons; Jeffery Orner, Chief Readiness Support Offi-cer, Department of Homeland Security; and Steven A. Ellis, Deputy Director of Operations, Bureau of Land Management. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017; CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY THE COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. 2943, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’; and the conference report to accompany S. 524, the ‘‘Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a rule that waives all points of order against the conference report to accompany S. 524 and against its consideration. The rule pro-vides that the conference report shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as ordered without intervention of any motion except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit if applicable. The rule states that debate on the conference report is divided pur-suant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. In section 2, the rule provides that the House has taken S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, from the Speaker’s table, adopts an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of H.R. 4909 as passed by the House, and adopts S. 2943, as amended. The rule provides that the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee is authorized to move that the House insist on its amendment to S. 2943 and request a con-ference with the Senate thereon. Testimony was heard from Chairman Upton and Representative Pal-lone. FOREIGN CYBER THREATS: SMALL BUSINESS, BIG TARGET Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Foreign Cyber Threats: Small Busi-ness, Big Target’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D753 July 6, 2016 
INDEPENDENT LEASING AUTHORITIES: INCREASING OVERSIGHT AND REDUCING COSTS OF SPACE LEASED BY FEDERAL AGENCIES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Independent Leasing Authorities: Increasing Oversight and Reducing Costs of Space Leased by Federal Agencies’’. Testimony was heard from David Wise, Director, Physical Infrastructure Team, Gov-ernment Accountability Office; W. Thomas Reeder Jr., Director, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation; Chris Wisner, Assistant Commissioner for Leasing Public Buildings Service, General Services Adminis-tration; and John K. Lapiana, Deputy Under Sec-retary for Finance and Administration, Smithsonian Institution. FUTURE OVERHEAD SATELLITE REQUIREMENTS Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture held a hearing entitled ‘‘Future Overhead Satellite Requirements’’. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT Conferees agreed to file a conference report on the dif-ferences between the Senate and House passed versions of S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D716) 
H.R. 3209, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the disclosure of certain tax return information for the purpose of missing or exploited children investigations. Signed on June 30, 2016. (Public Law 114–184) S. 337, to improve the Freedom of Information Act. Signed on June 30, 2016. (Public Law 114–185) S. 2133, to improve Federal agency financial and administrative controls and procedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agen-cies’ development and use of data analytics for the purpose of identifying, preventing, and responding to fraud, including improper payments. Signed on June 30, 2016. (Public Law 114–186) S. 2328, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act. Signed on June 30, 2016. (Public Law 114–187) S. 2487, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary. Signed on June 30, 2016. (Public Law 114–188) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 7, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Russia, and Eu-ropean Security, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine an assessment of United States economic assistance, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 9:30 a.m., SH–219. Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Agriculture and National Security: On-the-Ground Experiences of Former Military Leaders’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, markup on the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 9:45 a.m., 2358–C Ray-burn. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Goldwater-Nichols Reform: The Way Ahead’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces; and the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘South China Sea Maritime Disputes’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘An Introduction to Regulatory Budgeting’’, 9:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5587, the ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment and the Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal, State, and Local Agreements and Economic Benefits for Spent Nuclear Fuel Disposal’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Advancing Care for Exceptional Kids Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD754 July 6, 2016 Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Implications of U.S. Aircraft Sales to Iran’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Demanding Accountability: The Administra-tion’s Reckless Release of Terrorists from Guantanamo’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Management Efficiency; and Subcommittee on Transportation Security, joint hearing entitled ‘‘How Per-vasive is Misconduct at TSA: Examining Findings from a Joint Subcommittee Investigation’’, 10 a.m., 311 Can-non. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 320, the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act of 2015’’; H.R. 5578, the ‘‘Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016’’; H.R. 3765, the ‘‘ADA Education and Reform Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 68, the ‘‘Juvenile Accountability Block Grant Reau-thorization and the Bullying Prevention and Intervention Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘State Perspec-tives on BLM’s Draft Planning 2.0 Rule’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the State Depart-ment’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining Billion Dollar Waste Through Im-proper Payments’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on the Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Nation’s Current and Next Generation Weather Satellite Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Solar Fuels Innova-tion Act’’; the ‘‘Electricity Storage Innovation Act’’; and the ‘‘National Institute of Standards and Technology Campus Security Act’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation; and the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security of the House Committee on Homeland Security, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Prevention of Smuggling at United States Ports’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-sight, hearing entitled ‘‘Defying the Constitution: The Administration’s Unlawful Funding of the Cost Sharing Reduction Program’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5613, to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction of super-vision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016; and H.R. 5523, the ‘‘Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of July 7 through July 8, 2016 Senate Chamber On Thursday, at approximately 9:30 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of the House amendment to S. 764, National Sea Grant College Program Amendments Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: July 7, to hold hearings to examine the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Russia, and European Security, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Foreign Relations: July 7, to hold hearings to examine an assessment of United States economic as-sistance, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. Select Committee on Intelligence: July 7, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 9:30 a.m., SH–219. July 7, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, July 8, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The ACA’s Cost Sharing Reduction Program: Ramifications of the Administration’s Decision on the Source of Funding for the CSR Program’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, July 8, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Contracting Fairness’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D755 July 6, 2016 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 91 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 263 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 4 through June 30, 2016 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 90 81 . . Time in session ................................... 533 hrs., 54 ′ 379 hrs., 21′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 4,772 4,188 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,009 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 31 42 73 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 2 2 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 236 334 570 Senate bills .................................. 45 33 . . House bills .................................. 44 230 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 5 4 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 8 16 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 132 49 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *174 *261 435 Senate bills .................................. 127 5 . . House bills .................................. 20 209 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 5 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 26 41 . . Special reports ..................................... 9 1 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 1 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 338 77 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 890 1,575 2,465 Bills ............................................. 690 1,298 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 8 16 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 15 34 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 177 227 . . Quorum calls ....................................... . . 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 117 151 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 190 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 1 2 . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 4 through June 30, 2016 
Civilian nominations, totaling 293 (including 181 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 61 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 221 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 11 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 956 (including 97 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 949 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 6 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Air Force nominations, totaling 5,278 (including 181 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,785 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,493 Army nominations, totaling 4,286 (including 1,740 nominations car-ried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,253 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 33 Navy nominations, totaling 1,673 (including 5 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,640 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 31 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 2 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,244 (including 3 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,243 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 2,207 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 11,523 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 11,931 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,785 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 14 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD756 July 6, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, July 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the House amendment to S. 764, National Sea Grant College Program Amendments Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, July 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 5611— Homeland Safety and Security Act (Subject to a Rule). Continue consideration of H.R. 5485—Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1043 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1050 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1037 Black, Diane, Tenn., E1047 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E1038 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1045 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1037 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1042, E1045 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1038 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E1044 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E1049 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1042 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1042 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1049 Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E1047 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1042 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1051 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E1045 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E1037 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1046 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E1041 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1042 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1045, E1047, E1048, E1049, E1050 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1044 Polis, Jared, Colo., E1044 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1041 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1037 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E1043 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E1047 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E1048 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E1046 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1043 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1050 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E1050 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E1037, E1040, E1042, E1043, E1044, E1046, E1047, E1049 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1044 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E1040 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1048 Welch, Peter, Vt., E1041 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1049 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1048 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06JY6.REC D06JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST